<review# 1,isUSA=True>We use All for Dogs, LLC for our dog walking services while my husband and I are both at work, or while he travels! It's been about 8 months and we have had a fantastic experience with them. They are extremely accommodating, flexible, and so sweet with our dog :) Our normal dog walker, Katie, always leaves very thorough notes in our dog notebook about each visit, and it's nice that they take the time to do that, plus it's fun to read! We use "standard visits," which are 25-30 mins and cost $15, which I find very reasonable. However, you can choose to do shorter or longer appointments as well, as they do offer other services than dog-walking. The AFD website is user-friendly and you can make, adjust, and cancel appointments online. If you need a last-minute appointment within 24 hours, you can always call and leave a message, and they are prompt about getting back to you. Colleen, who I dealt with while setting up our account, was very professional and sweet. They have customer service down to a science here!As for payment, you can put a credit card on file and it deducts automatically. They may have other payment options, but this one works with us so I stick with it! Will continue to use AFD for as long as I can! Thanks!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>OMG Hamachi Kama time!!  If you've read any of my older reviews you may know that I regard hamachi kama(broiled yellowtail collar) very highly as far as sushi/izakaya restaurant apps go.  If you have not read any of my older reviews, I LOVE HAMACHI KAMA.  So...I saw it here on the menu and had to get it.  It was perfect.  It was bigger than the plate it came on.  It was bigger than any piece of hamachi kama I've ever seen personally.  And it's only $7.  The best part about it was that there were two distinct halves to the collar, the buttery softer half of the fish collar and the crispier more firm half.  This makes it the perfect collar for me and my wife since she likes the crispy half, and I prefer the butterier half.  That is so totally a word.  Having hamachi kama here makes me extremely happy.  The reason being, I am usually searching for it in the city, and Arlington Heights is mucho closer and preferable to driving to Chicago for a piece of fish.  Not that I haven't or won't do that but it's nice to know it's a short-er drive away.  I also love that Nikko closes at midnight.  A late night suburban sushi place with hamachi kama?  Man, that's like finding an intelligent woman who looks great in heels, likes fantasy football, loves watching sports most importantly hockey,football and combat sports, knows how to drive a manual car, and smells good.  Oh wait, I did that already :pThe other great thing about Nikko is that with anything you order, be it a single measly sushi roll or the giant plate of BBQ short ribs, you will receive some complimentary goodies; miso soup, a teeny taster salad, a couple pieces of a fried roll,(I just can't remember which one it is), ice cream and banchan, usually broccoli crab salad, kim chi(you might have to ask specifically for it) and some lightly pickled cukes.  If you're even more lucky, they will give you the egg bake, a deliciously light albeit very hot(temperature hot) cast iron dish full of eggy goodness along with some Korean red chili pepper and green onions.  When it comes to the table, it looks like one of those science fair volcanos made of vinegar and baking soda, sorta...But tastes much better.  Just give it a little time to cool down before you dig in.  Or at least blow on it some. We've been here more than a couple of times and so far my favorite things are the Hamachi kama., the grilled saba(mackerel), the BBQ beef plate, those cucumbers, the egg bake, the Jab Chae(noodles) and the Steve roll. The space isn't very large, but we've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes or so for seating.  The staff are very friendly, all welcoming customers as they walk in.  The service can sometimes be spotty depending on who is taking care of you, but for the most part, most of the servers are very attentive and will try to keep the waters topped and the dishes cleared as you devour you way through the menu.  So come on down to Nikko and don't burn your tongue on the egg bake!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>So whenever I come here I just eat like a big fatty.Get the coconut curry soup...you'll want it fed to you intravenously from now on.Love the potstickers...and you get a free order of them when you check in with your Yelp app!Crispy fish and chicken tacos? YUM!Tiger shrimp tacos? YUM AND PREPARE TO BREATHE FIREYep...usually all in one sitting.Also be on the lookout for their Taco Time. You have to follow them in Twitter or Facebook in order to see when the next one is. Taco Time is one hour where all tacos are $1 each...trust me...that's a heavenly deal.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I ordered the special which was Chicken Parm. The bread was soft and the Chicken Parm was tasty. The sauce and cheese were on par with what I was expecting. I took advantage of the Yelp promotion which was $5 for $10 worth of grub. They also have a free cinnamon stick offer with check in. I will take advantage of that offer next time I come back. I also want to try their pizza because it looked really good when I saw it at another table that ordered it. The owner is also here 7 days a week and it's good to see young entrepreneurship at its best.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Enjoyed a mommy's night out with a girlfriend here. The food was delicious! The waitress talked up the baklava so we decided to try it out. Sadly, they ran out by the time we finished our dinner. Boo.The atmosphere is really nice and fitting with the rest of downtown Geneva. I believe there are three floors total and there was a fun crowd that night. I believe there were a couple of bacheolerettes going on. There was also a great cover band that really engaged the crowd. Will definitely go back.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>It was a beautiful day in Arlington Heights today and froyo was on our minds after eating dinner at a local restaurant. There were a lot of different options for froyo flavors, but I was sad to see there was no peanut butter! I instead opted for the vanilla and chocolate-flavored custard, which tasted quite good. I only wish there had been a few "normal" froyo flavors because I came for frozen yogurt, not frozen custard. There were a bunch of toppings options, but they looked a little depleted by 7 when we dropped by. I wished that there had been mochi as an option, but that's just me being picky. The blueberries I chose to add on too were fresh and not wilted at all. Delish! We chose not to dine in, but it looked like a great- cute, trendy green chairs, and plenty of seating from which to choose. I recall that the flavors change periodically, so I would most certainly return!For those interested, I saw a sign that said it was possible to host a birthday party here and it sounds like a great location! The store is close to lots of other places in downtown Arlington Heights and the space/layout of the place could house plenty of froyo-hungry kids.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Love love love this place! This is my go to place for breakfast and so far, has not disappointed me. Been here 3 times already, with the hubby and the rest of the family. I always make it a point to come here before 8am because it gets packed pretty quickly esp on weekends.Great food! They have ample portion sizes and unique menu items. Can't go wrong with their egg dishes and skillets-I esp love the Rutherford omelette and butcher's block skillet. They both come with hash browns and toast or pancake. I usually upgrade it to their special pancakes (only $1 more). My personal favorite is the signature berry bliss. Not a fan of tiramisu or the oreo pancakes though. Great coffee as well! If I live closer, I would definitely buy my daily coffee fix from them. Forget Starbucks.As for service, I have no complaints. Very friendly and very efficient staff. They try their best to cater to what the customer wants. Really, can't complain. Overall, definitely recommend even if you're not a breakfast person!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>After weathering decades of abuse and frustration from me, the pedestal lamp on my piano expired. It was limp, it wouldn't light, it was spent, it could do no more. Curses!Now what? Lamps & Shades is what. This is a little known spot, in an unobtrusive place, where the huddled masses go after their shades are burned and dusty, their filials are bent, and their specialty light bulbs cannot be found anywhere on the planet.Yes, it will cost you but you will find what you are searching for and if they do not have it, they know how to get it. The sales staff is personable and very hands on. I found my replacement lamp for the piano; we became immediate friends.If you stop in, prepare to be amazed at the assortment of lamp shades that actually have character to them. They have lamps of all sizes; from pretty to distinguished. And because of their ultra specialization to the God of lamp fixtures, they get the ultimate rating from me, even though my checkbook would give them four. A great spot to know about!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Hands down.. Best pedicure I've ever had! The massage was the perfect long amount of time!! Omg I almost fell asleep it was so amazing! I like the fact that even though they are extremely crowded (because their amazing) they still take their time! I hate places that short you on the massage portion and I hope they don't turn into that type if place. Never change. =))Their prices are great and are the same as any other place you would walk-in in the area. However, this place is just a better, clean, chic feeling inside. Chloe, the owner decorated the place and it is super cute inside! The manicures are perfectly polished. They pay attention to detail. I do suggest calling ahead before you come or on your way because you may have to wait. Yes...their that good!! It's worth the wait.. I promise!*Enjoy*
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I can not believe good thai is hiding in a strip mall in Carol Stream. I mean seriously, when I think of good food or area restaurants, Carol Stream is really not my go-to city. Until now! This place is adorable! It's a nicely decorated, clean, cozy place nestled in a strip mall with Piggly Wiggly and Dairy Queen. I didn't even know there were PW stores in Illinois. Guess that's another Carol Stream secret. We found it by searching the app for restaurants in close proximity to Costco because it was close to 9p and we were not traveling far during severe thunderstorms for food. We pulled in the lot and walked in and it was a ghost town. A waiter appeared to be dozing off.  And here I thought I was the only person who is tranced by the sound of rain. We wondered if the food would be that bad. But we sat and ordered anyway and are glad we did! It was 8:40p so we ordered quickly. I went traditional with Chicken Pad Thai and he had a coconut dish. He asked for beef but received chicken too (chuckles). Despite the mix up, it was great. Both were flavorful, saucy and the portions were generous. Our server, Tony was personable and attentive. He checked on us often and offered information about delivery and lunch specials. We were treated like we were the only ones in the room (and we were but it still felt nice!).We will definitely circle back. Only next time, we can only hope to receive what we ordered. :-)
