<review# 1,isUSA=True>I enjoyed the food.  I like the concept of a local farm to table Asian American fusion with a rice bowl meets chipotle, Moe's, subway pile on your fav toppings component.  Their sauces seem amazing with choices of different curries and others.  I chose the sampler plate which offered chicken, pork, and beef and the coconut ginger sauce on the side. My fav topping was the onion marmalade.  Holy cow I could bath in that it was so delicious I also enjoyed a juicer smoothie.  They offer two juice selections ea day. These are preselected for you so you like the concoction or not. They only had one choice left as the other was sold out.  It was fresh and tasty. Too much ginger for my liking.  But I d get the next selection. For 3.50 and nothing added I'm a fan.  Try this gem.  It's worth it. And low cost. My bowel was filling and 6.99.  :)
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Loved it!! The decor is awesome and the restaurant is super clean, the selection of Craft Beers Local and from afar on tap and canned/bottled is great!! A must try is the Pretzel with cheese dip with one of those lovely craft beers helping the cheese dip flavor. Our server Haley was very nice and did a great job with special requests which has been an issue of late at other places. My burger was amazing tasty bacon  and a large pile of onion straws and the wifes chicken salad wrap was just what she wanted. The owner was present in the dining room a super plus and she was very engaging, we can see this becoming a regular spot for us on the way to pungo for fruits and veggies. Another plus is they do use Local produce when possible and I love it when Local restaurants keep it Local!!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I started this review 5 months ago, so this info might be a little old...Friday night special: all you can eat trout. Fried, with fries, slaw and hush puppies. Sounded like a good idea for $10. And it was. It sounded like a challenge to me. All you can eat trout? How hard could that be? It's a trout. Fish.  Fish can't fill you up too much...It does.  At least from here, it does.I gave it my all; my aim was to get down at least three fillets.  I didn't realize that the fish that they cut these fillets from were monstrously huge.  It was like eating the side of a small shark.  A perfectly fried and seasoned side of a small shark.  The fries that accompanied it were also perfectly cooked and the slaw gave a good cool bite to round out the plate.  I managed to clear one and a half fillets before I gave up.  Full and happy.I liked this place a lot.  Decent beer prices to boot.  Check it out on the way to the beach.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I found a great local pizza place!  The pizza is really good, a nice light, thin crust with just the right amount of chew.  The pizza sauce is mild (not over seasoned with garlic and oregano) with the sweetness of the tomatoes coming through and really yummy cheeses.  We got a half Hawaiian and half deluxe, it was very good, great flavors and no grease and the mozzarella sticks were also very good, light crispy breading and again no grease.   The staff was very friendly and provided wonderful service.  This is mostly a take out place with a full menu with pasta, sandwiches and salads, they also deliver.  They also sell by the slice.  The Pizzeria is well worth giving it a try
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I've eaten me a lot of hush puppies and onion rings in my time, but I tell you Wicker's has got them figured out.  Arguably some of the best I've ever had.  We actually went because a friend said it was the best She Crab Soup, but of course, it failed to live up to *that* claim.  That's not to say it wasn't good, just I've had some that has been more to my taste.  It's worth a cup though.  What I love about Wicker's is when you arrive you see all the crab cages in the back and people out there diligently cleaning them from the days catch.  Ambiance inside was, well, homey, since, it was a home.  But seriously, they had on Nick Toons on the TV which was seriously a little strange!  That being said, I did chuckle a few times at the gigantic purple creature thing that was on the TV.  For my meal I went with the boat, hush puppies, onion rings and scallops.  To be 100% honest, I was a little disapointed by the scallops, hence the 4 stars, but the other items lived up to and exceeded my expectations.  Staff was perky, attentive and bright, always a plus on a lunch break from work.  Overall, Wicker's is good, I'm certainly a fan and would go back.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>This place is quite a bit more than just a sauce shop, though they do have way more sauces than I have time to look at.Great selection of local stuff, sauces, rubs and other condiments with few ingredients (gotta love the all-natural stuff!), plenty of spices and international ingredients. It was a bit overwhelming, but fun experience.Proved to be the perfect spot to make a gift basket for a bbq-ing friend and I will definitely return to shop for myself.  The only downside, and I hate to say it, was the saleswoman. I am not a fan of going into a retail location and feeling hounded. I appreciate the love of what you sell, but my gosh.. leave me alone!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>very unassuming little place and like others have noted, you might miss it if you're not really super focused on finding it. It is in a food co-op. The macarons are displayed in a large case with several small little serving dishes containing different varieties. When I went, the available flavors were cookies and cream, Nutella, jasmine tea, key lime, vanilla birthday cake, salted caramel, chocolate birthday cake, banana pudding, and a pumpkin spiced one. I ordered a dozen choosing Nutella, salted caramel, vanilla birthday cake, cookies and cream, and a single jasmine tea. The macarons were exceptional, texturally moist but with a crunch crispness like a macaron should be. The jasmine tea one did not give off the flavors of tea that I wanted so badly to discover...I adore jasmine. the cookie itself was still great, just void of real flavor for me. the rest of the macarons were extremely successful though. The shop lady was amazing. such a doll. will definitely be back, but not too often for fear of massive weight gain ;)
<review# 8,isUSA=True>This is one of our regulars.  Anyone that says the staff is cold should relax and understand the cultural norms are different....  Lunch menu is abbreviated from the Dinner menu of 21.95.  All the sushi, sashimi, and assorted entree dishes you care to eat.  On the dinner menu there are at least twenty different specialty rolls.  The rice, and we know rice is important to good sushi, is freshly prepared and of higher quality than many competitors.  It is by far the best value, particularly if you are hungry for a lot of great sushi.  They'll keep bringing it to you without complaint so long as you don't waste the foot.  Highlights are the BBQ squid, fried spider, white tuna cocktail, and of course many of the rolls.Recommendation:  just because it is all you can eat, don't be a cheapskate on the tips...  remember there is a crew working to bring you probably at least $50 worth of food in any other restaurant... so tip accordingly and be gracious.This is one of our favorite date night places.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Show up about half hour early for food.The aisles are large and spacious and some of the tables can be moved if you need your own. I came to see Captain America: The Winter Soldier on opening weekend and it wasn't completely sold out - there was no one sitting in the two seats beside me... so that was nice.  I ordered the BBQ nachos - they were something like $18 or something... they tasted good but were nearly impossible to eat because they were heaped onto a rectangular plate and the chips had fused together with like 5 pounds of toppings and cheese.  So basically - while sitting at a small table far removed from me I was trying to chip away at enough of these chips so I could take bites without spilling it all over the tables and myself.  I ended up eating about 15% of them probably... big waste. I ordered the BBQ chicken salad and it was pretty good.They had sweet tea too so I'm pretty happy about that. The folks sitting behind us were a large party of around 5 people who ordered a ton of beer.  I was concerned they were going to be loud and rude and obnoxious but they weren't at all and hardly talked during the entire movie.  In fact, most people were very polite and respectful which was a nice change. I typically get really irritated at movies and almost never go anymore because people are so inconsiderate and rude with their children, loud noises, talking, cell phones, drinks and candy wrappers and kicking my seat.  I just get really pissed and end up usually cussing someone out so I prefer to avoid it.  Perhaps because there were other sounds in general due to the nature of this show - it wasn't as irritating.  It's also very expensive - the whole meal and movie tickets for two cost around $80 total so I figure most trashy people with kids they don't parent during movies probably didn't want to spend that.  Fine with me.  It was the most pleasant movie experience I've had since someone with a baby ruined the final Harry Potter on opening weekend.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>This is officially my new favorite place to go out for a special occasion in Norfolk, maybe even all of Hampton Roads!! I organized a birthday party for a friend of mine and I had no trouble making a reservation for the large party. They were very accommodating, even when two different times I called to ask if we could add one more. No problem! :) Parking was no problem when we arrived. As I walked in I was greeted by a few very friendly hosts, and I got to meet, John, the person I spoke to when I made the reservation and he wanted to greet me personally :) As we went in we noticed that the downstairs with it's own bar and tables was very trendy and cool. Our reservation was on the rooftop so we made our way upstairs. They had another bar upstairs on the roof. The ambiance up there was absolutely awesome! You don't even feel like you're in Norfolk anymore... for all you know it could be Paris! The string of lights and trendy but laid back atmosphere is uber-cool! As the rest of my party arrived we took our seats at a long table for 17! For an appetizer I ordered handmade pork rinds with black bean dip and special deviled eggs. Both were very good. I kept waiting for the shoe to drop when I ordered my entree, a Southern fried half chicken and mac and cheese. Everything was delicious!!! Everyone around me raved about their food and what a cool place it was. I will be coming back very soon with lots more friends!! This place is very ideal for a romantic date. Just ask for the rooftop!!
