<review# 1,isUSA=True>If I'm ever up in the Plano area, I now have my spot to drop in and grab a bite! My visit to Whiskey Cake was a very pleasant experience!We happened to be up in the area, and had heard rave reviews...so we had to stop in. The decor was the first thing that struck me as we entered. The boards across the walls listing all of the local products and where they're from caught my eyesight right off the top! The overall rustic, western theme was all throughout the restaurant...even down to the light bulbs used a small vases containing rosemary on each table!Our waitress, Bird, was awesome! She knew the menu, she was helpful with making suggestions and helping us with our choices, we couldn't have asked for more. We started off with an appetizer and a couple of the freshly squeezed juices (which they juice on sight, along with growing a lot of the veggies and fruits out back!). I had the hulk...a refreshing glass of juice with a cool cucumber flavor with a slight touch of basil, balanced with the sweetness of some pineapple! So good! We got the fried green tomatoes for our appetizer. They were so good! The batter had more of a tempura texture to it. The remoulade that comes with it is perfect...you could put it on cardboard and it would taste great! For my main course, I chose the tuna salad stack sandwich. It consisted of a seared tuna steak that's pulled apart and layered on sourdough bread with veggies and mayo. I had to say that I was quite pleased with my selection! The sandwich came with some of their homemade potato chips, which I dipped in the leftover remoulade from our tomatoes!My fiance ordered the chicken salad, but requested some of their pulled chicken on it instead of the fried strips. Bird told us that they were able to do it, but the salad came back with the fried strips. Not a problem at all...she promptly apologized and took the salad back. She returned moments later with the corrected dish. We all make mistakes, and I love establishments that really care about their customers and correct the problem without a hassle. The service was great!We didn't have room for the famous Whiskey Cake, but we will definitely return and try it the next time we're that far up the tollway! If you haven't gone....GO!!! It's totally worth the trip!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Yesterday, I was blessed with the opportunity to volunteer at The Main Place.  Prior to learning about their services through my employer, I had never heard about them. Now, I can share their story to my fellow Yelpers!To begin, The Main Place is a non-profit organization that provides clothing to homeless teens in the area. Their unique motto is "A retail store without a cash register."  Let's face it, there are many, many people who do not have a home, a place to call their own. Families live in their vehicles, kids "couch-hop" from one friend's home to another. These kids have no options and are stuck to make the best of their situations. Since there are other organizations that provide assistance, this organization opened to help clothe these teens.The Main Place originally started as a means to provide attire for proms for these kids. If you really think about it, it is such a loving idea. Most of these homeless kids who still attend school wear the same clothes daily, so of course, they would not have nice clothes to attend school dances that we all take for granted. Soon, the organization realized daily clothes are needed, as well. As mentioned prior, The Main Place is non-profit and is SOLELY run by 100% volunteers. NO employees. How it works: school counselors refer these kids to TMP, the kids are given vouchers, and it works by appointments only. The store is divided by little "stores"- a boys and girls dress clothes area, a girls prom wear, casual clothes for boys and girls, and items for infants. What I think is a great idea is that they have those areas that provide nice, dressy clothes that these kids can wear for job interviews. They, too, need to dress to impress.The director of TMP is a gal named Jennifer. Wow, I was so impressed with her. Her excitement was infectious! It was obvious just how much she loves this organization and helping those less fortunate. A couple of families arrived while we were there, and the volunteers got busy helping them, like a personal shopper! They put together entire wardrobes, right down to shoes, jewelry, and hats. It was wonderful to witness the joy on the teens' faces!If you have it in your heart (and closet), I ask that you please help this great, little "store."  What they need: new and gently used clothes, shoes, and accessories. And, of course, money to pay for utilities. For those who work in the business world, they really need dressy clothes so these teens can look nice for interviews. Also, they really need new undergarments (would you wear used undies?), socks and shoes--especially ladies shoes that are small, like sizes 5-6.I thank any of you who have read this and I apologize for the lengthiness, there is just so much info to share!  And remember, pay it forward!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I love this location so much. You get all that Cane Rosso goodness without any of that parking in Deep Ellum/fight the crowds bullshit. The patio is amazing. I've spent a few Saturday afternoons here with my dog tied to a table leg, sipping on beer, reading, and devouring whole pizzas by myself. It's pretty much heaven. The service is friendly - attentive without being annoying, which is very nice when you want to be alone in public, like I do a fair amount of time. The inside is spacious, and I love all the wall art. It all combines for a lovely atmosphere for dinner with friends (the lighting ain't bad for bringing a date, just saying). I brought my mom and sister here the last time they were in town; they're both very picky eaters, but everyone enjoys pizza, and my lil' adventurous heart was happy because they still tried something new. Love that thin crust!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I've been trying really hard to not be super generous with my delivery of 5 star ratings, but dayum, Kenny's Wood Fired Grill had me happier than a gopher in soft dirt!!!  From the moment I walked in, the ambiance and feel of the place was great.  I had a few minutes to wait for a seat, so I headed to the bar for a quick beverage.  The bartender was friendly and fast.  I didn't wait more than 2 minutes and the bartender came out like a ninja from the shadows asking what I wanted to drink.  The bartender was quick and accurate and also did a great job making my wife's custom drink.Minutes later, our table was ready.  We were seated and given the menus.  I read the reviews and knew what I wanted; that was until Katie came up and explained the specials.  She sold me on the Filet with a crabcake on top.  That's right, a Filet with a whole crabcake on top of it.  For sides we ordered the adult mac n cheese, potatoes and creamed spinach.I ordered a bottle of wine since I knew I wanted to unwind and get intimate with my Filet.  By the time the first glass was gone, the food was there.  My steak was cooked to perfection and the crabcake was so good I was emotional.  I think I actually shed a tear when I finished the last bite.  The crabcake was like adding a pile of money onto a pile of money onto a pile of money; outstanding.I can't begin to explain how wonderful an experience eating here was.I'll say it again.  I'm trying to be a little stingier with my 5 star ratings, but this place was a no-brainer.  Our waitress Katie made our night out even better with great but non-obtrusive conversation.  BRAVO Kenny's Wood Fried Grill.  I will see you again soon as I have decided to be a regular customer.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Tucked away in a corner of The Shops of Legacy and next to Taco Diner and Gingerman is a casual yet fancy gourmet BBQ restaurant. I am a big fan of Chef Kent Rathbun's Abacus and didn't realize Jasper's was his creation, too or I would have checked this place out sooner! Dinner isn't cheap here, and it's restaurants like this that make me wish I could have a nice big expense account to enjoy meals on my company's dime. So unforch, Jasper's will have to be enjoyed on special occasions only. Yelpers steered me right with the blue cheese chips, although I think fries would taste better with this. It reminded me of a fancy version of nachos. Tortilla soup was perfectly cheesy, salty, and delicious! The prime rib was amazing! I have never had such a tender, smokey, juicy, and meaty yumminess in BBQ form as that $47 prime rib.  It was so big I ended up taking it home for leftovers and I used my sous vide to reheat it back to its glory where it retained its perfect tenderness and juiciness! So get the bigger 16 oz portion and take it home with you! I wish we had room for dessert as everything was so delicious, but that just means I have to come back for it next time. Service was great, and the ambiance was fun and romantic and modern.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>OK so check it.  This place has the ability to be the most amazing place ever created.  There, I said it.  It's open till 4 am on the weekends and midnight every other night! Dallas needs more decent late night feed bags!  They serve veggie sausages, pork free ones, rabbit ones, venison ones, duck ones, animal ones....etc.  HOWEVER I still think they are working out the kinks of the place, I mean, they did just open! They have a two part system, you order at the counter when you walk in and eat anywhere you like, or you can go to the straight to the back and grab a spot at the great big huge family style farm tables (love thy neighbor) and have a great ol'time being waited on.  They have a water station in the back you can help yourself too and the patio is definitely something to get excited about! I go and grab a seat at the bar, cause that's where I like to hang and asked for a scotch/whiskey menu.  They don't have one yet.  Le sigh. Then I asked if they had Red Breast.  Their Isle Whiskey's haven't arrived yet.  Le sigh. So I asked a few questions, the bartender was awesome and def knew his scotch.  So I ordered an Oban, neat.  Oh yea gurl.  Next I ordered an Old Fashioned, this was so good.  Fo realz. They do have other libations too, so if scotch or whiskey isn't your thang, don't fret you can order yourself a vodka cranberry no problem.  Food!! We ordered some sausages, obviously.  I had the Turkey Jalapeno/Cheddar (pork free) and MP had the rabbit/duck one.  We both added some grilled onions.  You can get it on a bun, in a lettuce wrap or as platter!  We also got some fries to splitsies! The size of these were a joke though - we ordered a large ($5.50) and when it arrived we asked the bartender if that was right. He said "yep"!  It is def not enough for two people.  Maybe a mom and her kid, but NOT two full grown foodies...maybe we're just fat, who knows?!  They were delicious though and the sausages were ahhhh-mazing! The prices are very reasonable (except the fries), but shame on me though, I should have asked the price of my scotch.  When I usually order Oban its anywhere from $15-18 a glass, this one was $23...gah!  I don't mind paying for a decent glass of scotch,  but dude. *Stretching*  This place is definitely worth the trip, like I said, still working out the kinks, but it is capable of so many beautiful nights.  Then waking up the next day with no clue as to what happened or how many sausages you swallowed.  Wait, what?
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Just Dogs is a great addition to this part of town, bringing fantastic Chicago style hot dogs down south to Dallas. I just stopped in for the first time today and will most definitely be returning to try more of what they have to offer. I took my food to go, which was a good idea since I tore up my chili dog and fries like a feral child raised by wolves might have. The mustard + chili + cheese + onions combination on top of a quality dog was simply delicious, plus the freshly baked fries paired really well, and weren't greasy like you come to expect from burger joints. Poppyseed bun, thick and hearty sausage- this blows those meager frozen oscar meyer dogs you microwaved as a child out of the water.With friendly, engaging owners and awesome food for a low price, Just Dogs should be on your regular rotation of locally owned hot spots for a great bite to eat. I'm already looking forward to my next visit. :)
<review# 8,isUSA=True>This review is only for their briskey.Great brisket they said...... match Franklins they said.....Everyone in Richardson is raving about TenFiddy's moist.... so of course i had to see whats up.The ordering system is neat... it's like Hard 8 and Rudy's BBQ put together.  Open smoke pits where the master pitmasters give you their meat (no homo).  I opted for a pound of the moist briskey.Briskey - Visually it was perfect... nice bark... seasoned throughout with great smoke flavor.  Texture was spot on.... barely held on its own and gave when slightly tugged.  This is one of the top 3 briskets in Dallas. Period. Just look at the picture i uploaded.Ten50 is spitting out some mean briskey... but i question if it's $9 per 1/2 lb worthy....That's not whats up.  Lockhart is spitting out equally good brisket a dollar cheaper.... but hey i guess it's always good to switch it up.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Great concept, knowledgeable staff, and tons of beer. What more could a beer lover ask for? What I liked about this place is that if they don't have something on tap you want to drink, you can pick out a beer from the massive selection on the wall and drink that instead. This place is certainly about selection. The staff here love beer. I had a great conversation with the manager (Oliver?) about different breweries and what they were up to. It's quiet enough that you can have a good conversation with your friends, or play Uno. Not that I go to a bar to play Uno, but there were a group of hipsters having quite the intense game last time I was there. This would also be a good place for date night. I plan on bringing my beer nerd boyfriend here next time I need serious brownie points.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>First of all, I know people will complain about the price. Regular Vietnamese banh mi is $2-3... It's about $6-7 here. BUT!! This place is Americanized after all... And they do it so well!! *round of applause*We were greeted by super friendly employees and shown the menu. They nicely asked if we had any questions since the concept is quite new. We ended up getting the coconut chicken breast banh mi and Saigon "street style" corn cup (elotes!). Coconut chicken breast banh mi - I didn't know what to expect after I bit into the bread, which wasn't crispy like I was used to. But once I tasted the chicken breast and cucumber-cilantro aioli, everything changed. I loved it! The chicken is marinated in chili-coconut, and you can really taste it. I'm not a fan of coconut, but it was perfectly subtle and pleasant. Definitely legitimized this place for me.Corn cup - I had no idea what to expect from this... But it was so good! I like it even more than regular elotes. It even has a bit of nuoc mam (fish sauce) in there, but it was also really subtle and worked very well. You have to try it!Overall, all of their flavors were subtle yet still popped. They've created some great new flavors I've never tried before, and it worked for me. Yum!!
