<review# 1,isUSA=True>SPECIALTY - FALAFELIn the Spain episode of "No Reservations" Anthony Bourdain talked about the Basque restaurant Asador Extebarri as a specialty place because it does one thing great - grilling food. The term specialty also refers to this eatery. There are several items at this restaurant but I come here for one item - falafel wrap.My introduction to this eatery came about three years ago when after a Cal football game I was heading towards the Bart station. As walked towards this place someone from this eatery was giving away free samples of freshly fried falafel. I took a bite and I was hooked. Apparently during that time it was the grand opening. I knew I had to come here again for the falafel.The first time I ate at this restaurant I ordered the falafel wrap. I was totally addicted to this item. Ever since then when I come here I always ordered the falafel wrap. What makes the falafel wrap addicting? First the falafels as mentioned before are freshly fried. I've had falafels in the past where they're cold and stale. At Oasis Grill I love the breaded crunchy texture of the falafel. You would think since the falafels are deep fried that they would be heavy but they're not. Also I the wrap is lightly toasted over the burner. This makes the wrap light yet has a slight crunch as a panini. Inside the wrap the yogurt binds together the fresh vegetables. Overall this dish is hearty because it'll make you full. Anthony Bourdain said it best that he would like vegetarian dishes if people really knew how to make vegetables tasty. Well this vegetarian item is delicious. I believe if he had this item at Oasis Grill he would love it also. I admit I'm a carnivore at heart and not too fond of vegetarian dishes as the vegetables tend to be overcooked or mushy. I'll go on record by saying this is the best vegetarian dish I ever had.I've had other items at Oasis Grill but nothing compares to what I believe is their specialty - the falafels.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I've seen the reviews for this place slowly climb over the past couple months and remain at 5 solid stars.  I can see why now!Shrimp has been on my mind a lot lately and the craving has been insatiable.  The folks at Cal Eats cooks shrimp to succulent perfection. Ordering is similar to Chipotle in the sense that they'll work on your meat/seafood filling and then build the rest of the bowl/burrito with you.The shrimp and steak burrito costs around $8 but tastes super fresh.  Just two of the blackened fish tacos ($2.95 each) fills me up.  Good size fish, sufficient amount of toppings and sauce.I'm looking forward to coming back and trying the Cajun Shrimp and Chipotle Shrimp.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>On the outside, TRH is a lonely standalone pub/grill.On the inside, TRH is low key and "seemingly" underrated.Don't let the appearance of this place or the # of customers fool you! The burgers are bombdigitty. Happy hour is great too! We ordered the 1/2 pound "poundies" for free technically with the $5off check-in deal.Those poundies were friggin' delicious! Pork belly meat, sour cream, cheese, and other goodies delivered to your mouth via nacho formation.Bronson burger - beef patty + pork belly slices + the perfect amount of balancing veggies. Prepare to get messy. TRH knows what's up. So juicy. So flavorful.I'd skip on the garlic fries though (the garlic was still semi-raw).
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Finally, wine for the masses. Oakland represents the new rise of urban wine, that has been sorely needed. Who needs to go to whine country when all the great wine  and wine education you 'll ever want/need is here.Bay Grape is not all about the tannins, the supposed tennis ball smell of wine, or any other crazy wine related factoids that you are supposedly not hip to. Owners Stevie, and Josiah are about empowering you to make great wine selections.They are a welcome breath of fresh air in the Bay Area wine scene. Their wine knowledge is top notch, and their wine selections are excellent.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Four of my coworkers did "the challenge", and I gotta say, it was one grueling and hilarious event as I watched them suffer.  What am I talking about?  Well its the Atomic Chili Cheese Dog Challenge!  Located in downtown Livermore, this place seems like a local favorite, as a few customers flocked in and out during lunch time.  It's a small place with a few simple and clean tables inside / out.  There was only one girl working at the time, but she gave great service, so no issues.  And no matter how busy she was, she worked as fast as she could, giving service with a smile.  ~ I gave the regular Atomic Chili Dog ($6.90) a try and loved it!  It was topped with what they consider 'insanely hot' chili, jalapenos, onions, bacon pieces, and nacho cheese.  I personally didn't think it was hot.  I mean it was hot, but not hot hot!  If anything, I wish she added more bacon bits.  As for the sausage itself, it definitely was meaty and spicy good!  Can't go wrong with a Saag's premium sausage.  If you've never been here and don't mind spicy, then I'd recommend giving this dog a try!~ I also gave the Foot Long Envy Dog ($6.49).  This was a fat 1/2 lb type of dog they use for the challenge.  Only without the big chili and without the secret heat sauce.  It was decent, but I like the atomic chili dog better.  If you're really hungry, this one will definitely fill you up!  ~ I'll be back to try the Mac Attack everyone raves about.  Damn!  Mac-n-Cheese and more cheese on a dog...  mmm mmm gettin' hungry just thinkin' about it.Notes:~ It's also dog friendly, as they have a water bowl next to the patio.  ~ Please don't waste your money on garbage like K/Casper's or Wienerschnitzel.~ My coworker/friend, Aaron W, SPANKED my other coworkers in the competition.  Check him out, as he made the Spanky's Hall of Fame!  HOT DOG IT UP!!!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>LEGIT Vietnamese in San Ramon? What the Pho?!I've made quite a few trips to Pho Sam, with each trip validating my previous, positive experience... These guys have consistency down to a science (even to-go!), so I felt compelled to show them some love...Again, a majority of my visits have all been To-Go & it's extremely rare (regardless of where you go) to get a decent bowl of DIY Pho, particularly w/ the clumpy, impossible to separate noodles & bland-ish broth... Here however? Items are extremely fresh, generous noodles (though aren't mashed into the container), fresh veggies, broth flavorful & scalding hot (meatballs included in the #18, Pho Dac Biet), etc... When I get home to prepare my soup, it looks (& tastes), just as good as if I were to eat-in... Broth temp is PERFECT & hot enough to safely cook the sides of rare beef, without having to first reheat in the microwave...The #11 (Hu Tieu Thap Cam) is delicious as well, with practically every spoonful including hearty chunks of chicken breast, ton's o' shrimp & strips of fish-cake... VERY good & may have just been promoted as my personal fave...They do a decent job on the Banh Mi here as well @ $4.95 which is about double the cost of their SJ counterparts, but they don't skimp & still relatively reasonable in price, particularly when comparing to other lesser-quality options within the area...Goi Cuon during my initial visit seemed to be missing sprouts, though subsequent visits proved that it was just a fluke. Ingredients are very fresh, sprouts crunchy & sliced pork as tender as it can be (especially for goi cuon, if you know what I mean)... Great peanut sauce as well & even better once you add Sriracha to balance out the sweet with some spice. Definitely glad I gave the rolls another shot since they do a very good rendition here (not to mention being a "regular" & welcomed side addition as a result)...I'm very happy (ecstatic actually), to have found this hidden gem, tucked away in such an unassuming location/strip-mall (between Fresh Millions & Beer Area Liquor store)... It's close to 1AM, I've got touch of Insomnia & now craving a bowl of Pho... Great thing is? I don't have to drive all the way to SJ to satisfy my cravings... Oh yes, I'm a regular...
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Yum! After a great bike ride along the Lafayette-Moraga trail, this delicious little spot was the perfect place to stop in to sit in the sun and enjoy some quality, authentic Mexican.The menu at this place isn't as expansive as some Mexican joints but I was happy to see a wide range of tortas and plates.The guacamole and salsas were top notch. There was a variety of salsa to choose from but I was pleased with pico. While the chips and salsa aren't free like some places, they do have unlimited free refills.I enjoyed the vegetarian burrito which was perfectly sized for a post-ride meal and my buddy who is a regular chomped down on some delicious tacos. The tacos looked excellent--lots of meat and well seasoned. I'll have to try them next time! My veggie burrito was well stuffed with beans, rice, veggies and a healthy serving of guac. We came around 4 pm and while the service was a bit slow, they did it with a smile. To their credit, it looked like they weren't expecting an early dinner rush.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>About time. .. . a new hot spot in Oakland! I checked out this place yesterday after the A's game and I was really impressed. The inside is really spacious and everything looks shiny and new. When we first entered the diner we were greeted by a couple different employees, which was awesome. It was kind of empty so I was a little sketch about eating there, but later I found out why. Since the diner is new they haven't finalized their hard liquor Ls, they have wine and beer only. The menu has typical American food, but they're missing a few favorites! I was really craving a BLT after a full day of drinking, but they didn't have it on the menu. When I asked my waitress about this she said they can make it for me without it being 1,000$. Haha and when I received my bill it was only 7.95 with french fries, not bad at all! They don't have Blue Moon, but they have Shocktop on tap. They also have 2$ mimosas which are pretty strong
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Holy crap, I don't deserve this!!They're a little pricey, to be sure, but for the quality it's a bargain. I got there right as my massage started, which meant that I couldn't take advantage of the showers and spa beforehand. I made a note to hit that up later. David is a magic man! He was very professional, gently guiding me from the waiting room to the massage room with his hand on my back as though I were a cherished child.The Swedish massage was amazing. David hit all of my tension without causing any pain, and I've had a few really uncomfortable massages in my day. I think he could tell when I seized up in anticipation of pain, and then he would back right off. I asked him to focus a little on my shoulders, which he did without ignoring the rest of my body. Other points I really enjoyed: scalp massage, foot massage and forehead massage. I would have enjoyed if he'd used the same technique on my hands as on my feet, but perhaps that effort went to the shoulders. no complaints here.After my massage, David guided me back to the locker rooms where I learned an important lesson: rich people use a LOT of water! The shower had nine heads!!! It was crazy and I'm still not sure it's necessary. I personally didn't find it any more comfortable that a single-headed shower, and I fretted the whole time about the drought. Well, admittedly, I could have used the single-headed wand, but didn't. ;-)Then there was the spa. Clothing optional, but I was the only person who was nude. I was too relaxed to feel awkward. Jets, amazing view, wet towels with ice on them... What more could I want? Validated parking. Which they have. Jam!One more note: I forgot my wallet at home and they were TOTALLY cool about it. I didn't realize until I was already in the parking lot 15 minutes before my massage, which was nowhere near enough time to run home for it. I scrounged up a few documents from my car (insurance, work badge), and the manager let me use the credit card on file. I appreciate that. In a world where no one trusts each other, the faith was quite refreshing. And so was the cucumber ice water.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I love this place!  I was so happy when they finally opened their doors a few weeks ago.  I have been waiting since January for opening day.  This past Sunday they had a proper grand opening celebration & beer lovers from all over the Bay Area came out to celebrate!There is plenty of seating & two outdoor patios.  If you visit on Thursday you can watch the band play at the weekly farmer's market.  The beer selection is constantly changing.  They have a nice mix of local beers (Rare Barrel, Faction, High Water, Altamont, Heretic, to name a few).  Check the menu screen for the current beers on tap & what's on deck.  The little keg icons next to each beer show how much is left in the keg.  Cool!  It also shows the type of glass your beer will be poured in.  The only thing missing is the IBU's, something I am personally interested in so I don't order a super hoppy beer.  If you're not sure what to order, ask!  The staff are super friendly & very knowledgeable.  They are more than happy to give you a taster of any beer.  It's so cool how they have their radio studio right in the taproom.  If you're lucky enough to visit during a broadcast, you may learn a thing or two about beer.Congrats to the folks at The Brewing Network & thanks for bringing this great little hangout to downtown Concord!  I can see I'll be here pretty often.
