<review# 1,isUSA=True>After attempting to eat at Taco Mama several times but being intimidated by the crowds and lack of tables to actually dine at, I finally got to eat here! Apparently Monday nights aren't crazy busy. Just a note!Definitely recommend the queso with chorizo to start. Not sure what it is, but the chips seem to be sprinkled with something a little extra that makes them even more delicious than your average fried chip. For my meal, I choose to build my own burrito bowl. If you want leftovers (and you do!), go for this option - there was more than enough for two meals.My husband seemed impressed with his Alabama Redneck taco basket, and my dining companions loved the Hippie Fisherman burrito they shared. My friend and I decided to do a little experiment since we were the ones who ordered: we ordered a pitcher of the 'skinny' margarita to see if the others would notice. Our husbands could not tell the difference and were shocked the margaritas they had been drinking were 'skinny' ones.Service was excellent, but it sure does get crowded! Just come a little early, grab a table outside, and people watch in the village until you get hungry.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Overall, the Yelp Bottletree: 5 Star Karaoke Party was another great event hosted by Will, Aimee, and the rest of the Yelp crew! The ambiance, awesome Good People beer (IPA & Pale Ale), food (vegetarian fare), fun antics, music, and karaoke was lots of fun! I enjoyed chatting with many of the familiar and new faces of the Birmingham Yelp community! In addition, there were lots of interesting and cool people who stopped in for the event. Heck, I think I even found a new yoga instructor (the lovely Ms. Allie of Birmingham Yoga) as a result of meeting some new local people. It was an eclectic mix of mingling with people, enjoying local brews from Good People Brewing, eating delicious food from Bottletree (hummus with warm pita bread, vegetarian Viking funeral dish with sweet potatoes, vegan chilli, and pimento cheese), the amazing backdrop of Bottletree's understated cool vibe, Monday night $1 wells, and entertaining karaoke singing! Thanks for all of your hard work Will, Aimee, and the rest of the Yelp staffers! Each of you are such gracious hosts and local business advocates. You should definitely stop by Bottletree for a local concert or event if you have not because it is always a good time :)
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Best BBQ in town.  hands down.3 locations:Homewood (original) - awesome lunch spot but since it's small it gets crowded fast and people hover over you.Avondale - even smaller than homewood.Crestline - best set up of them all but surprise, it's super crowded.  expect a 1.5hr wait at any point in the day. also, really terribly slow service.  park on the street.all of this is worth it.  i promise.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>For this review, I'm comparing Cantina Laredo to Americanized Mexican restaurants and to upscale chain restaurants. Because we all know this ain't Gordo's.Anyway, Cantina Laredo stuns on both counts. It's beautiful, it's spacious, it has a massive rooftop bar right under the Jumbotron. This week they'll air the first 'Bama game, but I wouldn't care if they were airing peewee hockey, I just want to go before word gets out about their sweet set-up.I went for lunch today, and it was my first visit. They bring two kinds of salsa to start; one is served warm, and it's out of this world! We also got the tableside guac, which is fun and a good show. The chips are too thin to manage the guacamole, but the flavor was great. My entrée was the molé chicken enchilada, and the lunch portion was just the right amount after chips and dips: one enchilada with a side of rice and grilled zucchini. The molé sauce was thick and rich, and the rice was just perfect. Even my unsweet tea was extra-refreshing. My only small complaint was with the zucchini, which wasn't the perfect complement to my Mexican lunch. Still, I'm always glad to get a fresh vegetable with my meal.The service was top-notch from all parties, with multiple managers stopping by to make sure our meal was delicious or invite us to check out the party deck. All-in-all, the experience was very resort-like. You'll appreciate the break in your work day, though you'll realize you're in the wrong business. They're going to be printing money come football season.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>What a welcome addition to the neighborhood! We used to venture to the Pepper Place Farmer's Market every Saturday for these same veggies, now I can walk to this market every day if I want. We love the owners and the delicious, healthy produce offered. I really hope they are successful in their new location. I know we'll do our part.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Amazing food. Amazing service. Great atmosphere. Perfect fall day today with the "windows" open. The lamb sliders with chimmichuri were amaze. I love the vino verhde and the carnadas portas with house made pickles were delish. I want to try everything on the menu. It is a great place to go with friends and order a bunch of items on the menu to share them all. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Restauranteur David Kahn has done it again! Found a recipe for success and meeting a niche need in the Birmingham market; quality pizza made to order and cooked quick..120 seconds! Get it? Pizza 120.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Love when new restaurants/bars hit the Lakeview area, as it's walking distance from my place of work. The name alone for Jack Brown's had me hooked--beer & burger joint? I'm in, automatic. My first visit was on a Monday, so I tried the Monday special--chile verde burger with roasted jalepenos and pepperjack cheese. The burger was great--meat was tender and flavorful, and passed my burger test--no condiments needed. The cheese and peppers added great flavor and a tiny kick. The crinkle-cut fries were on point as well, and the sauce...so good I wanted to ask for few extra cups of it to-go! Looking forward to coming back after work hours so I can enjoy the beer list, which looked impressive.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>This was by far the best cell phone store I've been to. The way the AT&T staff makes you feel at ease with all the amazing technology offered rather than trying to aggressively sell you something is a breathe of fresh air. The AT&T Home area was definitely my favorite with it's home automation techniques.Really glad AT&T opened their doors for us to show this great store off.As always our community manager pulled off a great event and the added bonus of Green Central Station food and Good People Brews was just icing on an already great cake.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I love Rojo. My boyfriend and I go here ALL the time. The atmosphere is great, its a cool, casual, neighborhood place that has everything. Burgers, nachos, mozz sticks, chicken tenders, burritos...what more could you ask for? The desserts here are to die for also. I recently had the pleasure of inhaling a molten chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. It may be my new favorite thing to eat..ever. This place is great.
