<review# 1,isUSA=True>Good Southern Country Cooking on a Lazy Susan in the middle of your table. Bea's has been in business for 50 years. Great Fried Chicken, homemade yeast rolls, good pinto beans, Mac & Cheese...Good Southern Cobblers too. This is the place for folks who are from the South and like Southern Cooking you would have at home. Paula Deen would like this place too....
<review# 2,isUSA=True>This is hands down the beat meat quality that you will find at any barbecue restaurant. I also love that they make everything fresh in house right down to the sauces. Not sticky goopy sauce either. You can eat a lot and not feel like you have a brick in your stomach. Also love that you can mix the sauces for just the right combo for your taste palate. My one suggestion is not to forget to douse your meat, no matter what it is, in the Clearly Sauce. You might think it would be hot at first glance. It is not. It brings out the flavor of the meat and makes it SO good. The staff here is always friendly and go out of their way. They are always helpful with any questions for first timers and make great suggestions as well. And the view is one of the best in-town. I only give this Sugars location 4 stars because the menus is missing my favorite item that they make and serve at the downtown location.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Googled Soul Food and found this hidden gem. We went during Christmas break and the entire restraunt was decorated according to the season. This was the first time I have had soul food and even though I tried to look knowledgable in Soul I decided to ask the waiter what he recommended. He suggested the chopped steak, something I have never had, did not know what to expect and was absolutely blown away with the flavor that came with my meal. I was with a party of 7 and the chicken and waffles seemed to be the crowd favorite but if you want to try something new and different go with the chopped steak.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I ate here last night with a party of 9.  Two of the 9 were children ages 5 and 2.  The service was good and the waitress was very attentive.  This was my second trip to Bi Ba's.  The first time the only thing ton the menu that was gluten free was a salad topped with a grilled chicken breast.  They have recently updated the menu to include some gluten free pasta choices.  I was very impressed that not only were they offering gluten free penne, which is the usual selection for gluten free pasta when dining ou,t they also had gluten free spaghetti.  I failed to order the salad without croutons and my waitress remembered for me.  The manager served my gluten free pasta plate and twice asked for my input on the dish.  The food was good as was the service.  I will be eating their again.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I really liked this place.  Paid an impromptu visit while on a last minute trip to Chattanooga.  My nails were a mess. Had some old acrylic underlay with some gel on top.  I had no appointment but they worked me in, gave me a bottled water, spoke perfect English and were very thorough and detailed.  My nails look beautiful now--despite walking in with lots of chips and breakage.  Added plus:  at the end of the gel manicure, they put lotions on my hands and spent time massaging my hands and pressure points.  I thought I'd fall asleep right then and there!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>What's not to love?  Subs to burgers to fries to awesome onion rings Ankar's Hoagies rocks!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>We go here nearly every single week and love, love, love it! Everyone makes us feel welcome, the food is the best Mexican in Cleveland and service is great! We also utilize Casa Nachos for catering -- really, really enjoy this gem!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I'm not what you'd call a "buffet afficionado" -- that's a tough gig for a longtime vegetarian -- but the buffet at Sitar is excellent.   About 3/8 of the available fare is vegeterian-friendly,; all of it is fresh and of good quality.  In fact, so far everything I've tried here has been tasty enough that I'd eat it again.The buffet price is excellent and so far the lunchtime crowds haven't been too bad.  the staff is very friendly and the location is convenient if you work anywhere downtown or on the North Shore.Good Indian food, as with most ethnic foods, is difficult to find in the south.  Sitar stands up to Indian restaurants in much more food-friendly cities; this one is a keeper.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>This place is totally "badass" as the boyfriend put it! Very informative and polite staff. We asked for a tri-tip which was not in the case and the butcher cut it fresh for us, right in front of us! Very clean establishment and fresh products. If you're looking for a farm to fork type of place look no further! All meats are natural! That means NO hormones, no GMOs, etc! REAL MEAT! They also have fresh eggs, cheeses, and deli meats. We got a pound of back bacon which does not have nitrates or any other preservatives. He even told us how to cook it for the best results. We will definitely become regulars at this butcher shop!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>This is one of my favorite places to eat in Chattanooga. Go here if you have a chance. I usually get the pupusas or the Black Bean Tostadas. The guacamole is different than most places', but a must to try with the plantain chips. The complimentary sauces are delicious. I usually finish them myself.
