<review# 1,isUSA=True>I JUST had an out of body experience. I get regular massages at a massage place; however, this foot salon caters to your tootsies (and neck and shoulders) leading one in my opinion, to nirvana.It's my birthday today 6/27, so it was a wonderful gift that will definitely bring me back for not only myself, but for gift certificates and gift options for others in my life.The facility is very clean, comfortable and an extremely Zen-like atmosphere.  The room was the perfect temperature; NOT too cold, NOT too warm...like Goldilocks said, "Just right"!  A blanket was draped across my legs enveloping me in coziness which was presented in a reclining leather chair. Prior to this service, my feet were placed in a lined (for hygienic purposes) basket of warm water to soak while the knots in my neck and shoulder were released of their tension. It was truly delightful to the point that the 30 minute total experience led me to an automatic smile on my face leaving me content yet, also yearning for it to never end and the wanton feeling of wishing to exclaim out loud, "MORE please"!Will I return to this magical paradise?You bet ya!!!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Baby hot, hot, hot!!!' That's the beauty of Thai cuisine, you can order it hot,hot,hot and yet the other flavors are still prominent.  This is a itty bitty Thai restaurant right in downtown Boca Raton near Mizner Park.  I absolutely adored the interior of the restaurant with mirrors adorned on all walls with minimalist Asian inspired elegant furnishings. The important details: In my South Florida living, it's been tough finding good quality Thai cuisine.  Now for sure, this restaurant is going to fulfill my Thai cravings.  Two things I would definitely like to recommend.  The chili calamari appetizer is amazing but I wish the portion was a bit bigger but maybe I'm just being greedy! In entrees I definitely recommend the drunken noodles with shrimp.  I did not want to share any with the hubs since it was that good.  They have a diverse variety of curry entrees to choose from with different kinds of protein you can choose from. I tried the panang curry with shrimp. which was decent but I liked the drunken noodle entree better. They also make phenomenal ramen but I did not try it this time.  I would recommend doing reservations, they  are busy in the evening time !
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I had been to the old Burgers and Suds location on Commercial and enjoyed the experience, so when I noticed via Yelp they had moved I took a look at their menu and also noticed with the move seemed to come a few new additions, so I made a note to make sure to try it soon in the future since I work nearby. As Savanna M mentioned the location is not exactly easy to find. The blue dot Yelp has on the map doesn't exactly correspond to its location and google maps seemed to be having a similar issue. I'm not sure I could explain exactly how to get there as McNab road is still somewhat of a mystery to me with all its parts that don't connect, but definitely follow Savanna's advice and put one of the other nearby locations in your GPS if you're on the way. We arrived a little before noon on a Friday and I immediately noted how much larger this location is. At the previous location if you weren't there early you had pretty much no hope of sitting with a group and most of the seating was outside. The new location has a large bar area (the bar was made of brick..kind of cool looking) as well as a decent sized dining room with booths and tables and a few outdoor patio seats. It has somewhat of a divey feel, but the food is great so I don't judge the atmosphere all that much,Speaking of the food on this particular trip I was deciding between the Wilson (a burger with mac and cheese and bacon!) or the Noreaga (it has chimichurri sauce!). I went with the Noreaga because I somehow reasoned to myself that it was healthier. The burgers take a little longer than your average burger place, but when you bite into them it is obvious that they are fresh and made to order. The meat has a good flavor to it and the bun was a nice texture. I liked the chimichurri sauce a lot and thought it's garlicky/vinegary flavor complimented the burger well. There was a pretty giant piece of red onion on my burger, and I do like to get my veggies but this was a lot of onion. It was easy to remove a little of it to make it more to my liking, but if you don't love onion you may want to evaluate the situation before you take a bite. For sides they have a ton of choices. The last time I was here I went with onion rings and liked them but wasn't in love so I ordered regular fries instead. I had kind of wished I stuck with the onion rings, but the fries did have a nice seasoning to them, but I wish they had been a little more well done. People rave about the sweet potato fries here, and I have to admit they are some of the best sweet potato fries I've tried, but I'm just not crazy about sweet with my meals, I much prefer savory and salty. You also could chose a salad, mac and cheese, or rice and beans, so this isn't an ordinary burger/fry experience by any means,Our waitress was quite efficient and friendly and did a great job handling everyone as the lunch rush started to pick up. I will definitely be back as I don't think I can avoid trying the mac and cheese burger at some point, and now that we got lost once, we know where it is, so it should be much easier next time.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Though it really isn't very much of a place, I'm going to have to go Five Stars on Alchemy because there isn't another establishment like it within Wilton Manors offering a no hype, no overly commercial or gimmick free "chill out" environment like it. Hence, for what it is, as good as it gets. It isn't a place that you'd go to for lunch or dinner though they do serve small open face like sandwiches termed "slicers," which are something to nibble on, plus coffee, teas, coconut water and other drinks, nor a place to get in with the "in crowd," or one of those places to "see and be seen." What it really is, in my opinion, is a quiet respite of a place, a place to sit back, chill out, get away from it all or have casual intimate conversation with friends. Being located in a hidden somewhat reclusive setting at the end of NE 13th Avenue next to Eucalyptus Gardens in what appears to be a revamped portion of a nursery area, it has a tranquil charm all of its own. Matter of fact, to me, reminiscent of some of the hippie or Rainbow communal hangouts of the early seventies.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>You probably drove by this place a few times, not realizing what good Cuban food lies ahead. There's barely parking spots in the front but there's more behind the building. The waitresses are always friendly and attentive. I order pretty much the same entree every time - Pollo a la Plancha con tostones y ensalada (boneless chicken breast with friend plantains and salad). Depending on my mood, I may switch from their tostones for rice and beans. Despite the name of this restaurant, I actually love their RED beans more! I've also come here for their breakfast. Tried their pancakes, not impressed. I do enjoy  their egg omelet with sweet plantains - the only thing I order now for breakfast. Their fresh squeezed OJ is nice. Cafe con leche is also prepared good. The length of time to pay has only been lengthy during breakfast time. That appears to be their busiest point of their day. But I can forgive that because of their consistence in the quality of their food & friendly staff.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>I live right around the corner from D'Angelo's and thought it was just a pizza place until some friends told me otherwise! Called on Friday evening for a Saturday night reservation, no problem, when we arrived at 8pm, we were seated and I was a little nervous, the restaurant only had a few customers, however, by the time we left, not an empty seat! Our server was awesome! He recommended some wine and even brought me some too taste before ordering...he also brought out a glass of their homemade Sangria, just for feedback...it was delish! We started off with the Antipasto and Buffalo Mozzarella for the table, both were a huge hit! Two of us at the table ordered one of the specials 'Lobster Oreganato'...stuffed main lobster tail cooked to perfection with a side of Pesto Pasta. The pasta was amazing. I took 1/2 home and and hour later dug into it, I was so full but couldn't leave it sitting in the fridge, it was screaming my name! My husband ordered the Filet and enjoyed it. My girlfriend ordered another special, can't recall exactly what it was, a fish dish, and she also enjoyed it.  For desert we ordered the Chocolate Mouse Cake...so light and airy! The table next to us ordered a pizza which looked and smelled incredible. My husband and I are planning on returning to try a few more appetizers and pizza...can't wait! Although a bit pricey, I'm glad it's just not a 'pizza place'...perfect for date night!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>So I was on PGA blvd with time to kill and knowing I badly needed mani/pedi I decided to stop in the first place I saw.  I spotted the sign for the Painted Nail and walked in without an appointment.Just as promised the woman whom I assume is the owner came over to take me to the technician after a five minute wait- I was asked what service I preferred first , an option I thought was nice to be given and I decided to have my nails done first so they had extra time to dry before having to drive again. After years of having acrylics done I was shocked to see a new process being done, rather than the powder being mixed on a brush and painted on they simply dip my each nail into the powder after painting a very thin coat of glue onto the nail , the finished effect was more consistent than the old method with every nail receiving the exact same thickness of acrylic . BOTTOM LINE, my new pink and white's are perfection and I will only have my nails done this way in the future.Then my manicure technician Lee stayed with me and actually did my pedicure as well, again best pedicure I've had. The massage chairs were comfortable with the foot bath protected with a disposable liner removed after each client so its always sanitized and clean.The lighting was dimmed and I was offered tea , water or coffee twice while relaxing to soothing spa styled music. I decided to have the deluxe pedicure with extra massage time and paraffin,  I'm not sure what the price difference was for this upgrade but to me it was priceless because at the end of the pedicure I felt truly relaxed and my feet were softer than ever. Each pedicure station has its own iPad set up for your entertainment but honestly I was so lost in the R&R of it all I never used it.Overall I think this place is fantastic and I'll be driving to PGA from now on just to see Lee at the Painted Nail!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>It was love at first bite... There's a story about a girl who longs for good, authentic Italian food. She has searched high and low through the various towns where she lives. Day after day this girl searches but to no avail. Her hopes of finding this dream restaurant are fading, waning, really, dying. Finally, one day a new restaurant is suggested and based on Yelp reviews she agrees to give it a fair chance. When girl meets restaurant, it's done. She has fallen in love. And they ate happily ever after. The end. That girl is me. Sosta is almost surreal to me. After having traveled through Italy and tasted true Italian cooking, my husband and I were never satisfied with this fake, Americanized versions of Italian food. Large portions (to account for the terrible taste I assume) and terrible executions. Period.This is real authentic Italian cuisine. Don't expect ginormous Olive Garden-like portions. These dishes are normal size portions (which is GREAT!). The food is just delicious, fresh, just perfect. We had the vegetable lasagna and the ravioli alfredo. I couldn't stop repeating how great it was. I mean, I was literally blown away. The dessert we had was a berry tart with filling. Ooff. So good. The atmosphere is very cool. Very modern and lovely. The owners were so kind and friendly, very attentive and pleasant. 100% 5 Stars. HIGHLY recommended.__________________________________________________­________________________2nd Visit:Spectacular once again. Try the Bolognese Ravioli. Still dreaming about it. Tiramisu... two words: LIGHT AND FLUFFY!OMG IT'S SO FLUFFY I'M GOING TO DIEEEEEEEE!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>When I moved to Fort Laudy 7 months ago, I didn't find a need to wash my car because it rained all the time. Why give my whip a scrub down when it'll just get dirty again the next day? But then my poor car started getting really grimy.  The interior started accumulating dust and leaves and sand from the beach. And then last week, I spilled hazelnut coffee all over my trunk and it started to reek of a bad combination of milk and java. It was time to give my car a little love and attention. The car wash area is quite small, situated next to a semi-hidden gas station. I went on a Saturday afternoon around noon, and there were so many other cars there waiting in line to get washed. I felt like I was in line to get into a hot nightclub. The employee walked up to my window and suggested I should get the Executive Package, which specifically targets the interior of your car. This package was $60. TOTALLY worth it. Not even joking, my car stunk so bad from the coffee spill. But all of my carpets were washed and steamed including the carpet floor of my trunk! They washed down the inside of the car and cleaned my seats. On top of that, my exterior was shiny and the wheels were black again (not gray)! This particular wash with the multitude of cars in front of me took about an hour in all. I left the car wash with happy nose, thanks to the lemony scent they put in my car. I'll definitely be back for another car wash sooner than later. I'm never going 7 months without a wash ever again. Lesson learned.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I met up with some friends and was finally able to stop by and give this place try. Green Bar & Kitchen is a nice addition to the area, especially since there are not many vegetarian or vegan restaurants in Fort Lauderdale. I ordered the buffalo tempeh and loved it! The buffalo sauce spicy was delicious, the texture of the tempeh was nice and firm, and the bread fresh. I will definitely order this again, but will see if they can toast the bread just for some added texture/crunch. One of my friends ordered the garlic hummus wrap and said it was amazing. Another ordered the mac & cheese, which is spiraled zucchini with a cheese sauce... Doesn't really taste cheesy (taste more like a tangy dressing, reminiscent of the tang you would get from cheddar cheese) but it's still delicious. The only thing that I was not a big fan of was the dehydrated flax crackers that came with another friend's garlic hummus. The crackers were not very crunchy and I had a slightly bitter aftertaste. I am not letting that affect my overall rating since it was not something that I ordered personally. Overall... I will definitely come back and really looking forward to trying one of their veggie burgers. Oh... I should probably talk about their staff/service... No complaints! The young lady who took my order was extremely nice and friendly, and gave me some good feedback when I asked for some suggestions on what to order. Please give it a try!!
