<review# 1,isUSA=True>This is one of our favorite spots in town, and it's always followed by a trip to El Bollilo. I struggle to call this authentic Mexican food considering I know how my Mexican MIL cooks, but it's definitely not typical Tex-Mex. This is more like regional Mexican food with a modification for the Houston audience, and keep in mind that Houstonians are pretty discerning when it comes to Mexican food. But it doesn't matter how we label this food, just EAT IT. GET THE CARNITAS. This isn't shredded pork in sauce a la Freebirds, but rather chunks of beautifully caramelized meat served with rice, beans and tortillas. My husband absolutely loves this dish and always has leftovers.If you're not in the mood for pork, go with LA CHELY plate. It comes with a chicken enchilada in verde salsa, a beef fajita soft taco in a fresh flour tortilla, and a queso puff! I like this plate because it allows you to try multiple sauces and meat preparations. The menu is extensive, so you're bound to find something you like. Teotihuacan is a Houston gem!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>After thinking about it for a couple wks...well months, I finally decided to stop here and give it a try. You never know how long a business is going to last in this space, since many have come & gone.       I ordered the 3pc catfish filet w/ fries and also a link of fried boudin. Wow, the size of the filets was nothing short of impressive! Nice & crispy with a light seasoning that's not quite a match for my usual at "The Fish Place" in Missouri City but I know every cook does it a little different. I like that it wasn't greasy and the fries weren't those super skinny ones, but the kind that are worth the calories with seasoning too. The boudin was ok but next time I'll ask if I can have a regular link, not fried, if possible.I'll definitely be back. Good prices & well worth another visit!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>In the infamous words of my bro Patrick Y., "House of Bowls is my shiz." I wholeheartedly agree.  Living right next to Chinatown has its benefits such as me having constant access to Taiwanese and Chinese food.  Its cons include my increasing waist size and braving through the crazy Bellaire traffic and drivers to get some grub.I initially stopped by House of Bowls during my lunch break and grabbed some fried noodles.  I honestly have no idea what I ordered.  I blame the flurry of meetings I had that week for clouding my memory.  All I remember was that whatever I ordered was tasty and that the portion was HUGE.  It also took about 15-20 minutes to get my to-go order.  Needless to say.. I ended up taking a really long lunch.  Oops.The second time I visited House of Bowls was when the boyfriend and his siblings stopped by Houston during their crazy tri-city road trip.  All I was told was that there were 3 hungry boys and 1 hungry girl.. and that they all ate quite a bit.  And if they're related to the boyfriend, I knew that the statement "eating a lot" was an understatement...  The boyfriend is a food devouring disposal.  Do you know how terrifying it is to date a 25 year old food eating machine?  I digress..For the group of 5 of us, we ordered the black pepper beef spaghetti, curry shrimp fried rice, some noodle dish the boyfriend was dead set on ordering, and two orders of the chicken wing appetizers (btw thanks Pat Pat for the Facebook suggestions and snarky comments about me not inviting you - sucker).  Unlike the time I ordered lunch, the entrees for dinner came out with lightening speed.  Of course the entrees came out well before the appetizers but what do you expect from a Chinatown?  Hah, orders coming out in order at an Asian restaurant?  That's hilarious.We demolished the food.  Well, the boyfriend and his siblings demolished the food as I watched the spectacle in awe.  I was a huge fan of the curry shrimp fried rice and the black pepper beef spaghetti.  For the random noodle dish we ordered.. well.. it's probably a good thing that I don't remember what it was because it wasn't memorable at all.  And then those chicken wings... hmm.. those chicken wings were super crispy and tasty. My only regret from my recent visits is not trying out the house special spaghetti.. Something about Canadian bacon and an egg on top of noodles sounds delicious and makes my mouth water.  But that's on my list of things to try on my next visit.House of Bowls is solid.  Huge portions, cheap and delicious food, and has the ability to satiate my food eating machine of a boyfriend.  Yay.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I love this place!!  It's a hidden gem in the heights and can easily be missed when driving by.Their Italian food is authentic.  It's a small sit down restaurant with a deli when you first walk in.  Every time I've come, it's always been packed!  Service is friendly and prompt.  Food is amazing!  I've tried their mussels and calamari.  Robust flavors and everything tastes so fresh.  Hubby gets the pasta or their special which consists of a variety of meats.  You can't go wrong with any of their menu items.  One of the best Italian restaurants in Houston!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>The first time I came here, the ceiling fell on a couple eating near the windows. Yes, the ceiling fell on top of them and so did a ginormous water balloon. Both of them and their food were soaked. If you don't want that to happen to you, get your food to go.This is my second favorite Vietnamese sandwich shop after Don's in Chinatown. The sandwiches here are MEATY and cheap. Get #1 - chargrilled pork with pate. Also while you're in line, grab a bag and stuff it full of egg rolls. They are addicting and practically free.I wouldn't recommend the pho here. Something about the broth is a bit off. Save your money for Pho Saigon across the street.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>I have visited a handful of times, and Springbok is always solid, if not excellent.  A long bar along the left, plenty of tables scattered, high ceilings, an upstairs and balcony area.  Really a big area.  Plenty of TV's, and they are always showing rugby and cricket matches playing.Sitting upstairs can be a little awkward.  There is a bar, but no taps and no beer menu.  So you are kind of guessing in the dark.  The only way to know what they have on tap is to browse the handles down stairs.  At first look, there are about 50 taps.  Though, if you look at the bar, it seems everything is doubled up.  I think both tap towers have the same beer selection (at least from what I saw).  Anyway, getting past all that, they do have a few good beers.  Most the year round and seasonals from Karbach and Saint Arnold, as well as some other bigger national crafts.  Plenty of macros as well.  All things to all people on the beer front.  Some good cocktails as well.  I have had a few Pimms Cup like drinks that are spot on.OK, drinks are fine, the food is what is really exceptional.  I don't know if this is true South African.  Though the menu does remind me a lot of the little roadside/hole in the wall places I ate at when working in Trinidad.  Which makes sense.Curry of the day rotates, and is great.  Though the lamb sausage is amazing.  A great casing that is a little coarse, and all around spot on.  Not to mention the small bites, like the deviled eggs with candied bacon, oh yeah, and or the pork belly, what the...yes please, or the chicken liver moose with blueberry and fresh baked bread...drool.  For such a small menu, everything is so appealing to me.  Just recently, I had the Oxtail, which is some of the best in town.  A ton of meat that is rich, tender and flavorful.  It is so soft, it just falls right off the bone.  Though what really makes the meal is the candied carrots and bread pudding.  Both ad texture and sweetness that balances the richness of the gravy and natural hardiness of the meat.  Just a treat.Service at the bar down stairs is always on point, though can be a little off and unorganized upstairs, or at the tables.  Though always friendly and willing to help.  A really unique menu that can be great, and at worst, just damn good.  For me, a great spot for a pre drink and great food before heading next door to the Saucer (which I think has pretty bland food).  A wonderful addition to downtown.  4.5 stars.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Every Wednesday night at 6:00, Jackie's hosts a laid back social run around Clear Lake Shores, or over the Kemah Bridge with mileage ranging from 2-4 miles, or however far you want to go. You run, you come back and they feed you free salad and pasta. How cool is that? You have a sign a waiver your first time, but after that you can just sign in for free stuff like t-shirts, koozies, etc. Now, the salad and pasta is ok but not outstanding, but it's free, so you do get what you pay for. I am not complaining, but I wouldn't give it four stars. But last week my hubby ordered a Black and Bleu burger and man it was fantastic! It was so flipping huge that next time we go we're going to share that thing!The service isn't that great; I think sometimes the waitresses don't think the runners want to order food or beer. But hello, yes we do! They also have an unadvertised runner's special of grilled chicken, steamed broccoli and potatoes for $6! I had a few bites of my friends and the potatoes taste like they came out of the crawfish boil...spicy and delish! I've never actually been inside, but I love the patio area and the camaraderie of the runners so this is definitely a four star place for that, and for that delicious burger! I want to try the pizza, as it looks so good, but haven't had a chance yet. I will definitely keep coming here for running, food and friends! Hope to see you out there as well!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Donate, Donate, And Donate! I cannot emphasize enough the power of doing something so simple. While this location isn't my normal go to Gulf Coast Regional Blood Bank location - I gladly made the drive from North Houston to attend the YELP event and walk out with that great feeling. (Honestly this was probably one of my favorite YELP community events, granted the events are off the charts, but I'm a sucker for helping out in this manner, whenever I'm eligible!) This location is comfy cozy, with needles involved, kind of a weird combination, right? But no honestly, free Wi-Fi, free parking, television at every donation station, great friendly staff offering snacks, drinks, and blankets. If you can shed your fear of needles, or if you have none to begin with Donate and be someone's hero! It's the little things that count in life, and this type of giving makes each day you live that much more important and meaningful!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>I have had a torrid love affair with coffee since my foray into the working world. Since I  haven't won the lottery (yet) and the money tree hasn't been discovered (yet), I think this symbiotic relationship will continue for the time being. However, I must still be in the honeymoon phase because every time I see an espresso machine my eyes light up with joy and anticipation. Nothing can stir my olfactory receptors like a good cup o' joe... okay maybe barbecue too.The Honeymoon Cafe & Bar is down the street from my place of indentured servitude and has been my stop during a many weary mornings. They use coffee beans from Boomtown which creates many of my favorite espresso flavored beverages. I haven't had a chance to try their food or coffee infused beverages, but I plan to stop by in the future for a nooner or a few one night stands. The establishment itself is sprawling with giant windows for natural lighting and has a nice historical, yet contemporary feel which is perfect for the revitalization of Houston's downtown historic district revival.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>A triad of us dined at Shade this past Sunday. We learned that Shade, too, is part of the "dry" part of the Heights. So, we handed over one of our Driver's License and were good to go. We all began with a question about the menu. We weren't sure what campechana (forgive my spelling) was. Essentially, it was a crab and shrimp ceviche with tons of tomato sauce, and it was super mild. They were served with delicious plantain chips. Mmmm...such a great start!It was then very difficult to decide on our entrees.  My husband went with the steak, which was not flat iron, but some tender part of the same cut. I was confused, but he did not complain, so I went with it. I had the Spiced Ahi Tuna, and it was delicious. Not at all spicy, but it was super filling. It came with a wonderful accompaniment of root chips, basmati rice and a delectable watermelon salad. I was sad that I couldn't finish it. My friend went with the scallops. I LOVE scallops, and after I saw his, I knew what I would get next time. His scallops were just ... beautiful. They came with some succotash and a side vegetable medley. I am definitely getting that the next time I'm there. Unfortunately, we were all too full to opt for dessert. So, my advice to you, leave room for dessert. It's got to be good given all the awesome food we had.Lame Moment: I had it made in the Shade!
