<review# 1,isUSA=True>Great dog park. Big open fields for small and large dogs. Not too many other dogs during the weekday. But people seem to come a lot on weekends and after their workday. Never seen dogs fight here. The dogs and people are all friendly. Best dog park we've found near Augusta.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I like this as a nice bar to hang out on a Saturday and have drinks inside or outside. The Stilton burger rocks!  One of the best burgers in town.Beer selections are pretty decent and I like the Wells Bombardier (full English beer) in a bottle. Its my go to beer when at the Boars Head. Reminds me a bit of Molly McPherson in Savannah, but much more low key and understated.Definitely the type of relaxation bar for an early Saturday walk downtown Augusta. British and American fare on the menu.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Not many vegetarian options, but their homestyle bean curd (AKA tofu) is amazing.  The sauce is perfect, and the tofu comes with carrots, bamboo, broccoli, onion, and even celery!  I usually hate celery, but everything was cooked so perfectly that I actually thought it tasted great.  All of the vegetables were fresh, definitely no gross frozen veggies here. This is my new spot for Chinese takeout, especially if *nudge nudge* they add more vegetarian dishes!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>These are some of the best cookies I have ever tasted! ...And I have had LOTS of cookies.  :) The Peanut Butter are hands-down my favorite. However, I like many other types they make. They have samples so just go find out which ones you like. The chocolate chocolate chip are really good too! I have had them make cookies for a project for one of my class presentations at Paine and everyone loved the Purple and White discs of delight! :)  I often buy dozens to give to family and friends out of town and they all LOVE them. They make cute cookies for holidays too! I wonder if a cookie cookbook has been/or is on the way! Hmmmmm? ;)
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Holy moly! One would get drunk just walking through the door.In my short time in the CSRA, toast wine and beverage has become my favorite liquor joint.  The place has an amazing selection of  darn near any liquor your heart may desire, and their craft beer selection is no slouch. The store has a true air of elegance, and it is only brought forward more by the incredible customer service. When I couldn't find a specific banana liquor, the guy helping me jumped up and went to look for it on his computer...and when I halfway expected him to go play candy crush or something, he didn't forget about me!To top it off he asked what I liked, and not only offered to pop open cases of beer so I could buy individual bottles, but then directed me to find local whisky and home brew clubs! Blew my mind!Come thirsty, my friends.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Genghis grill is a chain restaurant. I don't really like chain restaurants, but they do a bit better of a job than most chains. The idea is simple: You pick the size of the bowl, go down the line and put stuff in your bowl, give it to a guy at the end and they'll cook it for you. For some reason first time visitors here get befuddled by this and being stuck behind them in line can be frustrating.The food is good, relatively fresh, average quality proteins and veggies. The sauces are good, but not as spicy as I would like. The nice thing is they have sriracha and they'll just give you a bottle at your table and you can mix it in to your bowl when you get back to your table. They also have a bunch of little add-ons, like eggs, sesame seeds, crunchy asian noodles, cilantro, etc, to top off your bowl. Overall, the food is good, I have eaten there twice and was happy both times.On the negative side: The pre-made food that you order off the list has been unimpressive at best. They don't let you call in and order, even if you want stuff off of the pre-made list. I wanted something from the pre-made list, I had to go, order at the bar, and sit there for 25 minutes in order to pick it up. I got home only to find out the food was bland and lacking any real flavor. After that I decided I would go back and make my own bowl and just take it to go, but for some reason that too was bland, even though it was stuff I put together. It almost seemed like they forgot to put the sauce that I chose on the veggies as they cooked, and then decided to just box it up anyway. I was very unsatisfied. The atmosphere is loud, but not terribly so. I think it's good for families. The service was acceptable. The price was reasonable.So overall, Genghis grill is good if you go, eat there, and do the build-a-bowl. I would not order off the menu, and I would not take it to go.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>We had some friends bring us take out plates and it was DELICIOUS! I just read the reviews, so my rating might be different if I knew what they paid for it!I thought the sauces were terrific, especially the mustard based sauce.I don't know if N.A. can support 2 barbeque places but I hope so. They both are great!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Has most of what we routinely buy, and at prices less than similar stores in Columbia, SC. We can also shop on base at the commissary but their Napa Cabbage and cilantro is less expensive and fresher. Their fresh ginger is $2/lb less than the commissary and significantly fresher. And no one can touch their tofu prices and unlike the commissary they always are well stocked, so it is worth a visit for vegans just to stock up on basics. Much of their Chinese desserts and packaged vegetables happen to be vegan so it is a great treat to pick up something fun and new.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>I come here for event tickets mostly I never actually came here and shopped or looked around, which I should have but I will next time I'm here. I use to always stop here at night and gaze at all the art and posters in the window. At times they have a mix of new and legendary artists in the window. Also you may see some upcoming events advertised in the window also. This is and has been a place where you could find and purchase hard to find or out of print music and videos. I have had friends come here and located a hard to find Diana Ross album. The price was steep but they were happy they found it. I normally find hard to find albums on Amazon or Half.com so this place would be my last resort. They also sell jewelry and clothing. Noura, the business owner's daughter, is normally here when I come in and is always pleasant and willing to help. It wouldn't hurt to take a peek in here for some of Augusta's own history.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Hands down the best Mexican food I've had in the CSRA. I had the Fajita Jalisciense... it was incredible. My wife had a sopa that was equally as impressive. The attention to detail/quality of food was apparent, and the tortillas were excellent.This is an authentic restaurant co-located with a grocery store, so don't expect the same atmosphere that you'd get at Salsa's, Teresa's, or any other of the chain Mexican restaurants. But the food here blows those others out of the water.There's a coin-operated pool table in the back, which suited us well. The price was very reasonable. We went on a Wednesday, but were told that there are expanded menu offerings on the weekends. This place is definitely worth the visit.
