<review# 1,isUSA=True>There is truth in the lesson of never judging a book by its cover. The same lesson applies to Jamaica Gates Caribbean Cuisine. While the shopping plaza may appear as an "also-ran", the venue on the inside is far from it. There is a good amount of seating, a 60-inch high-definition flat screen to watch the ballgame on, good customer service, and a stage for a live band to perform when the occasion calls for it. And yes, the food is pretty good too!The menu boasts the traditional ox tail, curry chicken, etc. I tried something different with the Jamaican chicken pasta, which was quite tasty and a tad spicy for a mid-afternoon lunch. Yet that was expected. For an appetizer, the price for three Jamaican meat patties with red pepper was reasonable. The wife had ox tail, rice and vegetables. Altogether, the meal came to be close to $30, which was expected.If there was one disappointment, it was that the Yelp offer (1 free dessert per entree) couldn't be redeemed. The server mentioned that an offer such as this one had to be placed on separate tickets. It was kind of interesting to hear that, yet we didn't make a big deal. It certainly wasn't a big deal that all of the desserts were sold out due to the busy Saturday night from before. Considering that this location is open until 2 AM on a Saturday, I gave them a pass this time. Altogether, I can see why this restaurant was featured on The Food Network. Pretty good eating!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I love Pizza!  Pizza is one of my comfort meals.  I've been wanting to check out Cane Rosso for the longest and was so happy when they opened a location in Fort Worth.  We came here on a Thursday and it was not packed at all.  Thank goodness cause I heard there was always a wait here.  We were seated quickly.  We started off with the Carciofini (deep fried artichokes).   It was really good with the Calabrian chile aioli sauce that came with it.  I love going with friends as I get to sample the other pizzas that they order.  LOL I ordered the Che Cazzo as our waitress told me that this would be super spicy.  I love spicy.  The pizza sure was spicy and I loved it.  I was also able to sample the Regina Margherita and it was quite tasty with it being a simple pizza.  We also had ordered the Paulee G and it was really good as well.  The caramelized onions on this pizza gave it a great flavor.  The Caesar salad a friend had look fantastic and I want to try it next time I go here.  We enjoyed everything here including the Tiramisu dessert we ordered.Yay for opening a location in Fort Worth!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Old school dinner that just brings you back in time and reminds you of simpler times.  The regulars are a constant and well known. The waitstaff has been at it for a while.  Classic all American breakfast food served with a smile.  Stop by, sit at the counter, and enjoy a cup of coffee with pancakes, bacon, and eggs!!!  Don't forget to get a slice of fresh pie before calling it a day.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Having been to the Fireside Pies on 7th street, I was anticipating a delicious homemade-tasting pie. Thankfully, that high anticipation was satisfied once again. My girl and I both ordered two pies (more to take home!), the Chicken Sausage, and the Hot and Crumbly. I, personally, LOVED the Hot and Crumbly. Mildly spicy chorizo with tomato and basil, the Hot & crumbly was perfect for me. The Chicken Sausage, on the other hand, was very mild. However, it was quite tasty and fresh...great if you prefer a simpler pie. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I knew this was a truck that would come out to Levitt sometimes, but I got really excited when I saw a storefront in Pantego for a new ice cream place.  If I'd paid better attention, I'd have realized they were the same people sooner.Nice, small, clean little place with lots of options.  It took me too long to decide.  I finally settled on a double scoop with Keylime and Lemon Crunch.  Both are amazing.  The Lemon Crunch is like a lemon bar with its little (wait for it) crunchy bits.  The Keylime was excellent as well.  I opted to not get a waffle cone because a this point, I just spill the ice cream all over myself.  It was the wrong decision.  My girlfriend's waffle cone came with a little plastic holder.  Drip ring and all.  It's brilliant.  For so long I've been getting that napkin wrapped around the cone at every ice cream place ever.  The napkin inevitably gets sticky with drippings and then tries to become a part of your cone.  I don't care how good your cones are - napkin flavors don't compliment it.  I'd give them five stars just for that brilliant little holder.Either way, I had some samples from around the table and from other times at Levitt.  The Cookies & Cream is not your every day vanilla and Oreo.  The mint chocolate chip is also very good.Great employees round it out.  Everyone was very friendly and understanding.  Especially when we failed miserably at making flavor decision in a timely manner.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Saw the reviews and thought I'd give a shot for something different. I finished morning appt. and found myself here at 10:20 but they didn't open till 11am. Friendly young man let me sit at a table and work for 30min until they opened, nice help since I'm a road warrior today.About 10 different choices from across the pond and several other local options like Italian, burgers, philly and some summer specials like grilled salmon, Cobb salad. Decided to go Shepard's pie and no regrets. Got the lunch portion which was still about double a normal lasagna portion. Not an expert but had good consistent flavor throughout and not bland like I feared.Service was good and glad he talked me out of appetizers too. They gave me a nice and warm garlic bread while waiting and the single bite turned into whole roll. Could be a great hangout with small bar and about six stools and 15 tables. Will definitely return.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Walking in was like walking into my families home! Greeted right away with a warm smile and hand shake! We were seated right away in a surprisingly roomy restaurant. The service was exceptional and prompt. The salsa tasted as if it was hand picked from a garden with the perfect amount if spice! The queso was creamy and flavorful. The complimentary chicken soup was incredible! And this is coming. From someone who doesn't even like soup!  The flaming margaritas were stunning as well as some of the strongest and best tasting I've had! The spicy beef and shrimp fajitas were tender and extremely spicy, although the shrimp was a tad bland. The beef was tender,  melted in your mouth. The chicken enchiladas were creamy, rich and delicious! Only.complaint is they don't offer dessert and drink prices are rather high. But the strength of our drinks, I don't mind! Will definitely be back for more!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I love dining out in Fort Worth, and this place is no different!  Things you need to know:1.  Complimentary valet, so enjoy it and don't forget to tip!2.  When you comment that YELP says the pad thai is not that spicy, the chef is about to show you how spicy a 6" plate can get!3.  There'a a lot of new waitstaff here, and some are still learning... be patient.4.  Many of the plates are very large, or as we call it: Shareable!  (ever heard of dim sum?)  Everyone order a dish, and then share as a table... will be cheaper, and you get to enjoy a wide array of options!5.  Most of the lower reviews were because of the sushi... and so is mine... it didn't blow me away... but the lobster and crab flatbread was great!I give this place 4 STARS.  The sushi was a miss, the waitstaff was learning, and for the price it was a bit higher than the quality.  However, we see these as items that can easily be mended!  We enjoyed ourselves, and will certainly be back!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Happy hour 5-7 daily with food and drink specials! We ordered the spring rolls, spicy tuna and crab nachos, philadelphia roll, salmon and avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and pho. The food came out really good! The sushi tasted pretty fresh and the pho broth was really flavorful with very sweet and juicy flank meat ( I always ask for it raw on the side so I can put it in when they bring out everything) and the spicy tuna and crab nachos were exceptional! Service was very friendly and ambiance was nice although a little too dark for my taste. Brownie points for having those steel bars in the restroom for the elderly, or disabled to help with balance (or in my case, just a bad case of post leg day soreness from the gym across the parking lot). I'll be coming back for the crawfish!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I really cant believe I haven't written a review about the best thing the City of Keller has to offer and its free. When I first moved to Keller, the library was this dim unwelcoming government style building that really didn't encourage patrons to come in much less utilize their various programs. Fast forward a few years and things have changed dramatically.The facility is now bright, airy, and welcoming. Yes - the library can tend to get noisy but i love the fact that people are utilizing the library and that means funding! If you need a quiet space to read there are various nooks and comfy chairs scattered around the building including an awesome outdoor patio equipped with chairs and tables. They have plenty of power outlets for those there to study or work remotely. If the kiddies are being too rowdy inside (yes there is always one brat running wild in there unfortunately) the library has study rooms available for use that have doors so it blocks out most of the noise.The library also has a number of activities and events going on throughout the week that include Adult learning classes, reading sessions for kids (toddler through young adults), book clubs for adults, weekly movie night with popcorn, summer music progams for all ages and more.Their selection isn't the largest but on their online catalog you can request books, movies, or music to be reserved and picked up at the library from other branches in the Ft Worth network which greatly extends your literature availability. You can also manage your account including renewals online as well which is a huge huge time saver. They also just installed a new fancy schmancy check-in tool that scans in each item you return automatically. If the facility is closed when you return your books, theres a drive through drop-off slot on the side of the building to return your books or you can go to the city hall parking lot and drop your goodies off in the designated drop-box there to be returned.Your library card number also unlocks a treasure trove of online goodies such as three weekly music downloads via Freegal, language lessons using Mango, magazine subscriptions through Zinio and more. Its not perfect and there are limitations but I appreciate the content that is available.The staff here is always pleasant, knowledgable and friendly. if you have active kiddies, theres also a nice park immediately next door for them to play at.
