<review# 1,isUSA=True>This place is on point.  Great bagels,  cinnamon rolls, coffee. Free Wi-Fi,  lots of outlets to plug into.  I usually order an everything bagel with plain cream cheese.  My son loves the cinnamon rolls. They started serving protein shakes,  so I may have to stop after coming to the gym.  Love this place.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>This place has been a staple in the UTEP/ Cincinnati district. They do a good job of BBQ, they have changed their menu to my surprise. On this trip I had the small combo platter with brisket, sausage, beans and coleslaw. The beans could have been a little sweeter but all in all they are very good. If your in the area give them a shot, they arnt the Stateline but they do well.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>This has been, by far, the best ranch I've been to for horseback riding.  I looked around El Paso when I moved here, and nobody else really cut it.... but when I found El Paso Trail Rides, I didn't look back.  I usually go out on two hour rides through the desert of New Mexico.  Every horse I've been on has been great.  They are well mannered and responsive.  This is a great place for new riders to come.  I have rode with brand new riders and by the time they finish a ride, they are all smiles.  The staff is professional and takes their time with every rider.Definitely a great way to get out and enjoy a few hours.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Def an El Paso favorite, right in line with the southern comfort food trend that's taken the nation. Service is friendly and hipstamatic. Cocktails and beer well selected to compliment the food and decidedly for people with good taste in etOH. So not the sort of hipster crap where you drink Natty Ice or Bud Light and "enjoy." I've been for lunch dinner. The littles are welcome always, but be warned - super tight dining room. No running room. A wait is likely. My lunch lobster tomato soup and grilled cheese was better than the grits and pork I had for dinner. The bread pudding is really delicious!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Outstanding.  The food I remember from the 90s is back. Lili is awesome.  We had Mongolian beef, Gen. Tao's chicken and Chicken Fried Rice, egg rolls and soups. All absolutely awesome.  For those who are regulars, beg for her to bring the ONION PANCAKE to the menu.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>At last!! we got a gem in the west side of El Paso.Loved it, will come back again and again!The imaginative creations impress us with great flavors! Between my husband and myself ordered lots of plates that we enjoyed and we are looking forward to go back and try new ones. Without doubt, this is the best and most creative sushi restaurant in El Paso. Wonderful evening of great food, every plate is impeccably prepared.We followed Ji and Yoshi recommendations and we did not regretted. The service was amazing and we recommend to try it! We certainly will again!!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>We used to frequent this location when it was Amuse. We liked the hand-cut steaks and the homemade béarnaise sauce. Sadly, like Crust, another restaurant in the same shopping center, Amuse went out of business.We didn't try the sushi during the days of Amuse. I was told the Korean partner who operated the sushi bar took over the restaurant, to re-launch it as Koi. I can't attest to this, as I don't know the proprietor, however,  I can most certainly attest to the skill of the Korean sushi chef, Ha Khun, and the amazing quality and freshness of the seafood.Ha Khun goes by the nickname Cancun, which is how the Hispanic staff, including his sous-chef, refers to him.Although their sake list is not as good as Sunny's, primarily because they don't offer Wakatake Onigoroshi and their top sake is grossly overpriced, their sushi is phenomenal. Like the best sushi restaurants in Denver, Koi receives shipments of fresh seafood from global seafood markets and distributors on a weekly basis. Technically, the best evening to visit is Thursday, or Wednesday if their shipment arrives on Wednesday afternoon instead of Thursday morning.We always start with a custom sashimi platter. Khun has always included Kumamoto oysters with a scallion and wasabi oil/relish, and ama-ebi (raw prawn) with its crisply fried, prawn head. This platter is world-class, seriously.Other excellent dishes include the Volcano Roll, and a roll with shrimp and small jalapeño slices (I don't remember the name).I happen to love uni, sea urchin roe. Koi is the only restaurant in EP where I have enjoyed uni. It was fresh, creamy, and delicious. Unfortunately, they don't always have uni, but when they do, it's excellent.The service is also excellent, Oscar is our usual waiter. The atmosphere is terrific, with live music on Friday and Saturday nights.My only food criticism: the miso soup is a bit thin, it would taste better with more miso.My only general criticism: they didn't tell us the new medium-high-end sake's price until we received the bill. I had to have CPR to recover from the shock. :DAll in all, I have no hesitation in saying this is the best sushi restaurant I have found in El Paso. Its sashimi is world-class. I highly recommend Koi Japanese Fusion.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>First time here with my husband this weekend for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised. More upscale than I expected for the location, and a very nice atmosphere for both dining and people watching. They serve fresh breads with many of their lunch items, and the zucchini bread was delicious. I had the salmon salad, which was cooked perfect and had a wonderful dressing. My husband had the pork salad which had a great presentation and he said was tasty. Many nice options on the menu, both healthy and not :) Overall a great place to add into the lunch rotation, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>After a trip to the El Paso Airport with friends, the 4 of us decided to have pizza for lunch.  We were not disappointed with our choice.  First of the side salads with our pizza was real nice with fresh greens, little tomatoes, walnuts, and pear slices.  The wood fired pizzas were outstanding.  Our friend's Smoked Mozzarella Pizza was topped with sliced yellow peppers, sausage, and smoked homemade cheese.  My wife and I had two pizzas, so we could bring home some of each for later.  The Marguerita Pizza with red sauce, basil and homemade cheese was delicious and my Marinara Pizza with red sauce, oregano, and garlic.  I did add sausage and fresh homemade cheese.  My pizza was also outstanding.  Service was very good.  Would definitely return.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>a black belt teaches the classes here and I love how he interacts so good with the kids! classes range from young children to adults of all ages.  this place is always full in the afternoons so seating for parents is limited.owners are really nice and the whole ambiance is family friendly. they sell shirts and gi's here so you can place your order. They attend competitions and it's a great place to learn how to kick butt. My 11 years old loves it and I see whole families join and practice together. bring sandals .. because your barefoot on the mat for an hour and you get really sweaty.
