<review# 1,isUSA=True>What's that saying? "People say you don't know what you've got until it's gone."Truth is, I knew what I had, I just never thought I'd lose it!After having traveled so much for the last few months, I was fortunate enough to come back just in time for their 4th open house. From 7am-12pm, it was a day of "free yoga, food and fun!" And honestly, what's better than practicing some hot yoga with one of the best yoga communities around?! Sure, I mean you might be profusely sweating on one another, but hey - who cares! It's not often that you get to practice with about 50 yogis!Open house aside, there really isn't anything close to what The Yoga Shop has, or is. The community, the hot yoga, the instructors - I can genuinely say that after having a year of experimenting and exploring other yoga studios in the Greater Hartford area, The Yoga Shop has it. Packages are moderately priced, your first class is always free, student/military discounts, and a $15 walk-in? It's certainly fair to say that TYS is agreeably priced. The only gripe I have is that it's a bit far to get to. During the after-work rush hour, it can easily take up to 15 minutes just to get to the studio from the off-ramp. So leave yourself a good 30 minutes just to get there and be comfortably situated. Whether you're looking for a heated, athletic and fast-paced yoga class or getting into yoga for the first time, TYS has something for everyone!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Smart move by Mortensen's to still make some pretty darn good ice cream.Saturday was the first time Jason and I had the best ice cream in the area.  So many flavors to choose and they are all so different.  I had the roasty toasty coconut, which was chocolate ice cream with coconut.  OMG...my taste bud almost exploded with joy.  I also had a scoop of their signature graham cracker ice cream.The scoops were HUGE and they do not skimp on portions.  My man had the maple ice cream and it was delicious, but not as delicious as my selections.BRING CASH!  It is a cash only establishment.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I'm a huge fan of their shui zhu yu (boiled fish)!!!! I went there with some friends on their opening day (have been long anticipating their opening since it's so close to A dong), I was not let down and in fact, I think I found my "go to" place for authentic Chinese food! The interior is simple yet elegant. I was surprised by its interior size because on the outside it didn't look too big. But the food... Ugh is what keeps me droolingI can't wait to return and try some other dishes!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Comedy clubs are really in a category all their own-yes, they're dirty, seating is beyond tight, and service can be touch and go, but once you accept that and just focus on the comedy Joker's Wild is a New Haven gem. I didn't expect much when I went to the bar but I was happy to discover a great selection of bottled beer at $5 each plus a great beer special if you are into miller high life. Even more surprising was their open mic night. Of course I went in expecting a train wreck but that's not at all what it was like. There were several people I'd pay to see and hardly anybody that was really horrible. The host did a great job of keeping it moving...I have a feeling that the "five minute" time limit is pretty flexible depending on how you are doing which is a great idea.The venue is small and New Haven isn't NYC so big names don't come often, but when they do expect an intimate show with good beer and a reasonable cover.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Snagged some take out lunch on a beautiful spring day. What a picturesque view as I pulled up on a glorious spring day, Brew Bakers windows and doors wide open to let in the breeze. Friendly and prompt going staff.The Italian combo panini I chowed down on was fantastic. The substitution of a balsamic reduction upped the flavor significantly.I am only saddened that they aren't open in the evenings, thus the 4 stats instead of 5. I will surely return here when I can, but like many people I am at work during their hours and miss out on their good food and service.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Christopher Martins appeals to me because I live in the neighborhood. Is it the most beautiful looking place ever? Not really, but it's a pub. It also appeals to me because I sometimes forget to eat dinner and their kitchen is often open until midnight...Midnight people. I can always get a craft beer that appeals to me, there is outdoor seating and the waitstaff is friendly and willing to chat with you if they have time. The BEST part about CM's is that their happy hours have free food! Not just one shitty little deviled egg per person or something...buffet ranges full of wings and pasta! Note: Next door there is a fancier restaurant called Christopher Martins restaurant, which is much higher-end.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Came back for the first time in a while on a date-night with my wife.  Sat outside on a wonderfully comfortable fall night.  Peanut Butter Coconut Wings & Red's Apple Ale complemented the evening.  Instead of straight from the smoker, the wings now get smoked then fried, which can be a recipe for disaster.  However, Taino has found a way to keep all the great aspects of a smoked wing.  It's crispy from the fryer, with a hint of smoky flavor, and isn't dried out at all.  Taino has some of the best wings in Middletown, Kudos for that.The BBQ Sampler Platter was delicious, as were both sides although the baked beans could have used some more seasoning, they were a bit on the bland side.  The only room for improvement I saw could have been some lighting in the outdoor seating area.  I saw lights above but they weren't turned on.  Tiki torches would really set the mood, but not sure if they're allowed w/ fire code and all.Overall a great meal, I will continue to return.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Something for pro hikers or tiny tikes,So lace up your shoes and tune up your bikes,And head to Wadsworth for some peace in the woods,Sweat and sore muscles never felt so good.This is a great local spot in Middletown to spend a nice day outside. If you are looking to hike, print a map of the park from online and park your car on a side street where one of the trails starts. We parked on Laurel Grove Rd and it was free. If you want to park in the lot near the "beach", you'll be paying around $9 in the summer.The trails themselves were well-kept and made for a fun hike. I have a foot injury and I had no problem with our journey. There is some climbing involved near the Little Falls, but nothing extreme. One problem we did face is that the trails are not very clearly marked. There are places were the Red trail intersects with the Orange trail and the Orange trail intersects with the Yellow trail. However, all three of these colors were very similar in hue. It resulted in my group going the wrong direction at one point. There was also a bridge that was out in one spot, so we needed to jump across some river rocks. However, these are the trials and tribulations that make for a more exciting day.The Little Falls did not have much water flow, but the Big Falls sure did. There were lots of people at the Big Falls taking photos on the rocks as gallons and gallons of water dumped down around them. You can drive your car right up to the Big Falls and park for free if you're looking for a quick spot to have lunch or snap a few photos.We saw people biking, horseback riding, and jogging along the trails. We also saw various animals. Great spot in my hometown.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>We stopped in for happy hour and was shocked the happy hour was until 7pm. I swear it was 6pm before, but I'm not complaining!!! If you sit around the bar, you can get $4 wine, $4 well drinks and $3 beers as well as some tapas for $2 or $3. Last night I had the Sauvignon blanc wine which was very refreshing for such a hot day. Their wine list is pretty extensive so if you like vino, you have to check this place out. For tapas we ordered the risotto balls (it had a fancier name which I can't remember) and the Barcelona sliders. Omg, so good!!! The balls had a perfect crunch and the garlic aioli was yummy! I wanted more!!! The sliders were also great! Perfectly cooked medium burger with a little salt taste at the end that left me craving for more. The crowd is a little older, so if you are a young whipper snapper looking for a rager, this isn't the place for you...maybe check out bartaco right next door. The bartenders are so friendly here. I've also heard this place does a family dinner on Sundays as well as cooking classes....not sure if this is true but I need to look into it!!!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Look, it's fancy coffee in fancy West Hartford, so the prices are gonna be high. But for my money, it's the best cup I've had around here in a long time, so I view it as an occasional treat that will be relished.With that said, the iced coffee I had was a blend (Guatemalan and somewhere else) and with just a touch of cream was bright and round, with that hint of something dark and chocolatey at the edges, a beautiful, rich mouthfeel that reminded me very much of another favorite coffee of mine, the Dancing Goats blend, which was served at the beloved Kafe Lila in Pawtucket, RI.J René is clearly doing something very thoughtful with their roasting, and the treats under the glass domes looked tempting. The space was airy (if a just a hint over-designed/clinical feeling but that's fine! It's fine!) and the staff was helpful. I will definitely be returning to enjoy the art of J René's coffees.
