<review# 1,isUSA=True>Tacos de Muerte. I ate so much I almost died! I would have at least died happy though. My tacos de 7 Leguas Alambre of al pastor and asada were loaded heavily. It took me a second to find the tortillas under the pile of filling/topping! Nicely spiced and perfectly cooked they were very tasty. I guess the only thing I might have a complaint about is the lack of salsa choices or the lack of an adequate amount of salsa. The little1/2 full plastic to go cup of their salsa verde was tasty but I could easily have used two per taco instead of the one I got with my plate (and the two extra the waitress brought me when I asked for more. We did score a complimentary dessert plate that looked amazing but I think that would have guaranteed me an ambulance trip if added to my already overstuffed belly. Next time I'll have to split an order or have half packaged to go.  How did it take me so long to come here?
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I eat at a lot of Chinese restaurants. Bad or good, I'm Chinese and I'm always optimistic that the next Chinese restaurant will offer genuine native dishes rather than overly sweetened and overly salty western taste food.As far as Colorado is concerned my searching is over. Panda one is incredible. Panda One is legit. Despite the $1.25 counter, the kitchen in the back and the fantastic couple who put in work there are each amazing. Panda One offers legit eastern shanghai dishes. And these dishes are delicious! Most importantly to me, Panda One offers Shanghai New Years Noodles. To my knowledge it's the only place in the state. Which makes it the best Chinese restaurant in the state.I will absolutely eat here again and again and again. I hope that every one who loves Chinese food eats here.The owners are really nice and friendly. They have wonderful hospitality. I hope they flourish and continue to offer real delicious Chinese food to Colorado.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I am not sure how long the interior will last. Wicker rocking chairs, a old tv, and nintendo.  A fun concept that is for sure. . .but as it gets busier, who knows.The fun part of opening a new brewery remains timing batches, and working on the little things and having fun with an introduction to Govt regulation. As such, Grandma's House  had two IPAs, a Stout, and a Guest beer.Now the guest beer was my style - a nice strong Belgium (broken spine - another new brewery in progress i'm told). I'm glad they had it, because i'm not that much of an IPA drinker. My wife was quite happy with the Stout  the music was fun. I'm sure it was a collection of records (real record player, seriously) from Grandma's time.  Yet I recognized none of that, my grandma didn't listen to music and I grew up in the 80s.They have 9 taps, so the 4 beers really shows how much more room to grow. The place is big (behind the tap room) so as things go well i'm sure they will use more.Unique brewery style - comfort is king here. That is what is fun. Great conversation, hang out, drink some beers.  Looking forward to what they have next.Btw - some breweries really suck at beer. (looking at you dads and dudes pizza) no such issue here. No taste of metal, no unfinished odditiy. Just good decent beer.  I'm going out on a limb with a couple suggestions1 -add brewery to the title. People see grandma house and thing "southern cooking" or something. . .depends on your grandma (mine was southern indiana)
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Spuntino food and wine is one of those neighborhood eateries that make dining out so much more appealing than cooking in. Situated in the highland neighborhood, they are within walking distance of so many homes; one of the many reasons why this small restaurant is bustling, even on weeknights. The italian-inspired seasonal food is matched perfectly by the charming and minimal space, along with staff who are eager and helpful to make your dining experience great. On my last visit a couple weeks ago, I bellied up to the bar for a glass wine and a light dinner. The cavatelli pasta I had was rustic and hearty, perfect for the cool night. However, what really stood out was the polpo (octopus in italian) appetizer I had to start off my meal. Not only was the cooking technique one I had not seen before, the flavors were ridiculously good. Spuntino's take on calamari is using the octopus tentacles (that most restaurants slice and drop into a batter and fry) and molding them into a sausage-like shape using a thin casing. The 'calamari sausage' is then suveed, slow cooked in a water bath, resulting in a very tender and delicate texture. To finish off the calamari, spuntino then slices the cooked product and sears it up on the flattop before plating it with crispy fingerling potatoes, smoky chorizo sausage, house-made peperonicini peppers and a bright, herbaceous chimichurri sauce. It sounds complex but each ingredient on the plate compliments the octopus and brings amazing flavor to each bite.  I know my next visit to spuntino will undoubtedly include an order of the polpo. While it seemed very foreign, the flavors and ingredients were very approachable and beyond delicious to taste.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>This is a beautiful but challenging hike. I loved the incline and views! It is possibly one of my new favorite hikes in Boulder, Colorado. A friend of mine kept telling me how awesome it was so I decided to give it a try. Right of the bat the hike is straight up and I got a little worried. But I like a challenge so I pushed my through and ended up beating my friends time by 7 minutes. I felt so much energy by the nice people passing and encouraging me. I have to mention the gorgeous views as well. You have a beautiful view of Boulder and the Flatirons. I have decided to try to hike Sanita's once a week and try to make it up and down in less than an hour. I don't know if I can but the challenge is fun. There are so many great hikes in Boulder but this one is truly one of the best!!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>It's a new place so I'm taking that into consideration. First off, there should be a sign at the front door telling customers to seat themselves. Because it gets kinda busy and they end up telling customers to seat themselves anyway. My Pet Peeves... There were no mixed veggies. There also was either No Whiting or Shrimp...can't remember right now. But why don't you have the items on your menu. The restaurant opened a couple of weeks ago. That's not good. Now to the food...The waitress brought a huge plate to my table. I ordered the Catfish Dinner with 2 sides. Macaroni & Cheese and Greens. The Greens were bland but were cooked to a good consistency. This can be a good thing for people with High Blood Pressure and other ailments that salt effects negatively. So thumbs up for the Greens. The Catfish fillet pieces I was given were HUGE! The Fish Fry seasoning definitely had a salt flavor but wasn't overly salted. The fish could have been fried browner for me since I like my fish Well Done. All in All, the fish was tasty and I had enough leftover that I ate it for lunch and shared my leftovers with my daughter. The Catfish King may be on his way to a good business so hopefully the owner will heed my non judging review. I'm just keeping it real and love to see Mom & Pops flourish which is the reason I decided to eat lunch here in the first place. I was actually on my way to another restaurant when I spotted there Now Open sign. Good luck to them!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Hell yeah Sweet Cow!! I hate that it took me so long to get here but now that I've finally had the Sweet Cow experience, I can't wait to go back! I've followed them on Twitter for some time and usually salivate when I see pics or what flavors they have to offer. So we were in the Highlands the other night and I spotted it across the street from the restaurant we were at and vowed to save room just so we could go there.There was a good amount of people enjoying ice cream and I think we came while they were in a lull, by the time we paid, there were about eight people in line behind us. The people working there were awesome--all happy and helpful-I wish I was that enthusiastic about my job  We got to try out any flavor we wanted and the Cookies and Cream Coffee Ice Cream could have knocked my socks off (except I didn't have socks on!) Mmmmm, when can I go back??
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I think I have a favorite new Brewery, and its name is Coda.  I randomly drove by this area a month or two ago and said, "Hey, is that a new brewery going in?".  I mostly had forgotten about it until an "emergency" happy hour was organized here.  My experiences on this visit were top-notch.  Literally, the ONLY hiccup was hunting for a parking spot beforehand, and feeling threatened by the non-specific wording, along with numerous threats of towing, on the parking signs.  But,  a two block walk for even okay beer is well worth it.  I am glad to say that the beer here is outstanding.  I am not an IPA guy, but even my bitter-limited palate could enjoy the taster of their IPA enough to  realize how solid it was.  I had great service from the moment I walked in.  Several people helped us during our 2+ hours, but our primary Bartendress was Dee (as in Dedicated, Delightful, Deliberate, Definite . . . and any other positive words one can think of).  Tasters here come in little beakers.  Very cute, and easy to drink from.  Just don't think too hard about what the Anschutz Medical Campus next door might also put in these containers, and how much it might resemble a pilsner, pale ale, or amber (depending on your individual health).  The use of wood in this place is amazing.  Its beauty is not only pleasing to the eye, but you will be sorely tempted to run your hands over the tables, benches, and more.Among my favorite beers were the Belgian Wit 10 (Made with lemongrass, coriander, chamomile and orange peel. 5.2%, 16 IBU), the Rosalita (a chocolate java porter made with local coffee and African cacao nibs. 5.5% 34 IBU), and the abso-freaking-lutely refreshing Hibiscus Wit (with lemongrass, coriander, orange peel and chamomile. 5.2% 16 IBU).  When they say that  "the hibiscus lends a slight tartness on the tongue", they aren't just whistling dixie.I checked google maps, and it is a 15 minute drive (with light traffic) from my home for me to get to Coda Brewing, versus 5 minutes to Dry Dock, and 10 minutes to Two 22 Brew (pause, while I attempt to appreciate what a glorious age we live in, and how centrally located I am to several breweries).  So, I predict that should I find myself heading up to the east Colfax area, this will definitely be my first stop.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>This place is awesome. I think it might be the best shop in Denver now...especially considering it doesnt get million people long lines like two other popular places!They may not have a ton of flavors and toppings but they keep it simple and REALLY good. I had a two scoop waffle of cinnamon toast crunch and reeses puffs ice cream. Yeah thats right..the two best cereals in ice cream form. It was amazing. They also have a number of flavors of an east coast style flavored ice..its like a mix between ice cream consistency but shaved ice flavor. I was really eyeing the root beer one of that. Will be trying that for sure when I go back.The owner is a very cool east coast guy from PA..really close to where my grandparents are from. Nice to chat with!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Be still my heart.  Korean restaurant just a few blocks from my house? It has to be a dream...a delicious dream.Dae Gee has another restaurant in Arvada/Westminster and I'm so glad to have one so close. Walking in, you are instantly greeted by the booming of the Korean pop music. Make sure to call ahead if you are going in a big group.  This place barely opened but was almost packed on a Wednesday night! Currently, they don't have the BBQ grills at the tables so whatever you order is cooked then brought out to you on a hot grill.  The seafood pancake was a delicious start to our meal.  Unfortunately they do not have unlimited BBQ right now but we proceeded to order the beef short ribs, pork and beef bulbogi, and pork short ribs.  Everything was so delicious and the service was on point.Don't be shy, ask for more sides (they don't fill up the side dishes as much as I'd like).  Ask for more spicy dipping sauce with the pancake!  And be sure to have a great time drinking plum wine!  Great place!!
