<review# 1,isUSA=True>I love this place: great food, locally sourced, professionally prepared, and service with distinction. The menu at Roots definitely leans toward the kale-quinoa, veggie-vegan set, but since it's in Rutland, which is not exactly the hippest town around, it also offers a choice of options with beef, chicken, pork, emu, and seafood. We have only eaten here twice, but both times were so outstanding that I feel qualified to give Roots five stars. The restaurant is relatively small (maybe 25 seats, plus 4 or 5 stools at the bar) and we didn't have reservations on the Friday night of our last visit. Much to our surprise the host seated outside on the sidewalk where we had a memorable meal. Thank you Roots. You are an oasis in the desert.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Amazing breakfast spot, and the only place I know that does a really classic, California-Mexican cuisine. Deserves a cult following, this place. Also, totally empty before say, 9:15 on the weekends, so great for families.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>When the rotary was built, I wrote off Winooski. But then a strange thing happened. Really good restaurants started setting up shop to complement the really good restaurants already in place and now it's hard to ignore that Winooski is becoming a bona fide alternative to the Burlington breakfast/lunch/dinner scene.My wife (a vegetarian) and I (a carnivore) have been to Sneakers a handful of times in the last few years and we've left with a smile on our faces and full bellies each and every time. It's a bit of a hipster hang-out so the wait can be long on the weekends (can't speak for how busy they are during the week) but they hand out buzzers, take your number, and let you walk next door to the Monkey Bar to wait until it's your turn. What this means is you don't have to stand for 40 minutes but can instead sit down, enjoy a cup of coffee and the newspaper and think about all the tasty food you're going to soon be eating.Once your name is called, you'll be greeted by a friendly and attentive staff. While seated, you'll never feel forgotten. The waitstaff is helpful if you're unsure of what to choose, and honestly, who can blame you for being unsure? There's a lot to choose from and all of it is worth it. As I said, my wife is a vegetarian and I'm a carnivore and Sneakers satisfies both of our diets. I'm a fan of the California Benedict, the Breakfast Burrito, and the old school omelet. All of these dishes are breakfast staples and yet, it's amazing how easy they are to screw up. Sneakers gets this right every time. I also recommend the orange juice. It's freshly squeezed every day and you'll never want to drink grocery-store-OJ again.Check out Sneakers. You won't regret it.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>So happy that they're in the south end! Speeder & earls makes quality coffee and the shop is cute. Their iced coffee is superb!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Excellent value for lunch. I had the Pad Si-Ew with tofu. It was very flavorful and the portion size was just right. I also liked that it included a small salad. The only thing I didn't like was that the hot tea is served in a cup with the Lipton tea bag in it. I was looking forward to a nice pot of tea on this chilly day. My lunch companion had the Param Long Song with Chicken. I liked this dish even more than mine - I will be ordering this next time. It's a no frills, basic service restaurant, but perfect for lunch when you have a limit on time.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>This is the place to go if you're looking to shred your daily-calorie-intake budget and spend the last 5 or ten bucks in your wallet.Incredibly dense & creamy ice cream like no other. What else is there to say? Have fun!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Amazing variety! My friends and I came here for brunch on a Sunday, hoping that breakfast food was still available. It was -- and then some! They have much more than what was listed on their online menu. I got the Vermont Benedict ($12): a delicious poached egg on top of ham and a Portuguese sweet roll (SO much better than an English muffin), topped with a perfect béchamel sauce, and a hearty chick pea and vegetable croquette on the side. My fiancé got the Crab Cake Benedict ($13), which was delicious in terms of the crab, but the side of latkes were pretty burnt and mangled. Our third diner ordered the coconut rice and beans ($9), which seemed like a mistake. It looked more like nachos because it wasn't an integrated dish. The rice didn't taste like coconut at all, the beans were just heaped on top, and the chips fanned around the edges looked cheap and unnecessary. Seemed more like a cheap appetizer, than a satisfying entree. Next time, he'll have to try something different -- maybe the Cubano sandwich? We did get great glasses of brewed coffee, but they also offer full cocktails (delicious Bloody Mary's) and espresso drinks (hello, double mocha). Will definitely be back to try more menu items!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>This store is A-DOR-A-BLE with pink chairs and twinkle lights and cute merch. The cupcakes are super good, but you really only need one or two and you've had enough sugar for a week. They do a Friday night wine tasting special where you get 3 mini desserts and 3 glasses of wine for $10!!! TEN DOLLARS! It's amazing. My man and I went and it was such a fun, relaxing time. Would definitely go again. I would also recommend their iced chai which tastes like ice cream. It's amazing, though probably not very authentic (go to muddy's or uncommon for that, snob). All in all, a cute little place to stop in every once and a while.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>The ideal breakfast in a setting that is authentically Burlington! The menu choices draw upon the Vermont ideals "farm to table" and "fresh and local." I had the pumpkin-bread French toast with yogurt and cranberry relish--wow! (Next time I'll ask them to hold the powdered sugar because the pumpkin bread is sweet enough.) I love how a full bottle of real Vermont maple syrup is left on the table for diners to use. I've had the granola several times...very healthy & tasty. My son got the buttermilk silver dollar pancakes and scrambled eggs...and partook liberally of the maple syrup. Coffee is excellent...bottomless cups and freshly brewed. The waitstaff is great--around but not hovering. Prices reflect both quality of the food and the service...not the lowest, but you get what you pay for!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>One of my favorite bars in town for getting special cocktails and good wine! The downstairs makes you feel very swanky and you can relax in the large chairs and sofa while enjoying a drink and maybe some tapas. If you can get The Slow and Steady which is a great drink they make I like to have when I am there. Also the owners are super nice!
