<review# 1,isUSA=True>I can't believe it took me so long to come here - Cravings instantly became a new favorite that I'm bound to frequent for as long as I live in this 'hood.As if their regular menu isn't already perfect, the ever-changing specials are out of this world. When I saw a sandwich featuring roasted pork, avocado, heirloom tomatoes, jack cheese, fried egg, and aioli on herbed ciabatta bread, I knew I made the right choice for my food destination of the day. It was probably the best sandwich I've ever had - easily in my top five.Then, I had to top it off with a dessert to see what everyone was raving about. The decision was tough, but I went with the milk chocolate pretzel cookie. And sorry mom, but your cookies will never taste the same again. This cookie here was unbelievable - full of flavor and baked to perfection. Even the iced coffee was exceptionally delicious. From the personalized service to the very last bite, it's obvious everything is made with love.Follow the brick road and you'll find this quaint little cafe hidden behind 4th st. It's a great spot for brunch on the go or a casual lunch in for two!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Ethyl & Tank is owned and operated by the same folks who run The Crest, but if the Crest is a Clintonville hipster with a hybrid vehicle and a good job as a graphic designer, E&T is its younger sibling, the one in its sixth year of college who sleeps on a futon in its best friend's apartment and changes majors every year.  There's some family resemblance in the menu items, but the vibe is totally different.  From the retro neon-diner signage to the main floor arrangement - centered around standing-room drinking and not seated dining (there are virtually no tables large enough to comfortably sit more than a couple of people for a meal), Ethyl & Tank is a place to go for some brews.The beer selection is pretty good, featuring a fair amount of locals (Seventh Son is on the menu).  The menu is a mix of salads, sandwiches and $2 tacos in a variety of flavors.  I have to say, it's one of the best happy hour specials ever - it goes until a whopping 9:00 pm with half-price drinks across the board.  I had a beer and two tacos and my bill was $8.  The food was good, the beer was good, but for grownups who want to go out for food with alcohol on the side, not go out for alcohol with some food tossed in to help soak it up, it might not be your first choice.  And I'm sure the place has an entirely different vibe during the school year (it was nearly deserted when we were there).Still, I'd like to go back for that happy hour.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I have found true love...in the form of Udipi's buttery, flaky bhatoora and chana masala. My dining companion and I also ordered the onion dosa and onion/pea uttapam. I didn't try much of the dosa but the uttapam was almost creamy, with lots of yummy onion flavor, perfect crispy, and melt-in-your-mouth delicious especially with that amazing, addictive green chutney. Yes, I am in love. Off to compose my love songs and sonnets in Udipi's honor now.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Wow, I am getting crazy with these five star reviews.  But I can't find anything to dislike about this place, and there is a lot to like.Okay, it's sitting in kind of a wasteland.  It's right across from the casino, and everyone's hoping this area will take off but it hasn't quite yet.  I don't care about that anyway- I care about food and service.  The building itself is nice outside, and inside.  There's a lone table outside.  Inside, it's clean and comfortable.Service was efficient but not intrusive- he was there when I needed him to be.  Friendly but not obsequious.  Prices seem a bit high, but it's good quality and portions size is plenty for a growing boy.The food was simply outstanding. The flavors were subtle, but perfectly balanced.  I started with a little cabbage salad; apparently it just comes with the meal.  Very nice, fresh, vinegary, with a bit of carrot and some peanuts.  Then my appetizer, crab Rangoon.  This was a surprise- such a perfect combination of fillings.  Nothing overwhelmed anything else. Crab, green onions, cream cheese, all balancing each other.  Perhaps the best I've had.  Then the house soup, just a clear broth with veggies, but nice.  And my entree, pad see ew.  Wide noodles, Chinese broccoli, and I had the combo meats- chicken, beef, shrimp.  Superfresh veggies, excellent flavors, but again, subtle and finely matched.  So, so good.  They have a coupon for discounts when you come back, and apparently they grow a lot of the veggies.  I will be back- I'd have everything again, and there is plenty more to choose from on the menu.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Ok...so, I love this place.  I go to the taco truck when I'm on the west side.  I've been to the Godown location...and I'm NEVER on that side of town.  I LOVE THIS FOOD.  Some how, even though I only live maybe...maybe a mile from the Gahanna location - I only found out they were here last week.  So far I've been twice.  I have plans to go back on Monday.  :)So, last night I got my usual, 2 al pastor and 2 steak.  I added a pastor volcanes to see what that was all about, because I'm determined to find the goldmine item that will get my daughter to adore this place as much as I do.  Getting the boyfriend to adore it only took one bite of the onion concoction they provide.  I've never tried it, because I'd been warned of it's spice level.  When I told him that, he lit up light a Christmas tree and piled it onto his taco immediately.  About halfway through his second taco, I asked him how he liked it, he said, "Am I sweating? [he was] Then, I'm happy!"  He'd gotten the al pastor at my suggestion, and then the spicy shrimp.  We also got some chips and guac, which I had not had before.  The guac was alright, but I'll admit that I'm weird with my guac, so don't judge by my tastes on that.  It's made with serrano peppers and I've already talked about my spice avoidance.  So there's that!  LOL  The chips themselves were nice.  I think next time I'll get the chips and salsa to try out the salsa.  Back to the pastor volcanes, it was delicious, I'm definitely adding it to my list of must haves.  The melted cheese and crisp tortilla were so yummy with the meat.  YUM.Tiny rant:  To address one of the reviews complaining about the tacos being dry...the intention is for you to add the sauces/toppings OF YOUR CHOICE, which is why they provide those tableside.  2 sauces, limes, salt, and the pickled onion/pepper spicefest is quite a variety of things that add moisture to a taco (obviously not the salt).  Sushi is also quite dry without soy, and flavorless without ginger, etc. that is why those are provided on the side for you to add.  I don't get why this is such a difficult concept for some to understand.  Taco Bell tacos are AMERICANIZED, if that's what you want, then go there and have that.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Stopped here as a turn around point in a bike ride from the Hoover dam (12.6 miles each way and a gorgeous ride).Galena is a cute little town that started as an old mill town and there is about a one block section of "downtown" and that's where the galena diner is.I ordered the Molly's Benedict thinking I would eat one muffin and force the other in my friend who "wasn't hungry".  Think eggs Benedict minus Canadian bacon add real bacon and FRESH delicious tomato and spinach. Ohemgee...this was amazing...and I ate the whole dang thing!My none hungry friend ate the fruit bowl which had some yummy deliciously fresh fruit including mango and some interesting melon.The service was fast and friendly...definitely Midwest small town! There were some tables outside but they were full when I was there so we sat inside.  Nothing fancy just old school diner and clean...lots of old photos on the walls to check out.I'm looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>I stopped by for a long Friday lunch with a couple coworkers.  It's a cozy little restaurant that's clean with a lot of natural light.  We seated ourselves and were brought a pitcher of water with three glasses.  We weren't asked if we wanted anything else to drink, but their is a display case of bottled sodas.  Tea is in the back of the restaurant and is self serve.  The tea has a strong cardamom flavor with a familiarity I couldn't pin down.  After a few minutes I realized I was tasting the same cardamom flavor of Pan Parag Pan Masala (type of betel nut)!  It was hot but refreshing at the same time.We started off with three appetizers: baba ganoush , something called kadh o bademjoon, and hummus.  The hummus was my favorite.  It was very smooth and creamy; very different than other versions out there.  The baba ganoush had an almost burnt flavor.  I liked it, but probably the least.  The kadh o wasn't the prettiest dish, but it had a nice tart flavor from the eggplant skins.  these were all served with a basket of toasted pita bread.  The pita bread was dense and a little hard, but that was a good contrast to the three smoothly pureed starters.My entree was the lamb shank accompanied by rice and a salad ($13.99).  The salad itself was just a basic lettuce, onion, and tomato with Italian dressing, but it was a nice accent to the other meal components.  The rice had a buttery flavor and they give you an extra pat of butter to add.  The shank was fall off the bone tender accompanied by a rich broth.  I dusted everything with the sumac powder and had one of the better lunches I can recall in quite sometime.  I had a bite of both the ground chicken and beef kabobs and realized its hard to go wrong with anything you order here.  Everything was so flavorful and cooked perfectly.How in the hell have I missed this place for so long?  Everything is familiar but different at the same time.  The names and ingredients were the same as other Middle Eastern food I've tried, but it was still very unique.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>I'll be honest, I have absolutely no experience going to any professional soccer stadiums besides Crew Stadium. Thus, I have no frame of reference. But I can say that I like this one pretty darn well. It's organized in an efficient and easy to figure out layout. The staff all seem friendly. It's always clean. I suppose the only drawback is that when the sun is high in the sky, it gets awfully hot no matter where you're sitting because there is absolutely no cover. But that's pretty common at most sports stadiums so you just have to expect it and slather on the sunscreen and bring the sunglasses.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>well.... We walked in here on a whim, actually it was bc of the wives (happy wife happy life and all). 4 of us sat outside. The outside seating is is a little odd for four people. All the seats sit next to each other facing the road. so conversations would be tough, luckily I have huge vocal cords and am a loud talker (I am not entirely sure if this is true, just go with it). It is also a little odd since you are  facing the folks who are walking by, again I am lucky since I was given the gift of having a conversation with anyone so it was not that big of a deal. A few people stopped and asked how it was and we all said great. I can see where this could make some people uncomfortable. The food was pretty awesome, I got the chicken, my buddy got the pork belly and the 2 ladies also got chicken. We were all very pleased with our meals, infact I was stuffed, which doesn't happen often. We all got wings as an appetizer, I HIGHLY recommend them. As my buddy said such phrases, "ohh man these are tits" and "ohh these are the bees knees"! So they where pretty awesome! They are coated in a cinnamon and sugar rub, you don't expect it, just like you don't expect getting a blowie on your first date, but its a great surprise!  Just let both things happen and your day will not go wrong! During our meal we found out that all the meat came from a farm in Delaware, Oh and all the veggies were local. It says a lot about a company that gets EVERYTHING local. We came to this knowledge when the owner came out on a Sunday evening to see how everything was. Really nice guy and passionate about Ramen. I will definitely be back!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>This is what I'm talking about - a real good old boy BBQ Shack!! Seems like a simple concept - everything smoked on the premises, sides made every day, everything made to order.  No frills, just great BBQ.  Could see smoke and smell BBQ before I even got there!!  It's kinda hidden behind a Wendy's and some other buildings but it sits in its own little oasis!!Even though its only been open a few weeks, I've had about everything.  They have the meat staples down - brisket, pork, ribs, corn, chicken - they also offer turkey legs and a few other items not usually found at BBQ joints, and I'm told some seasonal offerings will be forthcoming (grilled sweet corn right now!!).First off, the brisket - nicely rubbed and great smokey, meaty flavor. Moist and served on a great bun - not the soft, "wonderbread" bun a lot of places give you, but a nice homemade bun that held up to the sauce and meaty juices.  The pulled pork was also spot-on with the same spicy-smokey flavor that is in the brisket, lean, juicy and hot.  Both delicious.  The sides were good, I've had the tater salad and beans (with lots of bits of BBQ meat and fat for flavor).  Staff tells me everything is made each day so when its out, its out!!!The best thing I've had so far were the ribs - great spicy/smokey flavor, but tender and meaty.  The rub was tasty but did not overwhelm the meat.  Could really taste the meat through the smoke and rub and they were really tender, juicy and sauced appropriately.  Slap yo momma good!!!Kind of a new concept of "drive through" BBQ.  Due to the "made to order" nature of this place, I had to wait a couple minutes in line, but it was well worth the short wait.  They have a walk-up window and picnic tables around if you want to eat there.  The staff told me that there is a jazz band outside on Wednesday nights, another pleasant twist on the normal BBQ joint in town.  The place is really new, but the BBQ already belongs with the best in town, the ribs are as good as I've had anywhere else.  Nothing not to like about this joint.  I'll drive through whenever I'm in the area!
