<review# 1,isUSA=True>Chadd's Bistro showed up on my review feed. With the great reviews and close proximity to work, I ended up here for lunch. The guy that ordered after I did said that he had also found Chadd's on Yelp and came as a result of the positive reviews. The cafe is fairly small, they only have four tables and a few stools at the counter. The staff is friendly and welcoming, they greet you as you walk in the door. Choosing what to order is the hard part. The sandwich board is above the counter and it has a everything from your basic options to the creative. Different ingredients, different bread. I had a couple of sliders: the burger and the pulled pork along with a order of sweet potato fries. My food came out quickly despite being made to order. Everything was excellent. The sweet potato fries had to be the best I've ever had. They come with a cinnamon butter dip that was unexpected, but made complete sense. Cinnamon goes well on sweet potato, why not dip in fries? A much better option than what the other places are offering (or more often, not) You could tell they were home made by looking at them. The best fries are not uniform, these appeared to be cut from a potato and did not come out of a bag. The staff is friendly and asked each customer if they enjoyed the food. One of the employees talked about how their food philosophy is to make as much of the food they served in house as possible and avoid preservatives. The ketchup others have raved about in their reviews is one of the home made items. It was the result of the process of making their own BBQ sauce (which was on my pulled pork so I can verify it was awesome). The owner, Chadd, bought a bakery in the area and all of the bread is made there, with no preservatives, and brought fresh to the cafe.They do not have fountain drinks, only bottled soda, which personally I prefer. Loved Chadd's, I'll be back to try other sandwiches.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>This is one of a very few long-standing absolute gems in Detroit.  I don't seem to get there enough.Though I'm not a resident of Macomb, Oakland or Wayne (free basis admission) counties, a visit is still worth the jaunt.  Fore a mere $8 I get to see a huge art collection, some of which are world class.  The large (it has to be) building is very well maintained.  The varied interiors are mostly reflective of the art within.  The collections, themselves, cover a wide range of styles and types.  There is something, nay, many things for everyone.There's a nice cafe in the building and the Institute offers tours and classes for art lovers.  Parking is adjacent to the DIA and won't leave you broke.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Worth. The. Drive. for some seriously smoky, judiciously juicy, decadently deeEFFINGlicious BBQ!Call ahead or order there and wait, it's all good. The smell will drive you bonkers, increasing your anticipation and salivary production. Then scamper home really fast with your treasured take-out!I tried a combo plate with brisket and burnt ends. The latter were incredible, chunky smoky morsels of tender meat. Simply stellar. They outshone the regular brisket (which wasn't bad either but I'm going to stick with the ends!). My sides were ranch fries and cole slaw. SO GOOD. The cole slaw is cider vinegar based, so an excellent compliment to the rich meat. The 'fries' are thick skin-on crispy-outside mashy-inside potato wedges. The sauces, especially the bone-suckin' house sauce, are essential, even if you end up dipping your fingers into it after all your meat is gone.My fella got a burger. Not just any burger mind you, but a burger made with freshly ground brisket...on an onion roll! Luckily he gave me a taste and it was probably one of the best burgers I've had, ever. MUCH much much muchmuch much better than Slow's (except for the mac and cheese, Slow's seems to have a crackdown on that). Really friendly service too. The portions are huge and the price cannot be beat for such quality 'que.It's a lot of fillin' food, perfect for when I'm in meat mode. I'll be coming back! A lot!!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Bishop is one of my favorite Downriver parks. It's right on the water with a nice, long pier to walk along. Parking is plentiful, either in a large lot at the entrance or individual spaces along the park. There are plenty of grassy areas where you can lay out with a book, have a picnic or play Frisbee. Numerous benches line the boardwalk and are peppered throughout the area as well. Children can play on a couple large playscapes, as well as multiple swingsets. During summer hours, there's a concession stand that sells snacks like ice cream, chips and pop. Restrooms are located on the side of the concession building. This has been one of my favorite parks since I was a kid. It's well-kept and there's plenty of space to make your time at the park enjoyable. Fishing is allowed off the pier during limited hours.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Excellent new pho place in Novi! This place opened about 2 weeks prior to our visit, and they have their service and food down! Everyone is friendly, and the food was some of the best I've had from a pho place. The summer rolls are DELICIOUS, and I highly recommend them. They include some big yummy shrimp and strips of pork. The bf ordered the P3 pho and made the special request of taking all the greens out. The owner was eager to make sure his order was done the way my bf wanted it. I ordered the P1 house special pho with all the mystery meats, as the bf would put it lol. We were both very happy with our orders! The beef broth is some of the best I've had, and it hit the spot, aah. Definitely come check out this new place!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>I have heard nothing but amazing about Tai Fai since they opened from all sorts of sources including friends and the mayor. Tonight I finally stopped in since I was 1) hungry and 2) aware that there was nothing in my refrigerator except half a bag of shredded carrots, half a lemon, and a bottle of Simply Heinz Ketchup. And beer. I have no regrets about my decision for take-away for dinner and really am highly anticipating returning. Tai Fai is in a strip that is undergoing some cosmetic changes but the inside is simple and clean. I was greeted by a friendly worker and allowed some time to review the menu. My general philosophy about sushi is that I feel like it rarely fills me unless you're ordering a ton. Maybe it's that I don't eat the fish? Regardless, I decided on ordering a bowl of Miso Soup (which really was like the size of a medium soft drink), a roll that was tempura fried containing avocado, pineapple, red pepper, and cream cheese, and an order of vegetable fried rice. It was all ready in about five minutes. The miso was great and really the bowl was big enough for two. The roll was perfection. I ate half with a moderate portion of the fried rice and really feel pretty full. I'm geeked about having left overs--and really the rice is going to stretch to a third meal or at least a snack.I feel like I can't express how much I really enjoyed this roll. The crispy outside--though not greasy--and the creamy inside with the bright pineapple and red pepper. Inside the roll's container was also wasabi and pickled ginger. The fried rice was kind of to be expected--I think I ordered it Japanese style which has a garlicky butter sauce, and green beans, carrots, and corn. The meal was neatly bagged and included a fork, spoon, chopsticks, as well as a fortune cookie that told me to "Make big plans." The cookie knows--the cookie always knows. There were also napkins. I was really hungry so the $12.00 this meal came to didn't seem so outrageous, but when I stop and think about it, it's enough food for a couple meals and really it was kind of amazing so I think it's money well spent. I'm totally geeked about having friends over and ordering piles of rolls and trying more of their offerings. For the non sushi types there are noodle dishes as well as curries and stir fries--Tai Fai really has something for everyone.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant.  Although the outside is very plain and sits in a strip mall, the inside of the restaurant is fresh, clean and modern.  When I entered, I noticed lots of people had the mixed tray of food called a "thali."  I ordered the tray with lamb curry, a chicken meatball and butter chicken.  It also came with bread, rice, yogurt and a cucumber salad.  The hot dishes were served hot and the cold dishes were served cool and were brought to me quickly.  Every dish was delicious but I especially enjoyed the spices and flavor of the butter chicken.  The yogurt sauce and cucumber salad were very fresh and complimented the meal well.  I would have wished there was a little more flavor to the cucumber sauce and a little more salt and lemon juice on the vegetables.  One of the nicest features of the meal was a thin pudding with noodles cooked in it that was very sweet and delicious.  Overall, the service was fast, the young lady at the counter was helpful and friendly and the restaurant was very clean.  I will definitely return to this restaurant when I'm in the area and I'm looking for a variety of tasty Indian foods.  I can't wait to try more of their menu, especially the very interesting looking snack foods.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>This place was VERY good, we went here today for Detroit Restaurant Week (fixed price menu). I rarely give restaurants 5 stars but this one warrants it. I had the Twisted Meatball (veal meatball on top of a spaghetti cup), the Midwest flank steak with baby marbled potatoes, and the tiramisu parfait for dessert. We thought a parfait was going to be maybe tiramisu on top of ice cream or gelato, but instead it was TIRAMISU, DECONSTRUCTED - and very delicious.The restaurant itself is located on a corner in Corktown, and we snagged some street parking which was good. I snuck a peek at the regular menu too, and they had some decent prices. At their bar area, there was a sign that said two can dine for a 3-course lunch, for $25 ($12.50 each) which also seems like a very good deal.I don't get to Detroit often but hoping to come back here again at some point. Service was great too.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Choose from ready made slices pepperoni, cheese, speciality. Order your own pizza build it how you want it or order a pizza off the menu. There is no possible way you can be disappointed ordering a pizza here no matter what toppings you choose. It is an absolute must to order a slice of their specialty pizza. They do change it on a daily basis but I've never been disappointed. They use goat cheese, garlic, peppers, etc. on a lot of their specialty pizzas it makes a difference in a very delicious way! All their slices are huge! Worth the few dollars per slice during lunch! Easily some of the best pizza I've ever had!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I don't know who the Julian brothers are, but they sure know how to make delicious baked goods. I am trying to stay away from simple carbs but it is sooooooooooo tough to do when I know my husband wants to go here and it's a short drive away, so I just indulge in a few treats and try to forget about it by the next day. Basically anything in the pastry case is wonderful. They have these little miniature bumpy cakes called ding dongs, and they are way better than actual Sanders Bumpy Cake. My uncles actually prefer the caramel cake here to the authentic Sanders version as their birthday cake of choice. Their almond tea ring coffee cake things are a favorite of my dad's. Their cookies are delicious and so cute with sprinkles and they even have those neon-colored Italian layer cookies that are too much for me but my entirely-New Jersey, practically-Italian husband swears by them. Then there's the bread. Oh Em Gee, the bread. Buttermilk Rye. Sicilian, with seeds or without. Wheat. Cinnamon Raisin. At least 20 other varieties, not to mention dinner rolls or a 5-year-old Cathy O. favorite, pepperoni rolls. Good luck to you figuring out which variety to pick.They have inexpensive, decently tasty pizza and subs. Now, if I had to be picky, I would complain about the subs that are pre-made that morning, but I haven't asked them to make a fresh one for me ever and the ladies behind the counter are so nice I bet they would do it. The frozen food selection is quite large with both italian staples and more typical frozen dinners.This place is a winner in my book. But you really should stay away from the aforementioned ding dongs because you'll wake up at 7am craving one, like I did six minutes ago. Oopsies!
