<review# 1,isUSA=True>It was delicious! Perfectly cooked omelet with very fresh veggies.  The coffee is awesome and I  stopped at 3 cups, but could've easily had 1 more.  The staff was super friendly and are happy! I sat at the counter, where Stephanie took great care of me. Do come on in!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Being raised as a South Carolina True Southener, there are a couple of things that you must choose as a 'Favorite'-one being your College Football Allegiance and another-your choice in styles of BBQ!! It doesn't get any better than the Palmetto Pig, for sure!  The Bar-B-Que Is lean and flavorful, the 'Red' Hash has a very tasty smooth texture and the Macaroni and Cheese is second to none!  I am generally not a fan of Buffets at all due to cleanlines, freshness, etc. but the staff always ensures that the food is fresh, hot and the area is cleaned constantly through service.  Also, the newest manager, Jamie, is just a Ray of Sunshine!!! He is so friendly, welcoming to the customers, walks around every time that we are there to assure customers are happy, so helpful and makes you appreciate the fact that the Importance of Customer Service still exist in 2014! Jennifer Horne
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Great wings! Doing some renovations but the food was great! Good place for kids, football games and hanging out with friends. Our food was great, hot and right the first time!
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Outstanding!  Took my mother out for her birthday. She loved it! We had the Crab cakes, Fried Green tomatoes, Blackened Salmon Charleston, Shrimp n Grits, and the Fried Shrimp. We shared our meals because everything was soo good. For the best service, ask for Kurt.  Bonus:  All foods are fresh, sauces and desserts are made in house. This is now my favorite local restaurant.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>I passed this place when I moved to SC and had a feeling something delicious was being served inside. I was right! From the outside it looks like a hole in the wall BBQ joint but don't let that fool you. The sauces are fantastic. I had the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. So good! Can't wait to try more!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Awesome local brewery!  Defiantly the best in the area as far as looks and beer!  Great bar area and outside area with several TV's outside and inside!  My favorite spot to go to before SC games for sure and is right at a mile walk to the Stadium.  Usually will have live music on Friday or Saturday night with KC hot dogs and a few other food trucks always outside to feed you after a few brews!  KC hot dogs defiantly recommended! (Seattle DOG OFF THE CHARTS!!) As far as the beer goes My favorite would have to be Moncks Corner!  But don't think they will have it til next year! . Double IPA it is then!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Great beer selection, incredibly nice proprietors, and homey atmosphere (it is in an old model home, after all). It is far out if you are coming from the eastern parts of Lexington, West Columbia, or Columbia, but it is also a really cool to have a craft beer bar close to residential areas in Lexington, SC.The place is still a work in progress, but I understand there will be a full kitchen after construction and 100 taps. Right now there are over twenty taps (maybe 24?) of quality craft beer and some snacks, which often include Billy's homemade pimento cheese, hummus, smoked meats, cheese plates, and chips and salsa. It can get quite crowded some nights, but the room set-up plus outdoor seating also presents their customers with options if they are or are not in the mood to share a beer with many strangers. The main bar is a lot like sitting around the island in someone's kitchen, which has turned out to be really cool as I have had some really interesting conversations with strangers who feel like old friends by the time you leave. They also have a wine selection if beer isn't your bag, and they offer free soft drinks to designated drivers, which all bars should do but do not.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>We live in Leesville so were excited to hear about a new pizza place about half the distance to where we normally have to go for a decent pizza (Nicky's, 5 Points). But I had grave concerns since it was near the high school. Last time I had pizza near the high school it was clearly designed to appeal to the Domino's crowd. So we were relieved to discover this was actually pretty good pizza. The menu was very interesting, lots of unique specialty pizzas. And for those not as adventurous, you have the option to create your own. They did offer a gluten-free option although this was not a concern of ours. Best of all, they had a great beer selection including some interesting craft beers on tap. The atmosphere was very casual, almost fast food. You walk up and order, then they bring it out to you when it's done. They also have flat screen TVs for you sports fans. Price is comparable any sit-down restaurant (think Mellow Mushroom or Uno's as opposed to a delivery place like Domino's or Little Caesar's). We enjoyed the Mediterranean pizza, substituting red sauce for the white that it came with. The crust was thin like we like it, but could have been more crisp IMO - we like it crispy! But the ingredients were fresh and tasty. We ordered a large which was a 14" I believe and it was just the right size for two hungry adults. No leftovers this time. The staff was very friendly and efficient. Service was fast on a Friday night, probably b/c the local high school had an away game thank god. Notwithstanding the crust crispiness factor, this is probably the best pizza around without me having to travel to downtown Cola or fight the traffic on 378. We like Angelo's pizza also but Knead has a little more modern vibe. We will definitely be back.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>This place is one of the most fun places ever. My sister and I took my mom there for her birthday. I didn't have any desire to go since I'm not a big tea drinker. Once I got there, I was the first one to pick out a hat. Then we all posed to get our picture taken with the Queen Elizabeth cardboard cutout. We had a blast just trying on all the hats. Next we had to pick out a cup and saucer. That was hard.... So many beautiful ones to choose from. The service was excellent and the food was amazing!!! I enjoyed all the teas they served. I actually loved 2 of them (a black tea and a green tea). I ended up buying them and a lot of other tea items in their gift shop downstairs. I even bought some Christmas gifts also. This place is a one of a kind unique place... (Experience). I enjoyed it very much. It was a nice relaxing afternoon. We will definitely take my mom again next year. I might sneak and go there again before her birthday. I don't know any other place that offers the unique experience that this place does. It's worth the drive there.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>This is my new go - to for lunchtime.   It's got great fresh salads and lighter fare so I don't pass out at my desk and feel like a slug.  And it's pretty inside.  Get the deli case combo.  They're open later than a lot of downtown restaurants and are a solid addition to main street.   They also have a meeting room big enough to host nice sized meetings and events.
