<review# 1,isUSA=True>This location is solid.My last visit was on a dreary Saturday morning when I needed to meet with someone to work on a group project for my graduate studies. We arrived around 10 am and it was steady but not busy. There was only one person in line ahead of us and plenty of treats in the bakery case to entice us while we waited. I ordered my first pumpkin spice latte of the season! The weather called for it after all. The staff were friendly and made conversation while I ordered and talk about efficient! As soon as I chose a table and set my items down, my drink was done! Warm and tasty with a hint of nutmeg on top, it was definitely a winner.Not more than 15 minutes later the place exploded! Moms and kids, people coming in after their workout, etc. all chose the same time to get their caffeine fix. I was afraid that it would be too much of a commotion to get anything completed. The Starbucks is a bit small and nestled in the corner of the Georgetown shopping center. I shouldn't have doubted! The crew got everyone in and out and on their way in a matter of minutes. I heard lots of pleasantries, thank yous, and saw a few extra tips disappear into their jar. Whether I'm in a hurry or need somewhere to work on a Saturday, I'll definitely look into coming back to this Starbucks again.
<review# 2,isUSA=True>R C's is a hole in the wall. Seriously, it's a size of a hole in the wall. You can probably fit about 10-12 people to dine in there. I suggest you take it to go. R C's opens at 12 PM, which I thought was an odd time for lunch. They are also closed Monday and Tuesday.Anyway, they serve Southern Food, as their name implies. I don't know what the twist is. Maybe the twist is their food tastes awesome? I tried most of their dishes, and they all seemed solid to me. The meat loaf was tender, moist, and flavorful. I would've loved more sauce though. It was a good meatloaf. The Mac and Cheese was very creamy and good. I loved the cheesy flavor and the creaminess. The collard greens are cooked with smoked turkey. These were some of the best collards I've had. I loved the comforting flavor of these. You can also ask for their homemade chow chow to eat it with. The Fried Catfish tasted good. It was nicely fried and had good flavor. Also, they make their own tartar sauce in house. Then again, I think most of their food is made from scratch. They cooked their yams well. It had all its naturally sweet flavor to it. R C's is run by two people basically, the owner and his daughter. They're both incredibly nice. I also liked how polite the daughter seemed. R C's seems like a winner to me. They have great food and great service. Their prices seem reasonable as well.
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I was in the market for a mountain bike, and tried larger chain stores, with not much luck.  I found the Bicycle Doctor's website, featuring a few really good deals, so I thought i'd head on in.  When I drove to the place and found the small shop, I smiled at the store you could drive right past if you weren't paying attention.  When I got inside, unfortunately the bike I wanted wasn't their, but another equally great bike was, and for roughly the same price.Scott helped me out, really took the time to answer all the questions of a guy who hadn't ridden a bike since trying to get home from elementary school, and not only let me test drive the bike, but kept making minor adjustments so that my seat was properly raised, etc as he watched me ride.I appreciate that greatly, loved not being rushed, and the experience that the Bicycle doctors have seems second to none.Bikes are really all the Bicycle Doctor's do, which is great.  Each wall is covered with accessories from bike pumps, helmets, tool kits to car racks, if it involves a bike, they probably have it, or can get it.  Good people.  Solid shop.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>After a few more visits, I'm bumping my rating for Village Burger of Johns Creek.4th star - Earned it...Referring to my first review and the lost 4th star, I'm gonna update a few things...1. The drink machine can stay behind the counter for now. The traffic is low enough that it's not that hard to get a refill from the staff.2. There ARE bottled beers available -- standard stuff, nothing craft-y.3. The bun irregularities were just that -- out of place experiences that have since been forgotten.Village Burger of Johns Creek is starting to get more traffic -- YAY, SUBURBANITES FOR EATING "GOOD" FOOD! -- and seems to be finding a groove.  My only lingering concern is if they get REALLY popular and the rental space becomes a liability.In the meantime, I'm going to keep grabbing burgers at Village Burger over Five Guys on the basis of proximity, speed and cost. It's our little suburban alternative to Grindhouse Killer Burgers and Farm Burger -- I'll take that.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>This place just opened and it's fantastic! I've been eating Little Caesars, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, and Domino's all my life. And now, for once, I've been introduced to a better pizza! No one felt like cooking at my house tonight, so we remembered we had a coupon and that they give 30% off for employees at hospitals and we ordered a large cheese pizza with mushrooms along with a Jet's Bread. Amazing!!! The pizza was definitely fresh and had great flavor. I have a huge love for pizza-bread/cheese-bread too and Jet's Bread did not disappoint. I recently had a bad experience with Little Caesar pizza and Jet's pizza is WAY better. We only order pizza a couple of times a year, but the next time I order pizza I'll definitely have a preference for Jet's.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Some of my friends and I started coming here to play volleyball since it was more so neutral territory as far as driving distance goes. Honestly, the people here are so much nicer than the people at the other park we go to. We were able to play a few pick up games, and alternated teams accordingly to size. We played for a good two hours, and everyone there was friendly, and enjoyable to be around. They didn't take everything too seriously and made it a fun atmosphere. Whenever we lost the ball, there were plenty of people around the park willing to get the ball for us and throw it back our way. It is a lot smaller than Duncan Creek Park, but there doesn't seem to be a lot of people that come out to this park so it seems relatively okay in size. There are only two sand volleyball courts, they have from what I saw, I think 3 basketball courts, and a huge football field. One of these days, I wander the park and see what else they offer! :)
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Sitar is an Indian restaurant located on Holcomb Bridge Road in the same shopping center as the Kroger and a stone's throw away from the National Chattahoochee Recreation Area.  The interior of the restaurant is actually quite large, consisting of two discrete areas, and it's clean, but it isn't especially decorated in any interesting manner nor is there much ambience to speak of. This is the sort of place you go to eat as opposed to a romantic night out, and there's nothing wrong with that.We were greeted right away and the service staff was friendly and efficient. For an appetizer, we ordered the Paneer Pakora which is essentially fried cheese curds. This was alright, but honestly didn't have much flavor, and I would probably pass on it next time. For the entrée, my girlfriend ordered the Chicken Makhani - boneless tandoori chicken served with a tomato sauce and I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo. When I ordered the Vindaloo (boneless chicken served in a tomato-based hot and sour sauce) the waiter warned me it was the hottest item on the entire menu. TSince I love spicy food, I was not deterred and further asked for it "spicy." (You specify whether you want your dish mild, medium, spicy or extra spicy.) So, I ordered the hotter version of the hottest item available. I'm not one of these jackwagons who will eat the hottest thing conceivable for kicks, but I really do like food with a little bite, but the Vindaloo just about killed me. The dish is very good, with a distinct and unique flavor, but has the sort of burn and spiciness that doesn't go away. About half way through dinner, I was sweating and with tears rolling down my cheek, I had to surrender. The server, seeing my pain, kindly offered some rice pudding free of charge to help alleviate my suffering. I should have just ordered the item as it came.  The Chicken Makhani is fantastic. It has a little bite, but it isn't painful, and the Tandori flavor is wonderful. I will definitely order that the next time I go back. In conclusion, Satir has outstanding food, and even though I'm still suffering as I write this review, can highly recommend it. Even better, if you happen to live in the area, they deliver.Cons: Not much of an atmosphere.Pros: Great food.Verdict: Recommended.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>One word: delicious. If you're trying to be healthy or stick to a diet, this is not the place for you. My food was smothered in buttery, cheesy goodness and I enjoyed every bite! I ordered the pick two combo. I had the stuffed shrimp (sooo good, even though it was a little too salty) and scallops (much better than I expected them to be). It also came with two side dishes. I chose the veggies and baked potato (I wished they would have dressed it up but they do provide sour cream and butter). We had the seafood nachos for an appetizer. You could seriously eat this for a meal. It had fish, shrimp and scallops covered in a white creamy cheese. Oh dear I just drooled. Superb. If you're reading this you just need to go order this now. What are you waiting for?The party I was with ordered a little of everything. Their menu is pretty huge. There is even some sort of grilled octopus appetizer for the adventurous of heart. They also have a land lovers section with burgers, etc if you're dragging along a friend who isn't excited about seafood. I'll be back.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Fantastic track with very interesting holes.This is a private club and I was able to play due to a company tounament. It is located way up in Alpharetta. I drove by a few mansions after the security gate. Its a pretty nice neightborhood.The folks at the club are nice. From the bag boy, to the event director. Everyone was profesional and courteous. The condition of the course is very good. If you hit it into the fairway, you are assured of a very nice second shot. Grass is carpet-like. Super dense and firmish.  Tee box in good condition. Fairway with good drainage. Bunkers are fluffy and DEEEP. They have these British Open pot bunkers that are 6 feet deep. Stay clear of these. Greens are awesome. Tricky, but good shape.Very scenic, lots of water , foliage, sand, bunker, island green, elevation.My only gripe is the distance marker. I don;t think I saw any. But I had my trusty range finder.Overall, very good track.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I just love this place.  Just found out that you can BYOA!Got the 2 usual:Minced beef with cilantro soupBraised Fish in Chili OilBoth good as usual.My friend ordered some basil chicken which wasn't too bad either. We also had some pork belly buns served with cilantro. Very well marinated pork. My friend was hooked on the buns.The table next to us ordered too much food and gave us one of their dishes. It was a thinly sliced pork belly in chili sauce served cold. I'm not sure of the name on the menu, but it was very good. The guy who gave us the food was pretty drunk and continued eating from the dish at our table while waiting for his friends in the bathroom. It was that good.My friends and I love spicy food. And I can say that all of our dishes had a lot of kick to it (maybe not the pork buns). Service was pretty good. Our waitress was helpful explaining and recommending dishes we've never had.
