<review# 1,isUSA=True>Oh my god, YES! Finally a genuinely good place to watch a game in the greater Walpole area! Spacious, plenty of TVs and awesome beers (21st Amendment on draught, Boulevard 80 Acre in bottle!). This is everything I like about the Norwood location but on steroids - bigger, better and shiny-new. We had the Thai chili wings, Queen margherita pizza and steak and cheese egg rolls. Your waitress Jessica was awesome - super nice and wicked knowledgeable about the beers. We will be back!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I have been here quite a few times already (lunch, dinner) so obviously I love their food. My favorites are the Toscano pasta (it comes with rigatoni and a hearty/savory red meat sauce), the mushroom risotto, the osso buco (tender and juicy; amazing sauce) and their blueberry white chocolate torte (not too sweet; the crust is addictive). I also was once served a mushroom dish that was cooked on their grill.  It was unbelievably "bacon-y" and they told me it was just mushrooms and olive oil and salt (hint-hint for the vegetarians out there). I was bummed that the mushroom dish was just seasonal because I can eat that everyday. They also have a limoncello martini which I really like (although I ask for extra limoncello because I like mine really sweet). The best part? They have Diet Coke that comes in a bottle and for some reason, it tastes way better than Diet Coke from a can or fountain (this is probably what won me over).The service is awesome also. On all the occasions I dined there, the waiters have always been so friendly and cheerful. At one of my dinners there, my friend and I reserved a table for 8 people, on a super busy Saturday night. None of his other friends showed up, but nevertheless, our waiter was patient about it (even though we took up seats that could have gone to the other patrons who were waiting). We of course gave the seats up so that they can seat other guests. (I felt totally bad for even taking up seats when we were getting flaked on). I was also here for New Year's Eve and they were handing out noise makers and hats. I thought it was really cool that the entire restaurant celebrated with everybody.Michael S.'s review was correct. Their bathrooms are so pretty! I wish my bathroom at home looked like that.This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Cambridge!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Like a lot of folks who live in the Newton area, I joined Equinox sight unseen 7 months before they opened. They offered a great promotion to lock in $20/mo off your monthly payment, and also waive the outrageous intro fees. I've been coming here since January and have to say it is a massive improvement over Boston Sports Club.Due to Wegman's being open now, the parking lot is pretty much always packed unless you go before work. Kind of a drag sometimes, but that's not the fault of EQ. The facility itself is immaculate. You don't feel like you're walking into a gym. It doesn't look like a gym and more importantly - doesn't smell like a gym. The main foyer is just a waiting area and front desk - the gym itself is upstairs. Upstairs they have a really nice (albeit pricey) juice/shake bar and a small seating area surrounded by the membership offices. The fitness floor is large and the equipment is all spaced out. For cardio, they have a TON of treadmills, ellipticals, and bikes. The locker rooms are always clean and pretty nice for a gym locker room. I don't shower at the gym so I can't tell you what that area is like. I just wish they would play some more masculine music in the changing area. They have some coffee-shop playlist, and it's just terribly traumatizing being surrounded by naked older gentlemen while listening to a Jason Mraz acoustic sesh. They have everything you need for strength training but don't expect to be blown away. The emphasis here is group aerobics classes, yoga, barre, and the like. There is also no hot tub in the pool area - somewhat surprising given the $150/mo pricetag.The WiFi here is great, I must say. The music selection on the fitness floor is pretty bad, so you'll def be getting your money's worth out of your Spotify account. As others have mentioned the contract is literally a marriage license. If you sign up for a year, be prepared to pay for a year. I think the only way to get out of your contract is to die. The only annoyance I've experienced is that the sales office is very high pressure with regards to selling you personal training. I feel like they just recently gave up on me, but for a while it was once a week. The personal training prices are high (I think $120/hr) and they will try to sell you packages that cost thousands. I've seen the trainers in the gym and they are fresh out of college. It seems EQ has their own formula for training which involves whatever is hip at the time. Expect lots of kettelbells and jumping since Crossfit is so hot right now. One of the things that's hard to describe to people is the culture at a gym. At BSC Wellesley, the culture was more akin to a Jewish nursing home. EQ is definitely more my scene. For the most part, the crowd is attractive and clearly into fitness. I've encountered some snobs; but I guess that is to be expected given the area.I'll probably try Sports Club of LA next year, assuming it doesn't take a court order to get out of my contract. The good news is that we no longer have to settle for BSC, or drive to Natick for Gold's.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Awesome.  There's no frills, you get true tiffin-plate style food, and the quantities are ridiculously huge.  The food is AWESOME.  It's really damn spicy, there's not much in the way of customer service, it's nothing fancy, but they don't skimp on what you're getting.  You get nothing in the way of atmosphere here but if you're just looking for really authentic indian food that reminds you of ... home, your former incarnation, your trip to India, trying to impress your indian girlfriend, this is definitely where it's at.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Get yourself cultured for free!  Doesn't get much better than that, if you ask me.  I've tried to hit this summer tradition each year, though sometimes the weather doesn't always set you up for success.  Lesson learned - set some contingency rain dates!  This year (2014), the production of Twelfth Night was fantastic.  I loved the modern take on a classic.  Many of the lead actors were absolutely fantastic.  I still am completely left in awe given the sheer quantity of lines some of them have to memorize.  The play was raunchy, funny, and full of plot twists.  The actors are miked up, so sound is just fine.  The Commonwealth Shakespeare Company does have some corporate sponsors, however they do rely on donations as a large funding source.  So, there will be staff & volunteers coming around during the intermission asking for donations. Please be kind and toss a few bones their way.  Additionally, you can rent a low backed chair from them for $10 (of which $5 is a deposit).  This is a great event to do with friends, out of town visitors, or a special someone on date night.  Bring some snacks, smuggle in some wine/adult beverages, a fleece, and a blanket.  Forgot to bring snacks?  There are concessions available for sale and the Earl of Sandwich is right there as well.  Shows start at 8:00, but I would suggest getting there by 7:30 or so to set up.  The 2014 version was about 2 1/2 hours including intermission.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Holy WOW! Five stars for this place!Atmosphere: the inside was insanely noisy (hey, the Sox were playing the Yankees), but we were there for a special occasion (yes, dear readers, the Vegaquarian and the Meat-Eater have now been together for FIVE YEARS of love and happiness) and wanted a cozier atmosphere, so we chose to sit at one of the outdoor tables on the sidewalk. That turned out to be a great choice (ok, not that I didn't care about the game, but the Sox were already totally losing, and it really wouldn't have been very romantic to watch the Yankees win . . . ), very romantic on a beautiful summer evening. Beer: oh HELL yes. The beer was ridiculously good. If you love good beer and have not been to The Publick House, get thee to The Publick House and check out their beer menu. And do NOT miss the "Rules" section at the bottom of the beer list -- it is hilarious. Food: excellent.The Mac and Cheese was super (as pretty much Every Other Reviewer Ever has already mentioned). If you love Mac and Cheese, go here and eat some. The base mac and cheese is great, and you can add an impressive array of interesting things to it (standard fare such as broccoli, peas, mushrooms, etc., but also more unusual stuff such as scallops, cherry peppers, roasted garlic, etc.). Monk Frites: the dipping sauces are so good. The frites themselves were very tasty (and the portion you get is enormous, we did not even come close to finishing it even though we totally mowed it). The only strange thing about them was that many (most?) of the frites were very small. Like an inch long. So the only practical way to eat them was with a fork. But they were so good that I did not even care about that.The Meat-Eater had the meatballs (which he liked quite well) and the Fish N Chips (which was also a hit). He doesn't like tartar sauce or coleslaw (ever, anywhere), so I ended up (as usual) eating his coleslaw (which was yummy) and taking his tartar sauce (lemon-caper tartar sauce, so good) to dip more frites into. He liked his dinner, but I was too busy mowing the mac and cheese to get any more specific feedback from him about it. Suffice it to say that it was about 500 times better than the Fish N Chips at Jasper White's Summer Shack (which I've also reviewed). I also had a side Caesar, which was very good. Service: Other reviews indicate that the service is "hit or miss" -- I guess in our case it was HIT. Our server was fan-freakin-tastic. Her name is Sarah. Since I've only been here the one time so far, I can't comment on any of the other servers, but basically, if I were to try to make a Top Ten Servers Ever list based on decades of eating out, Sarah would be on that list. It wasn't even that the service was completely perfect (you may have seen the review where I rave about the perfect service at Biltmore Bar & Grill). It wasn't perfect. But, you know how sometimes when a server makes a mistake, they just don't even give a damn, other times they apologize, and other (all too rare) times, they not only apologize but also go way out of their way to make it up to you? Well, this was what happened: Sarah made a very small mistake (I asked her a question about one of the mac and cheese toppings, and she gave me the wrong answer), but it was totally not a big deal. But she felt really bad about it and brought us a round of Fernet Branca that I am not positive, but strongly suspect, she paid for out of her own pocket. And seriously, other than one not-very-important wrong answer to a question, she did everything Just Right. I kind of love her. I mean, she obviously Actually Gave A Damn about our meal and our experience at the restaurant, which already puts her way more than average. She had no idea it was a special occasion for us, but the way she consistently went out of her way to make sure everything was great would have made for a wonderful time even had it not been a special occasion. As it was, it was Sarah's great service that took what would already have been a great evening and a great meal, and turned it into one of the best meals we've ever had in the Boston area. A wonderful memorable anniversary dinner that we'll be gushing about for years to come, I expect.Beer Advocate calls this place "one of the top ten places in the world to have a beer." Food and Wine magazine says it's got the "Best Mac & Cheese in the U.S." The Boston Globe calls it the best beer bar in Boston. We agree. Go to this place. It ROCKS.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>I had the best meal I've had in a long time here and it was confirmed again last night. Round one: duck liver mousse. Conclusion: Pure decadence. Prepare for flavor. Pass on the mustard. Have your napkin ready to wipe away the tears that will be brought to your eye. Round one+: heirloom tomato salad Wonderful flavor, incredibly fresh mozzarella. The addition of sunflower seeds made all the difference. The flavor was perfect. Round 2: Scallops for me, Duck for her. I LOVE scallops when they're seared on the outside and tender on the inside. These cooks hit that expectation and then some. My girlfriend's duck was lovely too. Dessert: flowerless chocolate cake and Montbourgeau Macvin du Jura as an aperitif. Let's just call it all = happiness. The cake is rich yet not too sweet. The Montbourgeau tastes like a nice red port despite it being a white. Drinks throughout included some nice wines and the delicious Wellington double brown ale. The staff is great, ambiance pretty nice. One logistical note: we've sat at the "Chef's Table" before. It's fun in a different way than an intimidate date-night there. The table is brighter and right in front of the prep tables. You can get a little banter going with that staff and see things made in real time.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>How have I not reviewed La Brasa yet?  It's certainly become my a neighborhood favorite.  And if I didn't live close by, I'd still make my way here, because it's awesome.  We've been for dinner a number of times, and also for brunch too.  I love a good brunch, and this is hands down the best brunch in the area in my book.  Let's start with that.Lots of good brunch cocktail options, featuring my favorite: the bloody Maria!  Also, amazing coffee.  They take coffee seriously, and I appreciate it because you can't get REALLY good coffee at most breakfast places.  I love that it's not just an afterthought. My go to is the eggs benedict, and the eggs benny with bentons ham is pretty perfect.  Creamy light hollandaise sauce, runny eggs, chewy english muffin and thinned sliced salty cured ham.  I think I'll have a hard time ordering anything else.  I ordered a side of potatoes last week, and it was enough to share, but I opted not to share with my husband because I'm a jerk.  They were perfectly crunchy/salty home fries, and came with a little jar of ketchup.  If you like sweet brunch treat, or if you're easily swayed to order them for a brunch dessert like we are (good tip, Shyne!) get the brioche french toast with ricotta & bourbon-vanilla oranges.  They are hands down the best french toast, sweet without being overwhelming.  Also delicious things we're tried: the local oysters are huge and fresh, and I love a good mignonette, which La Brasa delivers.  I ordered the barbecued beef brisket with charred green tomatillo barbeque sauce and enjoyed it.  The brisket is also on the dinner menu.  It was a large portion, and was great as leftovers in tacos.  Jesse got the corned beef hash last week, and it was enjoyed thoroughly.  The side of bacon is thick sliced decadence, and it's got a deliciously smoky flavor.  Pro tip: buy some from the market and you can make your whole house smell that delicious for days, so much so that you'll walk in after work and wonder why your house smells like a camp fire.  Maybe that's just me.The ambiance for bunch is great with some live music, and really, if you're waiting in line somewhere else, you're wasting your life on a (most likely) substandard brunch.  Do yourself a favor and head here.  There's no other brunch that will be better.  Prices are reasonable, with eggs benny being $9, and you're getting something you can't make easily at home, which I can't say about a lot of the other brunches in Somerville.Onward to dinner!  Appetizers I've tried were all good, I've enjoyed the artisanal cheese plate, the pickled eggs (both quail and chicken) and the pork shoulder tacos, and need to get on ordering the Benton ham.  I've been twice, and both times we went sort of family style.  Highlights were the la brasa fried chicken with escargot- brown butter vinaigrette, parsley & fresh horseradish, a hanger steak special (this was my favorite so far!), and the skirt steak marinated in soy with snap peas, baby lettuces, with salmon roe.  Sides I've shared have all been great-the Mexican fried rice was really different and fun, if you love root veggies, the turnip special was delicious, the carrots in mole sauce are a fun option.  Drinks are always changing and everything I've tried as been tasty and interesting.  Desserts are fun and simple, and everything I've tried as been tasty.  I've tried some chocolate pudding that was a special when they first opened, and look forward to trying the butterscotch pudding.  I often go for the affogato, since I'm a sucker for both ice cream and espresso.  I tried a bite of the three cheese cheesecake featured right now and it was smooth and delicious, with delicious stone fruit on top.The atmosphere is great, and I love the open kitchen and being able to see the grill.  I love the details (tractor seats for bar stools, reclaimed wood on the walls and benches) is the service.  The service is truly top notch, and the waitstaff is really focused on making sure you have a great dining experience.  I can't think of a time when I've had nicer experiences, and the experiences on the same level are at places that are much more expensive and those generally tend to be less fun.  I also love the use of local farms and products that they love, many of which you can buy at the market.  Also, I love the market in general.  There's great stuff you can buy that will help supplement if you don't want to go to the grocery store, like that amazing bacon, local milk products and cheeses, and fresh fruit.La Brasa: Welcome to East Somerville, we're so happy to have you!
<review# 9,isUSA=True>There are several options in Boston for Tapas nowadays but I have to say this one has to take top honors. This looks to be one of the more popular options and was jam packed on a Sunday night. Sitting on Beacon in Brookline, the outside of the place looks like it is one of the trendiest spots on this street filled with restaurants. Large inside, with really cool tastefully done designs with dark wood and very large with a bar side and a deep dining room side and even an outside patio on both sides. The staff here is quick on their feet and we were seated right away. If you do not make a reservation here, you might be left standing outside with wait times up to two hours on weekends. This is a very lively and loud place and looks like it is always busy with several large groups in attendance.Menu offerings are some very creative cocktails, lots of various beers and a very vast wine list and of course lots and lots of tasty Sangria. The Tapas listings are of course several meats, cheeses and salads and seafood in smaller portions. We opted for the hanger steak, potato tortilla, mushrooms with balsamic, meatballs and mini grill cheeses. From start to finish every bite was delicious and tasted absolutely fantastic! Cooked to perfection with some interesting sauces and even the bread and olive oil was done beautifully. Service to start was a bit slow to start, however very friendly, helpful and ended very well. Even the dessert here, two crepes stuffed with dolce de leche and vanilla ice cream drizzled with chocolate sauce and the churros with dark chocolate sauce to dip was unreal. Plus the prices are modest for the food ordered. Excellent meal and will surely return!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I've been holding off on writing my 200th review until I felt like I found a restaurant that holds a special place in my heart. Bullfinchs wins! I've had the pleasure of coming here twice now, and both the food and the experience have left me feeling warm and fuzzy about this place. I've had the Alsatian Pasta both times, which is delicious- a simple combination of scallions, tomatoes, and a savory, just-rich-enough butter sauce. I also love the beet salad. I was just about to write that I wish that there were more pasta and veggie options since I'm not a big meat eater, but I just noticed on their website that they offer a separate vegetarian menu (and also gluten-free and kids' menus!), which I will DEFINITELY be asking for next time! So that's awesome. The people that I've brought here have also raved about the steak and chicken dishes that they've ordered. Hell, even the bread and butter are delicious, and are often served hot from the oven.The drinks are also amazing- I'm especially partial to the Apple Ginger White Sangria. I've also tried the Lisa's Passion (vodka, passionfruit, pomegranate, and lime), which one time was much stronger than the other. They're not cheap ($11 each), but I find that it's worth it, which I rarely say. They have a great selection of wines as well, including two of my favorite Rieslings. The desserts are delicious as well- last time, I had some kind of key lime tart, my husband had the flourless chocolate cake, and our friend had a berry crumble- all wonderful.The service is lovely. The first time that we visited, a manager was standing at the front talking with people as they came and went- this served its purpose of making me feel personally welcomed, which I always notice and appreciate so much. The waitress upon our first visit was also fantastic- professional but warm, talkative, and personal.The atmosphere here is somewhere between modern sophistication and rustic warmth. When it's warm, they have a really pretty lounge and outdoor seating area with string lights overhead. Inside, it's dimly lit. This is a great place for a date or a dinner with close friends or family- I would bring anyone I like here! Seriously, give it a try for a special occasion- it's not a cheap place, but it's worth every dollar. I hope to try their brunch and cooking classes in the future as well!An update (6/10/14): I came here for my birthday last night with my husband, which we didn't mention to anyone because I'm not a big fan of fanfare or being the center of attention. But when we mentioned at the end of the meal that we were out for my birthday, our waitress left for a moment and returned with a giant balloon, a piece of birthday cake (their amazing flourless chocolate cake with a candle in it, I might add), and a gift card to the restaurant. This was so touching to me- it's really these kinds of gestures that elevate a special occasion and make me so glad that I chose to come here for my birthday. It's official: I love this place.
