<review# 1,isUSA=True>We had an absolute blast here. The USS Nightmare is a well-oiled machine that will knock your socks off. Even if you prefer different houses, styles, show lengths, etc. you have to respect the amount of detail that goes into this production day after day, year after year. From the lighting, to the period music coming out of the antique radio in one scene, to the almost seamless mix of animatronics and live actors, every minutiae aboard the ship is engineered for thrills. There are three different shows: lights up, for scardey-cats; the regular show; and the special Extreme nights. If you decide halfway through that you can't handle it, there are exits throughout the house. I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good scare. It's especially great to ease kids into the haunted house scene, with the Lights on Matinee. Go check it out!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>I have been a common customer here for a few years and came only for the bubble tea, until they revamped their menu. The previous menu was pan-asian and had all of your typical asian dishes and was nothing too exciting to me, so I decided then that I'd stick with the bubble tea for future visits.When I came in several months ago, I noticed the interior was re-done and the menu had changed. Curious, I sat down and had lunch with my friend. We ordered the seafood hot pot to share and also the corn chowder and both were fantastic and very authentic when it comes to Chinese food. They even gave us a complimentary seeet rice soup for dessert and it was soooo good. The servers were also very polite and wanted to ensure we enjoyed everything. I absolutely love the new management at Tea n Bowl and can now recommend this place for both food and their bubble tea. Keep up the good work!!
<review# 3,isUSA=True>I can't believe I had never been to Arnold's (outside of a quick stop during a pedal wagon), a Cincy staple! Had to stop by the other day for lunch because I just couldn't wait any longer. The place was empty around 3:00pm, so our party was able to pull some tables and chairs together on the back patio. The atmosphere is what really makes this place unique...just read some of the other reviews! I can see how it would be a great spot to cozy up and have a good night, especially if they have some live music going. The food was good, I had the grilled cheese and tomato bisque and was definitely satisfied. It was delicious. The service was a bit slow considering we were the only ones there, but I know how that can be, so no worries there! Arnold's is a great "all-around" spot. On every level, they pass with flying colors.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>I've dined at Metropole a total of four times since they opened in Cincinnati. All four times they have nailed it on service; 3 out of 4 times the food has been on point. I love the location, I love the affordable (and always friendly!) valet options ($8, just skip the garage), and the decor/ambiance is crisp, modern, funky-fun but still elegant. The yellow penguins crack me up (but why yellow? Why not red? Or orange? The deep thoughts that haunt me...); and I like that the restaurant can either be upscale or chill (hello, denim-clad scenester servers!). And speaking of servers, all of my experiences at Metropole lead me to believe that it has some of the best service in the city. They all collaborate to complete your dining experience, but you never feel shoved off on someone else; they unobtrusively are always present to refill drinks, clean the table, etc.; and the best thing is that while they offer impeccable, classy service, they seem very warm and without a hint of snootiness. This is saying something, since three times I was there with large groups, and our servers weren't overwhelmed or snotty, and even the hostess that I called to increase our guest count had made sure that the restaurant accommodated our needs. I had a younger dinner guest voice her concerns that her general experience with finer dining establishments is that she felt looked down on. However, after eating at Metropole, she agreed that the staff were courteous and friendly (hence one of the reasons we have chosen twice to have group work dinners there with out-of-town visitors). The food is crazy inventive and flavorful. Sometimes the combinations sound unappealing to me on paper (i.e., the menu is seasonal, in the farm-to-table style, and changes frequently), and it bums me out when they get rid of favorite items. However, some of the dishes the chef creates are sometimes just mind-blowing good. You cannot go wrong with their cheese plates and charcuterie as starters: for example, their grilled toasty bread, topped with cheese, eaten with smoked butter or smoked grapes, the honey, the coarse ground mustard - oh my goodness! I also always get the grilled octopus, which is heavenly (the 7-hour egg is for the bravehearted, IMO). The last time we were there, several people ordered and raved about the steak, but I don't think you can go wrong with their chicken, in whatever style they are serving it at the time. And get dessert! Hopefully they will still be serving the blackberry shortcake with lime ice cream  (one of my new favorite desserts, and it doesn't even contain chocolate!). Another weird-sounding combination but it was just so, so good.Metropole is definitely on the pricey side, but I think it makes a great date night spot or an impressive place to take guests.
<review# 5,isUSA=True>If you're looking for something that's a kind of like your hipster coffee shop/cafe, but also kind of different in that it doesn't just cater to hipsters, Iris is your spot. Their walls are lined floor to ceiling with books and not only does that make it cozy (sound dampening), but you can pretend like you're Belle, being presented to a magnificent library of books by the Beast. Except without the glorious crystal lighting.It's not like your dusty old library, but it's not like the worn and torn, well-loved book collection either. They've got a bit of everything and it's so much fun to just walk around and check the titles out. They're sorted by category so it's fun to just browse and see if you can find something new.The interior is a lot bigger than it looks on the outside; even though it's a slender building, it almost feels like a labyrinth inside as the walls cut in here and there and you wander around in and out of tons of books and quietly chatting friends.The best part about Iris? Their soup. And I hate soup.Go for the soup. GO!!!
<review# 6,isUSA=True>This zoo is phenomenal. I have been to the world famous San Diego zoo--which was great, but my immediate feedback was that the cincinnati zoo is comparable in many ways. If you're from out of town, don't miss the zoo. The spring tulip show is beautiful and a great photo opportunity. The botanical gardens are lovely throughout the year and span the whole property. In the winter the Festival of Lights is a great date night or family holiday outing. They light up most of the zoo and have some lights programmed to music.I am a season pass holder. My kids love the experience, but so do my husband and I. It's one family outing that's not all about entertaining the little ones every second. We can all slow down, relax and enjoy the beauty and uniqueness around us. No bells and whistles, unless of course you ride the train (which we have many times :) ).The one negative is some of the food. It can be pricey and I don't like most of the selection in the cafe. Some of the local food stands are decent though, but price hikes there too. we usually just pack a lunch and find a table or bench in the shade. Also, if the weather is not ideal, there are plenty of great indoor exhibits to give relief from the heat, cold or rain.
<review# 7,isUSA=True>The Littlefield is a welcome addition to the Northside finer dining circle. The food specialities? Comfort food with a twist. The drinks of choice? Bourbon, and a delightful array of concoctions containing strong liquors. The decor is clean and welcoming. Seating options are outside patio, upstairs patio, downstairs and upstairs inside, or at the bar. We were seated immediately and began browsing the cocktail menu. We learned from our waitress that a special flight of bourbon had a portion of the proceeds going to Visionaries + Voices. She explained that each month they pick a different agency to highlight. How nice is it that a new business is already giving back to the community? I, being intrigued by a drink with my own street's namesake, ordered the Mad Anthony. It was a perfect blend of spiciness from the ginger beer and sweetness from the basil simple syrup. Highly recommended. My friend chose Cherry Street, which was a bit too strong for my liking but had amazing cherries as a garnish. On to the food. The cauliflower fritters were a lovely opener, with a crème fraiche dipping sauce. I ordered the mushroom pot pie, which while flavored nicely, proved a bit disappointing by the lack of actual pot piey-ness. It was more of a stew with a small crispy round of pie crust accenting the top. My dining companions enjoyed the BLP, which featured house-cured bacon and peaches on the sandwich, and the Lamb Meatballs. The four of us finished up the night by sharing a slice of the Bourbon Pecan Pie and the Banana Upside Down Cake, both to rave reviews. Overall, the place is recommended. The vegetarian and gluten-free have several options and even garden-variety omnivores can enjoy its offerings. The portions here won't leave you stuffed-to-the-gills full but if you try a few things you won't starve. The staff was fantastic and attentive when needed. I would say it's certainly worth a nice walk from the main drag to have a drink and a few appetizers with some loved ones. As a matter of fact think we'll visit again soon as I look forward to seeing how this little one develops.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Came in here with a colleague for a weekday lunch. Surprisingly, we were seated right away. The service was friendly and everything on the menu looks delicious. I got the chicken banh mi with a side of cauliflower and my coworker got the brisket sandwiches with a side of potatoes. The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the bun was awesome. Go figure, it's from a local bakery. The cauliflower was cheezy... almost like a mac & cheese. Also delectable! My coworker gave the same great reviews to his meal. I'll even go so far as to say that there's not really anything like it around. It's definitely more on the asian fusion side and not at all barbecue, but that doesn't preclude it from being great. To top it all off, the prices are fair! Love it.Bottom Line: I'll definitely be back for this unique tastiness (even though it's not BBQ).
<review# 9,isUSA=True>You wouldn't think there would be such a large market for grocery stores in Cincinnati, considering there are about 5 grocery stores within a 3 mile radius, but I was proven wrong when I checked out Fresh Thyme during its grand opening week. My best description of Fresh Thyme is a hybrid between Fresh Market and Whole Foods, but it also kind of has a Trader Joe's vibe because of its small, neighborhood grocery feel. As expected, it was a zoo, but we're putting the employees to work because they seem to have everything stocked (with the exception of my Fage 0% Fat Greek Yogurt). They have a wide selection of produce, including some mainstream brands like Dole. I'm pretty sure it's cheaper than Kroger (or Fresh Market and Whole Foods, for that matter) and also fresher. The bakery is small, but they have a lot of pastries (they're running a BOGO on muffins right now) and also offer some breads that you could also find at Kroger. I love the full-service deli counter with Boar's Head meats -- I could really do all my shopping here if I wanted to! The lady who helped me at the deli also pointed out her favorite spots in the store, including the olive bar, juice bar (homemade orange juice made daily with a price tag to prove it -- $8.99 for a half gallon!), and the beauty and healthcare area (all organic/natural products). They also have a pretty decent beer and wine selection, but the prices seem to be $1-2 more than the average price. And I love, love, LOVE the bulk spices, nuts, and candies!Also a bonus: They open at 7 am, in case of an early morning emergency on the way into work. Overall, a great addition to Cincinnati that I will be taking full advantage of!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Want a restaurant that seems completely out of place for the town where it's located?  Deyo's Italian Bistro is it.  Off the main road in Maineville, which isn't exactly a modern area, Deyo's is a contemporary, fresh, and completely atypical restaurant for the town.  We popped in on a Friday evening, not sure of what to expect since they renovated an oil and lube joint.  But having eyed the menu online and heard positive reviews from a friend, we decided to break out of our usual wings and beer rut.  The parking lot was absolutely jammed, but there are plenty of spaces.  Walking inside was something of a shock: everything is bright white, minimalistic, and modern.  There's seating on the main floor, a loft dining area, and an outside section complete with a cornhole court.  The servers and hostesses were all very young, many look like high schoolers, but they were all very pleasant and efficient.The menu has a hefty list of wines, a good number of your standard beers, and the usual coffee, tea, iced tea, and Pepsi products.  Prices were a bit higher than I expected especially for the area. Appetizers ranged between $8 and $13, with entrees between $11 and $23.  Of course, the best way to evaluate an Italian restaurant is their bread basket, right?  Oh.  My. Goodness!  Almost everything is made fresh in the back, from the bread to the butter!  Delicious, soft bread came with a generous scoop of butter topped with garlic, herbs, and olive oil.  Very decadent!We split a bruschetta appetizer, which was a crispy flavorful twist on the usual slab of bread with Italian salsa.  The had a generous drizzle of balsamic glaze over top the thinly sliced toast with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and pesto.  The Mediterranean pasta, which we also shared, was chock-full of artichokes, mushrooms, kalamata olives, fire roasted tomatoes, and fresh spinach.  The flavors were extremely impressive, and I was even more amazed when I found out how much was made in house.  The dessert list, which we didn't hit, was surprisingly varied, from local gourmet cupcakes to lemon basil gelato to the usual tiramisu and date nut cake.  Looks like Deyo's has successfully brought an exciting new option to an area that really needed something more than chili and burgers to offer its residents.  Four stars!
