<review# 1,isUSA=True>CLUBIN N STYLEI am definitely not the new kid on the block when it comes to Chicago Nightlife.  I've been to my share of dance clubs over the years and the newly remodeled Underground is amazing. I recently saw an article that listed it in the "Top 10 for Nightclubs" and I figured it was about time I finish my review. This place is classy and it starts at the street level. The door guys are courteous and nice to the guests who are all trying to get in. Some people are on the list and if you are lucky enough to get on that list then you will be whisked in quickly. Hey this is a nightclub and there are only so many spots for the cool kids. I just kept telling myself that I'm cool and crossed my fingers. Once you make it past the front door you will be taken into the Underground. I use to come here before the remodel and I always thought it was a little small. The new renovations really opened up the club. It is really comfortable. I could hardly believe it was the same space I had been to years ago. I had expressed interest about the remodel and was given a personal tour of the new space. How cool or dorky am I? I go to one of the hottest nightclubs and I'm walking around like Bob Villa on a home improvement show. I was impressed with how excited the manager was to show off their new digs. I needed to get my cool back on so I decided to hit the bar. I kept it simple just a vodka, soda & lemon. The glasses were gorgeous and the drinks were mixed perfectly. There is nothing worse then a soda and lemon drink. The bartenders were fast and really nice.  I'm feeling cooler by the minute or maybe it's the ice. I'm not sure but I'm not looking back. I noticed that there were two rooms and each had there own styles of music. One was the dance all night and give me a red bull kind of room. I really wasn't there to get my dance on but appreciated the great energy in there. I moved into the lounge area which seemed more Old-School and that fits me to a T. Imagine a totally cool area to sit back, drink, chill and have desert. I have no idea how I ended up ordering desert but the very nice waitress told me about the amazing ice cream sandwich they make and that it was her favorite. It was a hot night and all I could think was if its that good then I need to be the judge of this. I also was given a table because I had desert coming. I am totally cool. Some people get a table because they order "Bottle Service" and I get a table because I order "Desert Service"! Look at me now. I'm living the high life.I must say that the ice cream sandwich was delicious. How could this night get any better? Oh yeah another drink. I was about to get up and walk over to the bar when the waitress said, "No you sit down I'll grab you another drink!" I think I can get use to this life. I really loved how service orientated the club was. I was starting to feel like one of those celebrities that everyone sees here. Maybe someone has mistaken me for Matt Damon or Randy Travis. Yeah I have gotten both of those several times in various airports. Or maybe they just treat everyone here like a VIP. I will have to come back to test that theory and I can hardly wait. I also learned a cool tip from the waitress who was trying to keep me around past my bed time. She told me that at 1am they bring out hot fresh cookies for free to everyone in the club. Should I stay? I then learned that it was the same delicious cookie I just had with my ice cream sandwich. Now I was tempted to stay but figured I better move on. You know us cool guys are always on the move. Next stop: My house where there's a raging King Size Comfy Bed. Oh yeah! Look out Chicago!
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Woah.... this is my NEW fav spot!  PB&J cupcake was to DIE FOR!  I must go sample more things!  Although I did try a lot of things....*Molasses cookie was awesome*Chocolate Chip cookie sammie filled with butter cream, ohhhh yeeeeesssss*Apricot bar was just okay*Peanut butter rice crispie thingie with chocolate on top, YUMI shudder to think about the calories of this stuff because it actually tastes like BUTTER and shortening and of course...homemade love :)
<review# 3,isUSA=True>Chill bar to grab a drink. Nothing fancy here. Cash only so bring some greens. ATM in the back. Pool table, dart board, and jukebox for entertainment with flats screen tvs. Great specials. Full bar with good variation on tap. Prices are good.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>If you are looking to visit the Obsevatory and can't decide between going to the Willis Tower and John Hancock- I personally feel you can see a liltte more with visiting the John Hancock. The 'Tilt' is not really worth it for 7 dollars more but if you have kids- then possibly, as an adult, I would rather go when I did (weekday around 6:30 p.m) to avoid all the crowds and sit down with coffee and enjoy the view. The beauty of seeing Chicago from so up above is breathtaking. Being someone raised in Chicago, I was surprised I hadn't visited earlier. Whether you're a tourist, or someone that just hasn't either dined in the Signature Room, then this is the a must do. It's also a perfect romantic date idea!
<review# 5,isUSA=True>Got here right at 7:55 AM and waited patiently for a friend even though the donuts were singing to me. *Sigh* There were about 5 people waiting ahead of me and I had to reluctantly let them pass... oh well. I ended up grabbing their chestnut donut ($3) and a cup of Bowtruss coffee ($1) and they perfectly complemented each other. The chestnut donut wasn't too overwhelmingly sweet and very doughy. The size is HUMONGOUS! And I'll probably skip lunch today. It was so worth it though! I hate it when donuts are so ickily sweet that you feel bloated afterwards. Nope, I'm a huge fan of the high quality of their donuts. I would definitely come back.The place is also tucked away on Franklin close to the Merchandise Mart. It has a really cute, light blue exterior and a nice patio. It's really small -- maybe fits 8 people inside? Don't forget that people get boxes for work (such generous people... can I work where you work?) so get there early!ALSO: It says that they're cash only but I think they just switched over to card so they take that as well now.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>Oh God.  Avec.  Mmmmm.(1)  The wait will be long.  Put your name in and go nearby for a drink.  We checked out Lone Wolf (delish for a drink!)  We were told the wait would be over an hour.  We waited AT MOST 40 minutes.  Totally do-able.(2)  Get a bottle of wine.  They have a few very reasonable, delicious french reds at or near the $40/bottle mark.  Can't go wrong.(3) GET THE FOCCACIA.  It has Ricotta and truffle in it and it is AMAZING.  It's totally exquisite and delicious and I would bring it to work everyday for lunch if I could.  Oh man.[[  On a recent visit, we also tried:  snap peas (so good we ordered a second round; steak (delish); shrimp pizza (AWESOME); pasta with mushroom bolognese (awful, tbh, oh well); charred asparagus (very very good); labneh cheese with apricots (good but not enough bread); and a sorbet (tasty!)  ]](4) GET THE NUTTER BUTTERS.  I went with a friend who is OBSESSED with these things.  We ordered, I'm not kidding, 5 orders (so, 20 little bite sized pieces of heaven).  We ate them all.  There were three of us.  We are disgusting.We left totally full and happy.  Some people complain about small plates.  Dummies.  Ask your server for some advise--they are there to help you!  They will be happy to point you in the direction of a more substantial plate.  You'll leave happy and satisfied.  AND, for the delicious quality of the food, you won't feel like you're getting ripped off.  Alll that food for three people came to ~180.00 total.  Not awful!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>Magical.  The Farmer's market transforms the usually hectic city corner into a blissful bazaar. On a nice day it's pretty hard to convince yourself to go back to work.  Thursdays have become my favorite day of the week! Everything is so reasonably priced.  You'll pay more at Whole Foods for practically everything at the market. The vendors are nice and everything is fresh.  There is something for everyone.  From fresh flowers to homemade cakes and candy or even just a quick getaway from the office! Stop by for a jar of honey or an Amish donut before it's too late!
<review# 8,isUSA=True>Always in search of good ramen, I was overjoyed to hear that my guy, Mr. Sodikoff, was opening a ramen joint. Some people may not feel the same way, but I definitely got a kick out of the vibe here.  It's similar to something you may find in NYC.  Very minimalist, with a menu only offering two types of ramen to match.  Super tiny (I counted 16 stools) and in the basement of Green Street, you take a dingy staircase into a dimly lit room.  The staircase has a giant hole in the right wall, both creepy and strangely appealing at the same time.The noodles were thicker than I'm used to, but still great. The broth was just the slightest bit salty, and not really noticeable until the bottom of the bowl.  Pork belly was full of flavor and tender.  Small cocktail list and one beer, I think.  Can also order kikusui if the mood strikes.It seems to be a high-turnover, quick-serve enterprise.  No rezzies, just a sign-in sheet attached to a clipboard.  Wait for your name to be called, and make sure you're there b/c if you don't react quick they'll just move down the list.If I could eat a half-pound of ribs at Green Street and wash it down with a bowl of High five ramen, I think that would be my ultimate drop-the-mic moment. It could also be my ultimate pray-to-the-porcelain god moment. I hope for the former.
<review# 9,isUSA=True>When it's late at night and you've had a few too many...it's probably a good idea to have a cheddar char dog and Fatso's will definitely cure that craving! Great staff. The line moves quick. Great people watching. Great food.
<review# 10,isUSA=True>Maybe I'm just done with this whole burger thing or maybe my expectations are too high.So, yeah. This is a burger joint where the fries taste exactly like 99% of the other places that slice potatoes and throw them into hot oil for 3 minutes.I got an entry-level burger, which came topped with cheddar and pickled onions. My first impression: Shouldn't a burger bar give you a BURGER?  I mean, you know, a real manly half-pound minimum burger. DMK gives you--spitballing here--a one-third pound burger that doesn't exactly hide but certainly doesn't dominate the sandwich. If I want a pussy boy burger, I'd go to a pussy boy burger place. Gimme a goddam BURGER.On top of that, DMK deploys one of my least-favorite restaurant practices in the whole world: They sell soft drinks by the can in a waiter-service restaurant and charge you for each one. That's crap. If I want to overpay for soft drinks at a restaurant, I'll go to, like, Brazzaz where they sell 8-ounce bottles for $3 a piece while I chomp on an endless supply of intentionally over-salted meat.Oh, right. How was did the burger taste? Like a burger with a little too much bun. The picked onions were good.
