<review# 1,isUSA=True>Simply delicious!By far the Best meat pie I've ever had! Small quaint restaurant. We walked in on a Saturday no line. Ordered and food came out within 20min. But all freshly made! My boyfriend and I shared the jollof rice with pepper chicken. It was cooked perfectly with a little kick at the end.Small menu but good food! They have a daily menu and then weekly specials. Only thing is they don't accept credit cards but the menu says they do so maybe their system was down. But I'd be prepared with cash for next time. Closest ATM was at the gas station across the street. Can't wait to come back and try some plantains. Use this phone number the one on yelp I believe is incorrect 716-876-3000
<review# 2,isUSA=True>Cafe 59 is my absolute favorite place to get lunch in Buffalo. I go here at least 4 times a week, and honestly, I never get tired of it, mostly because they constantly rotate their specials so you could try something different each day. Portion sizes are also huge, so expect if you order a sandwich, that you're going to pack the other half to go and have it for lunch the next day. :)My favorite special of theirs is the falafel wrap. My other go to is one of their soup specials. Just a bowl of soup and some crackers is a nice, affordable light lunch. Honestly, they have the best soup in Buffalo, so if you're a soup fanatic you definitely have to dine here!If I were to recommend one dish on their daily lunch menu, it's the sweet & spicy boneless fried chicken. It's absolutely divine, and the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life. The sweet and spicy balances perfectly creating a bold, in your face taste of heaven flavor explosion in your mouth. The only thing is it is fried, so I can't order this all the time, but if scientists ever decide that fried food is actually good for you, I would eat it almost every day. :)
<review# 3,isUSA=True>As someone whom loves to go out to a restaurant and have some drinks on a random night of the week, this place is it.The atmosphere is hipster meets young professionals with a splash of the older crowd. I first set foot in the place about 2 months after they opened. It helps that I know one of the bartenders and he suggested I stop by to check the place out. So I did. Their beer selection is phenomenal. They have some of my favorites Anchor Steam, EBC BlueBerry and Lindemans Raspberry Lambic. I've had the burger with bacon, cheddar and bbq sauce. It was delicious. Cooked just right at medium well and came with a side of fries. I love that they are hand/fresh cut but I'm not a fan on the seasoning they use on them. I'm the odd one out apparently! Now I want to try their brunch next!Note: BOGO on Blue/Blue Light during Buffalo sports.
<review# 4,isUSA=True>Lloyds. The best street tacos you'll ever consume. The  ingredients are always fresh and the staff at all three trucks is consistently wonderful!My recommendations:Everything pork. Their braised pork is out of this world. It's juicy and perfectly cooled and seasoned. I normally have it as a burrito with beans and rice. Rocket sauce if you're feeling fierce!Nachos Reg-u-lar.  Literally just tortilla chips with queso and sauce but it is cheesey, garlic heaven. It's like garlic bread in nacho form.Also. Always try their specials! BE ADVENTUROUS! Personal favorite special is El Hombre and the chicken and waffle southern one! (I forgot what it's called but it's fried chicken, maple syrup, waffle crisp, amd more mmmmmmmmmm)
<review# 5,isUSA=True>This is the most Authentic Mexican food I have found in Buffalo, NY. The menu offered a large variety of tacos, burritos, tortas, dinner entrees, and desserts. My boyfriend and I ordered 4 types of tacos - 1 chicken, 1 chorizo, 1 beef tongue, and 1 salted beef. The chorizo was so delicious. We also ordered a Roast Pork Torta, which was amazing. I've never had a torta before and I highly recommend it if you're a sandwich person. We did order a dinner entrée - I can't remember the actual name of the dish, but it consisted of steak and cactus. The cactus was tender and absolutely amazing. We decided to check this place out based on awesome reviews that we read on Yelp and Urbanspoon - I highly recommend trying this restaurant out. The other Mexican food offered in Buffalo at various restaurants is not up to par with this place. You will not be disappointed. Also, our waitress was extremely sweet and helpful. She had great recommendations and was genuinely happy that we were there to try their food.
<review# 6,isUSA=True>We visited Rue Franklin on a Tuesday evening.  The restaurant was quiet.  We were led to a back patio/courtyard area overlooking a beautiful garden complete with a fountain.  They offer a prix fixe meal Tuesday through Thursday, however we chose to skip as the items didn't interest either of us.The restaurant is beautiful, indoors and outdoors.  Our server was nice and helpful, although more casual than I expected.  For my starter, I had the smoked tuna served with a poached egg yolk on top.  I've never had tuna presented so pretty before!  For my main, I chose the filet mignon which was excellent!  Dessert for me was île flottante (Floating Island).  It was meringue  floating in a custard like cream sauce.  Yes it tastes as great as it sounds.  Everything was wonderful.  Portions were perfectly sized.  My companion has been to many Michelin star restaurants across Europe and raved about the food.  He had foie gras, duck, and an apple tart for dessert.  They were kind enough to give him a birthday candle in his dessert too as we were out celebrating that.  Overall, it is a very pleasant experience.  I highly advise Rue Franklin for any sort of special occasion!
<review# 7,isUSA=True>This is an excellent diamond in the (hopefully disappearing) rough on the West Side.  It's essentially a start-up for immigrants, refuges, and others with marketable skills but simply lacking the credit history to get a business loan.  The food comes from all over the world, with a focus on Southeast Asia (Burmese, Thai, Laos) and African (Sudanese, Ethiopian).  I've sampled each at an open-house, and returned to get dinner from the Ethiopian booth.  Prices at all vendors are reasonable, and the owners truly appreciate your business.  It's nice to know that your patronage can help establish someone pursuing "The American Dream", and that your money is not being funneled up into a corporate sucubus.  I'm not giving 5-stars yet as I have not eaten a dedicated meal at each vendor, and you cannot rate each individual vendor on Yelp.  However, you MUST go check this out and sample the fare.  The only downside is that they close at 6pm, which makes dinner a bit tight.  But, they do offer take-out.
<review# 8,isUSA=True>For out-of-towners, this is a great place to stop for some good food and original beers.  For us locals, it's a place we tend to go only if absolutely necessary.  That's because we know it will most likely be packed with tourists, wedding parties, or suburbanites who don't venture out of their comfort zone.That aside, Pearl Street truly is an asset to the city.  It boasts one of the largest patios in Buffalo with a remarkable view (granted, the gorgeous view is interrupted by the gross thruway, but still).  The bar takes pride in the patio and you will see dozens of immaculately maintained hanging flowers.The food is good - large menu, something for everyone (from pizza, to wings, to pasta, to salads, to sandwiches, to steak dinners, to their *amazing* pot roast).They have a wide variety of beer and there is something to appeal to all different tastes.Also a wonderful spot for a wedding.  Their banquet-type food is excellent and how can you beat an open bar serving all their beer?!?!?
<review# 9,isUSA=True>Best salad in Buffalo.  Personally, I think a salad like this with generous toppings, fresh ingredients, and well tossed should definitely cost as much as a good burger and fries.  It's a $10-$12 salad... I am happy to pay it and have several times now.The location, layout, cleanliness are all added bonuses.  It's a real treat to sit and eat there.  I've also gotten morning take-out which brings me to...The service needs to get a little quicker, especially in the morning.  Opening at 8 is a great idea in theory but only if everything's out and ready to go.  I will absolutely update this once they are operating a little longer and maybe work out some kinks.I'm not completely sold on any aspect of the service really, generally just a little more friendly and knowledgeable about what is offered would hit the spot.  This place has 5 star written all over it, just as soon as the finishing touches come together for which I am very hopeful!
<review# 10,isUSA=True>I'm going to start off by stating that there were aspects of the food that were not up my alley, but I can recognize that the quality and certainly quantity of the food is high and should satisfy many people.The things about the food that didn't work for me were the fact that I found the red sauce to be too sweet, and my side pasta was boiled too long for my taste.  I prefer al dente and this pasta was too mushy for me.But I realize that there are lots of people who prefer sweeter sauce and well-done pasta, and for those people La Costa Verde would be an excellent choice for traditional Italian.My wife enjoyed her spaghetti parm and I had eggplant parm.  The food is plentiful, I was only able to finish about 1/3rd of my dish, and I did enjoy the eggplant in spite of the sweet sauce.  Also, the side salad was very good.  It was almost like a meatless antipasto.Additionally, although it looks like an old tavern from the outside, once you walk in it is a very attractive, updated restaurant.  The service was friendly.  And overall it was a great value.  I would highly recommend for families.
