<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,11/25/2014,166,110,2,4,3>It is cool that Resurgence seems environmentally conscience, saving water, giving grains to local farms, and carbonating their own beer naturally. I loved smokey the beer with coffee, chocolate, and bacon flavors! The Resurgence tavern is very manly, very little frills everything on the walls just seems practical and sturdy. I also like the games throughout the bar like life sized Jengi, corn hole, and darts. They also have a killer back patio area for the few months out of the year that is warm but it does come complete with a fire pit for those colder months. I think the only down side is I wish their beer had more carbonation and I know it isn't as environmental and that isn't how the brewer prefers his beer but hey just my preference. If you are looking for a chill place to wind down especially with your homies after a long work day this is your place.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,11/24/2014,50,61,1,6,4>Mes Que is a little bit of soccer paradise in Buffalo.  During the World Cup Mes Que essentially shut down part of the street to screen the Cup for fans.  They have created a place where soccer fans can come to watch any game you can think of, they have TVs that show the games on all the time.  Aside from the sports part of the bar, they have really great drinks.  My favorite is the mule selection.  They go beyond the standard Moscow mule and offer a huge variety.  They also have a great beer selection and it's different from a lot of other places on Hertel. They really embrace the European beers. and they also have your standard bar beers like Bud and Blue.I haven't eaten here yet, but I hope to soon because I've heard good things about the food.  I'll update my review to include food once I have tried it.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/23/2014,26,161,4,3,2>My first weekend in Buffalo, we were still really new to the area, and wandered towards Allentown to go to a different restaurant. We caught a whiff of this place both coming and going, and we really regretted not giving it a try.More recently, we were able to correct this. It's a bit loud, but most places with extensive bars in Buffalo seem to be. The beer menu is excellent, and worth stopping in for on its own.Food is definitely good, although I was a bit on the drunken side by the time it got to us. I believe I had a combo that included fried chicken, and it was all excellent! It's definitely on my list of places to go back to, and soon.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2014,11/22/2014,100,61,3,6,5>The North Park Theatre is gorgeous! It's a tribute to an era that's come and gone and appears to have come again. It's a beautiful single screen theatre in the heart of the Hertel Ave. neighborhood. It's recent restoration is well done, feeling historically authentic and at the same time modern. What's old is new again. I visited recently for a 30th anniversary screening of Ghostbusters. It seems this is the sort of film they play and they do it well. I think I had more fun than the three year old a couple rows ahead of me (and he got to jump on his seat!) because everything felt just like that first time on the big screen. I understand that they do a variety of anime screenings and take advantage of the fact that the theatre has an actual stage. I'm thinking Rocky Horror Picture Show and I can't be the only one!The best thing is the great leg room (as a tall guy I cannot express this enough). Stretch out. Relax. It's not coach seating. You're viewing in first class!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,11/21/2014,59,84,2,6,5>Visiting here as an adult is surely a much different experience than what I remember as a child. The place has been totally updated. The bright colored folding cafeteria tables have been transformed into sleek black and silver bar tables with stools. They also offer go-karts and minigolf now, too.The whole card issuing system has been updated too. I remember going in this place and having to wait for my handwritten lasertron card to be laminated for me. Now, they give you a card with a QR code that you register on a computer and add your photo to it with the webcam. I was super impressed with the updates.They have a full bar - which I enjoyed after running around for an half an hour playing laser tag with some kids less than half my age. My group of friends sat there afterward and enjoyed a pizza and some beers. The pizza was absolutely terrible but I wasn't expecting much out of the food there. Either way, I had a great time with my friends.This is one of those places that I couldn't go to very often but maybe once every few years I would have a good time.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,11/20/2014,87,124,3,5,4>Went here on a whim looking to try something new in the North Buffalo area. I went by my fellow yelpers with this one and wasn't let down. We were in the mood for burgers so that's what we ordered. The menu was bigger than expected so after taking a look we noticed that there was "award-winning" stuffed pepper soup so obviously we had to try it! Along with that we added on a side of Mac and cheese to see what all the huff is about. I must say that soup was dynamite. I'd go back just for it on a cold winter night (when I'm not watching calories because I sure don't think it's healthy!). The Mac and cheese on the other hand was run of the mill-- I could definitely make it better. I'm well aware that it's supposed to be great but we didn't try any of the flavors because I'm one to try the original before steering away from the recipe. We ended up boxing it to-go as our burgers took most of our appetite. They were pretty delicious. Nice thick and juicy patties on a toasted bun. I wasn't a fan of the type of bun but for the value is sure eat it again. It also happened to be trivia night the evening we went in and they had a pretty good crowd. Can't say I knew a single answer! Oh well. The extensive beer list had me occupied anyways. I think I would return here. Still doesn't beat the value of a Vizzi's burger but the menu is definitely bigger with a better crowd... And outdoor seating! That always earns extra points!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/19/2014,32,67,1,4,5>Maurice is amazing! I was looking for someone to take some length off of my wedding dress (which had five layers of all types of fabric, from lace to chiffon) and he did such a fantastic job! The dress looked incredible and he was so friendly and delightful to work with! My husband even remarked on how he was the "nicest guy in the world" and "could make any bad day a million times better just by spending a minute or two with him." If you're looking for great service, great prices, and just an all around great guy to work with, then you need to go to see Maurice. Note: the location was a little tricky for me to find, but he's located in the small plaza on Niagara Falls Blvd near Eggert  that has the Alfred Angelo store and a few other small businesses.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2014,11/18/2014,66,56,3,3,3>"You're Abe Froman?" "That's right. I'm Abe Froman." "The Sausage King of Chicago?" "Yeah. That's me."-Ferris Bueller's Day Off, 1986********************************************Abe Froman would be proud of this place to be sure. These guys are the sausage kings of Buffalo, specializing in a whole lot more than sausages, including some classy sassy bumper stickers for your car. My favorite reads, "Pigs, they're not just cute, they're delicious!" I know, right? Why advertise a political candidate who you hope will change the world when you can advertise for a beautiful sausage place that you KNOW will change your world.Besides sausage, other notable treasures are their tubes of mustard, my favorite being the Hüttensenf. You know it's the real deal when there's only German on the tube. Straight from Vienna. They also feature shipments of stone oven baked dimpflmeier bread using all natural ingredients. Wander around (there's not really room to wander too much) and you'll find other German treats.If you are new to European sausage, go when it's slow and they'll be happy to give you a quick tutorial. During my little lesson, they kindly offered me a free tasting of one of their smoked sausages! Now I get one every time I go in as a little snack for the road. I honestly haven't tried a sausage there I haven't liked. My favorite is the Sweet Potato Surprise - sausage filled with sweet potato, maple syrup, and green onion. My friends and I took some of it with us camping and cooked it over the fire. Not much later we were snoring under the stars.My last recommendation which will potentially seem gross to you is their leberkäse. Think of it as high-end bologna. It comes plain or with hot peppers. Put some on a couple slices of the dimpflmeier with some of the hüttensenf mustard and let it toast in the oven. Soon you'll be lunching like they do in Deutschland though you will need to walk it off or else you'll be like me - asleep on the couch drooling over your book.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/17/2014,18,48,7,5,4>My husband was out of town, and I stared into the dimly lit confines of our fridge while children ran around officiating Polly Pocket weddings and crushing "science experiments" into the carpet. I thought "Not tonight, Italian Sausage. Not tonight." My patience was short, my toddler was loud, and I used Yelp's search engine to find a place where I could order online and not have to interact with humans. This also saves me from the random "Love you!" I may have bestowed upon a pizza guy once upon a time. Thus, Kabab and Curry.  I fed the kids separately, because they are not Indian food fans- which is good, because this place leans to the expensive side. Then I waited an hour and 5 mins for my food to arrive. It was within the time estimated by their GrubHub service, and I had to clean up the kids' food anyway, so the wait was just as well. I ordered the mixed vegetable platter (expecting there to be leftovers to feed my husband later, to make up for ordering food when I was supposed to make sausage.) They forgot my chutneys, which made me sad. I thought of chasing down the delivery car in my bare feet, in case they were stashed in the backseat, but my neighbors already saw me chase down the Mr. Softee truck a few hours earlier, and I didn't want to risk it. There didn't seem to be a lot of food for nearly $6, especially as it is touted for 2 people, but maybe I just need to work on portion control. While I am usually a samosa girl, I was most impressed by the aloo kababs here. I ate both. Sorry, husband! I did leave a samosa and a pakora. You're welcome. For my main meal, I ordered the chicken korma, medium spice. When I opened it, I was impressed by the mix of colors evident in the sauce, because other chicken kormas I have ordered from other places have appeared very bland and brown, while this was light with hints of black, red and green. I did think the red and green meant trouble for me, as I am not a huge "spicy" person. By bite 4, I was visibly sweating. But I continued, because it was fantastic- the chicken was moist, the sauce was interesting and balanced so that despite the heat, I still wanted more. My children seamed a little concerned, but I just wiped my face and started sticking the papadum in that sauce as well, because now I was hooked. I think I will have to visit the actual restaurant for the full 5 star experience, but this was a nice introduction.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2014,11/16/2014,39,92,2,5,3>Came here on a whim and as a last resort because there is officially no good pizza places around our house in Elmwood village, in our opinion anyway. La nova has seriously gone downhill in quality and up with their prices, mister pizza just isn't good at all, Casa Di pizza is just ok, and just pizza only has good 3 cheese steak pizza - their regular cheese and pepperoni pies aren't so great. Our favorite pizza places are Rocco's in Williamsville and santora's in Depew, so I'm glad we finally found a place we like nearby!It's a tiny space on elmwood but clean and the staff was super friendly. They had 2 tables outside but it was to cold to sit outside, so we ate at the little breakfast bar top area. We got an order of garlic knots and marinara sauce to share - it was delicious!!! It's a must-eat for sure!!! I got a cheese pepperoni mushroom slice and my fiancé got just a cheese and pepperoni slice. - they were both NY style crust but not SUPER thin. It was just right. The texture was good and the bottom had a nice crisp to it. The end crusts were good although I think they'd be a lot better if we ordered a fresh pie and not leftovers from yesterday - we got there right when they opened at noon on Sunday and the pies weren't complete so I can only assume they were leftovers from last night. Nevertheless they were good - one slice is more like the size of 2 slices, so fold them up and eat them NY style!We also shared a slice of buffalo chicken pizza with blue cheese and it was a fresh pie they just made - it was good! The crust was slightly thicker than the regular slices - could have used a little bit more chicken but given the very reasonable prices - I was perfectly fine with it. All in all, everything including a pop came to $13 even. A hell of a lot cheaper than getting  a crappy pie from la nova which ends up costing $30 after delivery and tip!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,11/15/2014,21,34,4,4,4>They offer 50 taps of high quality beer.  You can get 6oz flights, 12oz, 16oz, 22oz.  All are priced great.  The Southern Tier blackwater series always seem a bit overpriced though.Chicken waffle sandwich and the gnocchi poutine are two of my favorites.   The offer a plethora of sides.  My favorites are the poutine fries and the smoked gouda shells.For dessert we get the pillows of love.  They are deep fried dough drizzled with chocolate,  caramel, and strawberry sauces.Service has always been top notch but be sure to call for reservations if you plan of going Friday or Saturday night.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2014,11/14/2014,54,84,4,5,6>I know I've already reviewed this place before, but I love it so much, I couldn't resist updating my review a year later!As mentioned before, it's a very small venue. There's basically two rooms: the bar, when you first walk in, as well as a small area to wait around for a table, and then the next room over, with a handful of bar height tables and chairs. The ambiance is very romantic and the decor is tasteful.We came here once for just a glass of wine and humus & cheese plates, which were great. The wine selection is also great! You wont' be disappointed.However, our favorite reason to come here is the prix fixe dinners on Wednesdays. We asked out of curiosity, and it sounds like there is an average of ~20 reservations on Wednesdays for this dinner special. For $20, you get a three course meal (soup, entree and dessert), and each course is served with a half glass of wine, for a total of 4 glasses. And in all fairness, they are extremely generous half glasses. The coolest part! The owner, Jeff, makes all of these meals himself!  The portions are by no means large, but they are usually perfectly sized and balanced with veggies, meat and starch. An incredible home cooked meal, to say the least.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2014,11/13/2014,59,154,2,7,5>My boyfriend and I had a truly wonderful experience last night.  We decided to step outside the box and try somewhere new.  We've never tried small plates before, so I figured we should give it a go.We arrived at 8:30; I had made a reservation just in case because I was coming off a 13 hour shift and really didn't want to stand around waiting 30 minutes for a table anywhere.  The place was about half full, but I was still glad we didn't take the chance.  Both the host and our waitress (I believe her name was Crystal) explained how the plates work, and were very, very helpful.  They both recommended about 3 or 4 plates for 2 people.  We were both pretty hungry, so we went with 4: the pumpkin risotto (a special for the night), stuffed poblano, lamb sliders, and the social sprouts.The pumpkin risotto was very tasty, but I wish it had just a *tad* more pumpkin flavor.  However, it was creamy and smooth and we both love pretty much every risotto, so we pretty much cleaned that plate.  The lamb sliders were simple, but well executed.  The lamb was juicy and flavorful paired with the sweet rolls (think those packages of Hawaiian sweet rolls you find at the grocery store).  The stuffed poblano was one that both the host and the waitress seemed to recommend. It's a homemade cheesy stuffed poblano pepper served with little toast pieces.  It was delicious!  I don't care for olives, so I just kind of pushed those off to the side, but it was truly delicious.  Lastly, the social sprouts were probably my favorite.  Since the Allen Street Hardware Cafe has not had their honey bacon brussell sprouts anymore, these social sprouts with apple and homemade pancetta were an amazing alternative.A few minutes before our food, we got a little basket of house fried potatoes and a thin crunchy flatbread with some tomato jam-type sauce.  It was a delicious tummy teaser!  We paired our meal with some cocktails; I got the Kentucky Buck: bourbon, ginger beer, and some other delicious additives.  My bf got the Massachusetts and enjoyed it.Lastly, despite being stuffed, we decided to look at the dessert menu.  I asked if it was possible to get 2 different ice creams flavors rather than the 2 scoops of 1.  I know it's not an ice cream place, but hey, I figured it was worth a shot.  The waitress said she fought for us in the kitchen, but they denied the request.  Alas, we still decided to split the Southern Tier Pumking beer ice cream, and by golly was is the star of the meal.  It had the pumpkin flavor I was craving mixed with the maltiness of a beer in a smooth and creamy concoction.  I'm craving more right now!After all was said and done, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  We both can't wait to come back, because we had a tough time choosing from the numerous plates!  Good service and great food really made this a pleasant experience!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,11/12/2014,77,131,1,4,4>Maggie Ryan. That's all you need to know if you have curly hair. If you aren't in love with your curls, stop fighting with them and go see Maggie. She is totally the curl whisperer! When I first started seeing Maggie (formerly at Chez Ann), she took time to understand my hair woes and she knew exactly what I needed - the right cut and TIME. For me, it was letting my hair grow past the trouble spot so that it could really develop the curl/ringlets that I now love.I see Maggie every 6 months or so instead of every 6 weeks with my previous stylist. She could double her price ($60) and it would still be a bargain because of the saved visits.I can't give this shop enough love.  Once you go there, you will completely understand.  People stop me on the street or in the ladies room and ask me where I get my hair done and what products I use (none). My hair is that amazing and it's all thanks to Maggie.If you have curly hair, you need to get yourself an appointment. :-)
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2014,11/11/2014,5,45,1,5,2>Living so close to this place, it's a surprise I have never been to Cecelia's until now. I know it for its Sunday brunch, which I will have to try one day. I came here for a late lunch on a regular weekday and am definitely considering coming back.I came between lunch and dinner so the restaurant was not too busy. Usually at this time, the server at any other restaurant will be unenthused, but not Cecelia's. The waitress we got was cheery and made our dining experience here very pleasant.The menu sounded very delicious and I will have to come back to try more of it out. I settled on the margherita pizza with slices of grilled chicken for a little extra. The chicken made it that much more tasty and filling, although for what I paid, maybe what I received wasn't exactly worth it. This is common at most restaurants so I can't really complain, I knew what I was getting myself into. Definitely check this place out, it's a perfect example that a restaurant can be both casual and fancy.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2014,11/10/2014,9,27,2,3,3>Went here on my lunch today, and as I entered I was immediately greeted by the friendly owners son. I asked for the pork tenderloin sub and he kindly let me know that it's pork loin and not pork tenderloin. Did not make a difference to me and I ordered it hot with provolone, basil mayo and his recommendation the au jus (reminded me of turkey gravy). As I was waiting for my sub to be prepared the owners son made some small talk with me which I greatly appreciate as I would have been standing there in silence for 10 minutes otherwise. As he was talking to me he was cutting up some carrots for their split pea soup tomorrow (all of their soups are homemade and prepared fresh daily). The owner even popped his head out and joined our conversation for a bit. When I was in line to cash out a woman asked if a particular drink they had came in cans. The owner immediately replied to her "we don't have it, but we can definitely order it for you". The customer service at this joint is incomparable and almost made me forget I had some delicious food waiting for me. I got back to work and opened my sub and immediately knew I was in for a treat. The pork was very tender and juicy, and the gravy/mayo/provolone combo was pure perfection. The bread was a standard Buffalo Costanzo's roll but it was very fresh. I think the only thing I wish I had on this sub was some sauteed spinach or broccoli raab, but hey, you cant have everything! Also, they have many homemade salads, deserts (not sure if these are home made), stuffed breads and various Italian specialties. Oh and it's a real Italian deli with specialty meats and other canned/jarred good. In summary I will be back here again and again not only for the food, but the customer service.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2014,11/9/2014,103,177,4,6,3>I love the British Chippy! Fish & Chips in the US the way it's done back in the UK and Ireland? Yes! The overall experience here is pretty basic. British Chippy is located in an industrial section of Buffalo as part of a large warehouse (I guess this is a factory too).  The experience is not all that different than what I experienced in Ireland - Walk in, order, grab food, go. There is a small seating area and picnic tables outside but it's best to think of this as a take-out experience. Plenty of parking is a major bonus although I don't see anybody really walking here.The fish itself? Excellent - Crispy deep fried battered cod. The chips are good although not up to the level I've had overseas. Aside from Fish & Chips you can also order frozen pork pies.Negatives? It's best to not come late in the day as the fish in not made-to-order but left under a heat lamp.  Also, it's cod - I prefer haddock. But real fish and chips are supposed to be cod so it's really an unfair criticism.A great little lunch spot a short drive from Larkinville. Definitely worth a try.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,11/8/2014,5,9,2,3,3>Best BBQ in Buffalo - hands down.  Restaurant setting isn't great, but that kind of adds to the whole BBQ experience.  Service is quick, people are great.  Food is out of this world.  The pulled pork, chicken and everything is wonderful.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the macaroni salad but that's just because I don't like celery and there were large chunks in it!  We have had them cater several events too and it's great.  Everything is prepped and ready, they supplied silverware and it was great.  Best BBQ in Buffalo.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2014,11/7/2014,9,215,3,4,4>Well since it was Halloween afterall and the first stop I wanted to try was busy, I decided to hit this up on the return trip home. I'm glade I did. It's a rarity that I stop at townline pizza but today with it busy and all I'm glade it all work out!I'm a believer in second chances,  everyone needs a second chance! Well today townline was given its shot!Let me say, it was well worth the wait! The dough and sauce is made fresh daily (you can taste the difference) the sauce is perfect to my standards,  not bland or extra spicy or boring. The sauce here has a nice subtle sweetness about it! Kudos guys! The ingredients where tasty as can be. I wish the Peps had a little more char to them but I'm not complaining at all about it!The only complaint I have is I wish the dough was a tad thicker and the crust wasn't as crisp. Don't get me wrong, the pie is by no means a NY style pie. It still keeps it's buffalo bread and born swagger to it, I just wish it had a little more thickness is all.All in all a very tasty solid pie! When I'm home in the Lancaster vicinity I'll certainly stop back now! After today, townline has moved way up on the local pie list!!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/6/2014,14,34,4,3,3>Really a great studio! I was looking for something to change up my exercise routine and decided to try this studio on the positive recommendations of several people and I was not disappointed. I am not the most flexible/graceful person, but I was able to do most of the poses without falling on my face. I went to al "all levels" class, which was just about my speed. The instructors here are great and very knowledgable and encouraging. It is power yoga, so you work it during your class. And they like it hot, so prepare to sweat. You will leave feeling relaxed and centered (and sweaty!).
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2014,11/5/2014,2,32,2,5,3>I love reading all the other reviews of a restaurant before I post mine, just to see what other people thought of the place before I give my honest opinion.  And all of the reviews I read for this place are spot-on.  It's a great place to check out and makes you think twice (in a good way) about going to Blackrock for a great bite to eat and maybe a drink.  For years people in Buffalo have been heading to Allentown, or the Elmwood Village or Downtown, or the Southtowns for something unique, tasty and different but more and more places are popping up in the city and in places that up until recently have been no man land for good food.  This is worth checking out!It's a bar, restaurant, gastropub?  I don't know....it's cool.  It has a 1940's vintage feel inside, from the décor to the servers.  The food is delicious, the menu is not complicated and the prices are great.  There's also a bar if you want to get a drink and live music several times a week.  When I went for dinner I had the Mama Bomb for an appetizer and it was delicious, and I had The Lexington (Grilled Portobello mushroom sandwich with brown sugar and balsamic vinegar caramelized onions and goat cheese. Served with hand-cut fries) and my guest had the Black N' Blu Burger w/ fries which was cooked to perfection and delicious.  Blackrock!  Go figure?!  Worth checking out
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/4/2014,23,39,,2,2>I can't say enough how much I enjoy Merge. From their signature cocktails, the cool interior, their tireless promoting of all things local, everything; Merge is just a concept I can get behind!My husband and I went in for local restaurant week (at least for this particular visit). We were sat, got our drinks, and placed our order in good time. It was really wonderful because we were able to just sit and talk, and we could hear each other easily. There was a local musician playing in the other room doing an acoustic set on his classical guitar, so it was nice to hear him in the background (and of course we left him a tip, too). The food was incredible! My mushroom bourginon with truffle mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach was perfect; a variety of textures that made for a great mouth feel experience. My husband's swordfish was fresh and cooked perfectly, and the spicy lime cream sauce complimented it very well. We ordered dessert too: a carrot cupcake and gluten free oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. Again, the food was amazing! Everything was delicious and we had a wonderful time. I definitely recommend Merge at any point! It's a great place to sit and relax, have a drink, and eat delicious, clean, nutritious food!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,11/3/2014,30,58,1,7,3>Great atmosphere, comfy couches, large selection of hookahs and awesome live music on Wednesdays. This looks like a fun place to come back to.I came here on a whim with friends. We were not 100% sure what the place was but it looked cool, had hookahs (which we were looking for) and live music. We went ahead an payed the $5 cover charged and got director to a very comfy sofa. We ordered a hookah, apple flavor, and hung out for the next few ours.The atmosphere is very chill. Great to go with a small group of friends a share a hookah. For some reason they don't serve alcohol. Not even a beer. I am not sure if this is changing in the future but for me that is the only thing missing. Having a nice wine or a craft beer with a hookah and some live music.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2014,11/2/2014,28,28,3,8,5>Simply delicious!By far the Best meat pie I've ever had! Small quaint restaurant. We walked in on a Saturday no line. Ordered and food came out within 20min. But all freshly made! My boyfriend and I shared the jollof rice with pepper chicken. It was cooked perfectly with a little kick at the end.Small menu but good food! They have a daily menu and then weekly specials. Only thing is they don't accept credit cards but the menu says they do so maybe their system was down. But I'd be prepared with cash for next time. Closest ATM was at the gas station across the street. Can't wait to come back and try some plantains. Use this phone number the one on yelp I believe is incorrect 716-876-3000
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2014,11/1/2014,27,140,3,3,3>Cafe 59 is my absolute favorite place to get lunch in Buffalo. I go here at least 4 times a week, and honestly, I never get tired of it, mostly because they constantly rotate their specials so you could try something different each day. Portion sizes are also huge, so expect if you order a sandwich, that you're going to pack the other half to go and have it for lunch the next day. :)My favorite special of theirs is the falafel wrap. My other go to is one of their soup specials. Just a bowl of soup and some crackers is a nice, affordable light lunch. Honestly, they have the best soup in Buffalo, so if you're a soup fanatic you definitely have to dine here!If I were to recommend one dish on their daily lunch menu, it's the sweet & spicy boneless fried chicken. It's absolutely divine, and the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life. The sweet and spicy balances perfectly creating a bold, in your face taste of heaven flavor explosion in your mouth. The only thing is it is fried, so I can't order this all the time, but if scientists ever decide that fried food is actually good for you, I would eat it almost every day. :)
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2014,10/31/2014,93,55,5,7,8>As someone whom loves to go out to a restaurant and have some drinks on a random night of the week, this place is it.The atmosphere is hipster meets young professionals with a splash of the older crowd. I first set foot in the place about 2 months after they opened. It helps that I know one of the bartenders and he suggested I stop by to check the place out. So I did. Their beer selection is phenomenal. They have some of my favorites Anchor Steam, EBC BlueBerry and Lindemans Raspberry Lambic. I've had the burger with bacon, cheddar and bbq sauce. It was delicious. Cooked just right at medium well and came with a side of fries. I love that they are hand/fresh cut but I'm not a fan on the seasoning they use on them. I'm the odd one out apparently! Now I want to try their brunch next!Note: BOGO on Blue/Blue Light during Buffalo sports.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,10/30/2014,41,12,3,5,4>Lloyds. The best street tacos you'll ever consume. The  ingredients are always fresh and the staff at all three trucks is consistently wonderful!My recommendations:Everything pork. Their braised pork is out of this world. It's juicy and perfectly cooled and seasoned. I normally have it as a burrito with beans and rice. Rocket sauce if you're feeling fierce!Nachos Reg-u-lar.  Literally just tortilla chips with queso and sauce but it is cheesey, garlic heaven. It's like garlic bread in nacho form.Also. Always try their specials! BE ADVENTUROUS! Personal favorite special is El Hombre and the chicken and waffle southern one! (I forgot what it's called but it's fried chicken, maple syrup, waffle crisp, amd more mmmmmmmmmm)
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,10/29/2014,2,3,1,7,5>This is the most Authentic Mexican food I have found in Buffalo, NY. The menu offered a large variety of tacos, burritos, tortas, dinner entrees, and desserts. My boyfriend and I ordered 4 types of tacos - 1 chicken, 1 chorizo, 1 beef tongue, and 1 salted beef. The chorizo was so delicious. We also ordered a Roast Pork Torta, which was amazing. I've never had a torta before and I highly recommend it if you're a sandwich person. We did order a dinner entrée - I can't remember the actual name of the dish, but it consisted of steak and cactus. The cactus was tender and absolutely amazing. We decided to check this place out based on awesome reviews that we read on Yelp and Urbanspoon - I highly recommend trying this restaurant out. The other Mexican food offered in Buffalo at various restaurants is not up to par with this place. You will not be disappointed. Also, our waitress was extremely sweet and helpful. She had great recommendations and was genuinely happy that we were there to try their food.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/28/2014,26,18,2,5,4>We visited Rue Franklin on a Tuesday evening.  The restaurant was quiet.  We were led to a back patio/courtyard area overlooking a beautiful garden complete with a fountain.  They offer a prix fixe meal Tuesday through Thursday, however we chose to skip as the items didn't interest either of us.The restaurant is beautiful, indoors and outdoors.  Our server was nice and helpful, although more casual than I expected.  For my starter, I had the smoked tuna served with a poached egg yolk on top.  I've never had tuna presented so pretty before!  For my main, I chose the filet mignon which was excellent!  Dessert for me was île flottante (Floating Island).  It was meringue  floating in a custard like cream sauce.  Yes it tastes as great as it sounds.  Everything was wonderful.  Portions were perfectly sized.  My companion has been to many Michelin star restaurants across Europe and raved about the food.  He had foie gras, duck, and an apple tart for dessert.  They were kind enough to give him a birthday candle in his dessert too as we were out celebrating that.  Overall, it is a very pleasant experience.  I highly advise Rue Franklin for any sort of special occasion!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,10/27/2014,32,44,4,6,3>This is an excellent diamond in the (hopefully disappearing) rough on the West Side.  It's essentially a start-up for immigrants, refuges, and others with marketable skills but simply lacking the credit history to get a business loan.  The food comes from all over the world, with a focus on Southeast Asia (Burmese, Thai, Laos) and African (Sudanese, Ethiopian).  I've sampled each at an open-house, and returned to get dinner from the Ethiopian booth.  Prices at all vendors are reasonable, and the owners truly appreciate your business.  It's nice to know that your patronage can help establish someone pursuing "The American Dream", and that your money is not being funneled up into a corporate sucubus.  I'm not giving 5-stars yet as I have not eaten a dedicated meal at each vendor, and you cannot rate each individual vendor on Yelp.  However, you MUST go check this out and sample the fare.  The only downside is that they close at 6pm, which makes dinner a bit tight.  But, they do offer take-out.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,10/26/2014,136,280,3,6,6>For out-of-towners, this is a great place to stop for some good food and original beers.  For us locals, it's a place we tend to go only if absolutely necessary.  That's because we know it will most likely be packed with tourists, wedding parties, or suburbanites who don't venture out of their comfort zone.That aside, Pearl Street truly is an asset to the city.  It boasts one of the largest patios in Buffalo with a remarkable view (granted, the gorgeous view is interrupted by the gross thruway, but still).  The bar takes pride in the patio and you will see dozens of immaculately maintained hanging flowers.The food is good - large menu, something for everyone (from pizza, to wings, to pasta, to salads, to sandwiches, to steak dinners, to their *amazing* pot roast).They have a wide variety of beer and there is something to appeal to all different tastes.Also a wonderful spot for a wedding.  Their banquet-type food is excellent and how can you beat an open bar serving all their beer?!?!?
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,10/25/2014,27,54,2,6,4>Best salad in Buffalo.  Personally, I think a salad like this with generous toppings, fresh ingredients, and well tossed should definitely cost as much as a good burger and fries.  It's a $10-$12 salad... I am happy to pay it and have several times now.The location, layout, cleanliness are all added bonuses.  It's a real treat to sit and eat there.  I've also gotten morning take-out which brings me to...The service needs to get a little quicker, especially in the morning.  Opening at 8 is a great idea in theory but only if everything's out and ready to go.  I will absolutely update this once they are operating a little longer and maybe work out some kinks.I'm not completely sold on any aspect of the service really, generally just a little more friendly and knowledgeable about what is offered would hit the spot.  This place has 5 star written all over it, just as soon as the finishing touches come together for which I am very hopeful!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,10/24/2014,4,63,2,4,5>I'm going to start off by stating that there were aspects of the food that were not up my alley, but I can recognize that the quality and certainly quantity of the food is high and should satisfy many people.The things about the food that didn't work for me were the fact that I found the red sauce to be too sweet, and my side pasta was boiled too long for my taste.  I prefer al dente and this pasta was too mushy for me.But I realize that there are lots of people who prefer sweeter sauce and well-done pasta, and for those people La Costa Verde would be an excellent choice for traditional Italian.My wife enjoyed her spaghetti parm and I had eggplant parm.  The food is plentiful, I was only able to finish about 1/3rd of my dish, and I did enjoy the eggplant in spite of the sweet sauce.  Also, the side salad was very good.  It was almost like a meatless antipasto.Additionally, although it looks like an old tavern from the outside, once you walk in it is a very attractive, updated restaurant.  The service was friendly.  And overall it was a great value.  I would highly recommend for families.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/23/2014,168,160,9,9,7>When we moved up here from NYC we were told by some Buffalonians that you have to go all the way to  Toronto to find good Asian food. Well I can confidently say they were wrong. Sun Restaurant is the real deal. We ordered a bunch of stuff and it was all good. Beef Curry (Burmese)- Tender braised beef in a dark curry sauce. served with rice. if you are in the mood for something meaty you'll like this. Children's Pad Thai (Thai) Really good we were surprised that the portion was so big for a Kids menu. It came with a few dumplings and a soda. Pretty good deal for $6. Catfish Chowder (Burmese)- This was my dish and i really enjoyed it. it was topped with fried garlic bits and a fish cake. I was expecting to find chunks of Catfish in it but i think it was ground into the broth. The broth was rich and full of deep flavor. There were a ton of vegetables and the portion was huge. Served with a crispy lentil cracker. Chicken Curry with Paratha (Burmese)  This is basically like roti with a fried pancake. The curry was really great. but i found the pancake to be overly greasy. Sun Combination Platter  We got this because my kids were begging for something fried and so this was ordered. This was the 1 dish that i would say was alright but would probably not order again. Some of it was really good. like the somosa and the squid rings but the fried gourd didn't really work for me.  also the dumplings were just alright. Red Curry (Thai)- Standard Thai Red curry very flavorful and smooth coconut flavor. Not really much heat but it was still good. It was a bright pink color which is not what i am used to but, it still tasted great. Eel Roll (black rice sushi)- Standard Eel roll but made with black rice rather than sushi rice. I found the rice to be a little hard for maki but i overall not bad. Black Rice Salad- this is a sweet salad that plays mainly on texture i think. There is the crispness of the fresh fruit that sits on a bed of red lettuce that sits on top of some black rice that is coated in a sweet sauce.  The description says that this is the dish that made them famous. I could see why. Burmese flat wide noodles- a bit on the spicy side, but really good nonetheless. I only had a couple of bites of this but it was very good. We had a great time here, the wait staff was accommodating and friendly. we will be back.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/22/2014,63,67,1,3,5>I have eaten at Towne during just about every possible time of day - from early morning breakfast, to mid-afternoon lunch with co-workers, to 4am munchies before heading home from the bars.The hours are fantastic, the food is pretty good. I am never blown away by presentation, innovation, or authenticity when I dine here, but I am always satisfied with the portions and comforting flavor profiles.The restaurant is well laid out, facilitating large groups and many smaller ones easily. There's never a wait for seating, but that's a compliment to the restaurant's design, and not a hint at unpopularity.Service is friendly and FAST. I don't think I've ever waited longer than 10 minutes for my food. I would automatically assume that this is because the food is not made to order, but the quality and freshness of the ingredients proves otherwise.If you're visiting Buffalo or just passing through, I would recommend one of our other restaurants that offer regional favorites. Locals, though, could do a lot worse than spending some time (at whatever time of day that might be) at Towne.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2014,10/21/2014,63,92,7,4,4>Finally, someplace that is giving the term, "It was a real sausage fest," a positive connotation! Following a simple formula for success:  keep your options specific, specialize, use the highest quality ingredients, and keep the flavors robust and varied.  Ballyhoo is doing this the right way.Don't believe me? Stop in and speak to the bar-keep Kevin, who speaks as passionately about this business as any business owner I've ever met. It was a sincere pleasure to simply sit at the bar and chat about how much he loves what the owners business, service and food philosophies are.The menu is short - 5 sausage entrees, all hand made with local, high quality products. Add in a soup, salad, slaw or pasta side-dish and perhaps a dessert, which not disappointingly is also a short selection.Cookie ice-cream sandwiches, either chocolate chip, or peanutbutter and made by the owner's grandmother. Talk about home-style!I settled on the Curry Lamb Bam sandwich, which was flavorful and had just the right amount of kick. I veered from it at first, not sure how curried it would be, but it wasn't overwhelming curry by any means, and it allowed the flavors to shine through with every bite.Parking near the casino is close and reasonable, and they do have a small parking area right behind their building. The location might not be as sought after as Chippewa or Delaware, but it is close enough to the Arena, the new Harborcenter, Silo City, the outer harbor and many other newly created Buffalo hotspots.So stop by and give Ballyhoo a try.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,10/20/2014,82,198,5,8,5>I love this store - it's fun, unique and constantly rotates what is available, always pulling you back in for more. The style is a modern take on vintage - typically 50's and 60's - with a strong pin up/rockabilly/goth/psychobilly influence. In a world where 99% of alternative fashion has slunk back to the internet, this shop has seemed to thrive...in Tonawanda of all places (recently rated one of the most conservative cities in the state in the same poll that ranked Buffalo among the top ten most liberal). Maybe it's that it is perfectly positioned along a strip of the CoT that contains a decent array of businesses and is close to the excellent Smoke on the Water, with a fairly fun strip of NT right across the bridge (American Skin Art, Yummy Thai, a cool antique shop, Elmwoody gift shop, Riviera not far, etc). From the hairflowers and earrings they make in-house to the small-quantity sourced shipments they get from all over the country, this is THE place for fun accesories. Chain of bakelite-esque red skulls as the front piece on a 50's inspired beaded necklace? Check. Fishnets in hot pink and sky blue? Check and check. They source a lot of their clothing from small-batch designers and a huge amount of it is from the US which is nothing to sneeze at in a) today's sweatshot-based clothing market and b) a store whose dresses are $75-200 - similar shops in TO visited recently were charging $400-700 for US and Canadian sourced dresses. They also have a large, reasonably priced clearance section all the time. Yes, this place is pricey for clothes versus mall stores, but quality and style are infinitely better and the accessories are very reasonable. I'm personally not a huge fan of many of their men's clothes, but the whole bowling shirt/graphic T with random rockabilly influenced image is just not my bag. If you are into a rockabilly/greaser/Guy Fieri look, I'm sure it is the tits. My bf was also very impressed with some of the men's grooming products he bought there. Frankly, I'm not shopping for men's rockabilly inspired wear, so I deducted nothing for this. My lone complaint - I've noticed in general "plus size" doesn't mean what it used to. Whether it's Target or H & M an XL is the equivalent of a 1990's M-L at best and while I am still wearing M & L 80's and 90's clothing regularly, I find I can't fit into much in modern stores (especially juniors) that isn't a XL or 1x. But that said, I felt this store's supposed non-junior sizing as another reviewer commented is somewhat deceptive. If you are up to about a size 12 or 14 (and really, what does that even mean anymore, because sizes seem so arbitray?) you will unquestionably find something you love. But a 14 isn't plus sized, not by any definition I've ever seen. A XXXL fit fine everywhere but over my relatively meager 40C chest - what 3x person has a chest smaller than that?? A 2x at most stores is a tent on me but I could barely squeeze into a XXL here at all - even with a mildly stretchy fabric it was like paint. Am I crazy - does XXL and 2x not mean the same thing? I have to seriously question what size a person who is over 200 lbs with large breasts - what I would think of as traditionally plus sized - would need if I, being under said size, can't even wear a XXXL here. I will say, the owner stated emphatically that their clothes all run differently. They are from different lines and often made by very small businesses (one line was made by a mother daughter team, presumably out of their home). You can shop by size on their website and their size lists all of the measurements for every item, laid flat - not the ones the manufacturer claims they have, but the measurements the owners have taken. So, maybe I have just been unlucky and tried on a few things from brands that ran small. So, in a nutshell, I would suggest this store to anyone who likes something "different" from most of the fare offered around here, particularly at the mall or the increasingly hoity-toity city botiques who have forgotten their artsy roots BUT if you are a bigger girl don't get your hopes up that you will walk out with a ton of clothing. If anyone else who is thick has had a different experience, let me know!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/19/2014,28,66,3,6,5>Actually, 4.5 but we'll round up! This restaurant is less than a mile from my house... So, I've been here when this place was Fiamma 1 (not impressed), Fiamma 2 (much improved) and tonight. I'm happy to say, I'm very pleased. The service:  spectacular! Well timed, friendly, smooth, knowledgeable with phenomenal recommendations.  James is obviously not a rookie. The food: so good!  Not a huge selection of seafood despite their name, but everything we ordered (at the recommendation of our server)  was phenomenal.The appetizer,  agnolotti of chestnut with brown butter cream and parmiganno foam (fancy term for oversized chicklets of ravioli) was one of the best appetizers I have ever had.  An explosion of flavor in a little pocket. I would highly recommend this.  The wild mushroom was loved by my husband of Eastern European descent.   It was OK, but couldn't compare to mine, in my opinion.  He would disagree!   Honestly, we would have been perfectly happy with a couple of appetizers and some drinks... Speaking of which The drinks: we ordered from the specialty menu. I loved my blood orange martini and the hubby enjoyed his Buffalo Manhattan. The main course: we both had the filet special; mine rare, his medium rare.  Crisp and blackened on the outside, like butter on the inside. Oh, so good :-) The mushroom /onion side you could share as well as the potatoe puree. Both tasty, nice compliments and included with the steak entrees.  No room for dessert, but my coffee and my husband's cappuccino were top notch and a perfect ending to a wonderful meal. Overall,  two drinks (each) with appetizers and coffee was about $100/per person. Not cheap by Buffalo standards, but worth it for a special night. We will be back!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,10/18/2014,126,349,1,6,5>Ok first and foremost, the cajun wings are AMAZING! So good!Now on to the review...Blue Bull opened a few months ago and has grown on me with each visit. It's a great lunch spot for UB employees (Fridays only for now... hoping that will change!) and Stephanie, the Friday daytime waitress, is AWESOME and very familiar with the menu if you have allergies/gluten issues. The food is just fine, about what you would expect for the price (spare the wings, which again, were awesome). The cheese plate is a little underwhelming but a good buy at $9 or so. I've also had the burger and the chopped salad throughout my visits, and have been pleased with everything I've had.The portions and very generous (especially the Friday fish specials) and everything is fresh and cooked from scratch in the restaurant (even the fries!) - no preserved pre-cooked chicken breast things here (like they are up the street at that burger place with the re-breasted bird)! I'm glad to see the menu isn't huge - they do a few things and they do them well. The food isn't earth shattering good, but when it comes to having a lunch or cheap dinner you'll be happy enough. Happy hour is long (I think 4-7) and offers $1 off drinks. You also get a free drink for checking in on facebook (as of the date of this review) which is nice! Free popcorn too.Really a great addition to the area, and as a UB employee I'm very glad to see it there. If they stick to quality ingredients and real food, the Blue Bull will distinguish itself as a great (and best) choice among the chains and preserved food in the area.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,10/17/2014,147,187,1,8,7>What a unique and new activity for a date night!I had watched a TV show, based in Chicago, a few months back and there was a couple attending a paint studio whilst drinking wine.  I thought to myself, "How awesome would it be to have one of these in WNY?!"  Well, much to my dismay, there was one!  I am pretty sure Paint on Tap opened last fall (ish?), but I didn't discover it until early this spring.  Immediately, I jumped on and registered for the "Date Night" themed painting.  Secretly, I withheld this and didn't divulge my grand idea to my boyfriend until the tickets were purchased, and I promised it was a "surprise" that involved a bar.  The key to this place is the bar - you can purchase beer, glasses of wine, bottles of wine for a very reasonable price.  I think it would be very hard for us women to gather significant others for a painting date without that asset.  My conclusions were confirmed after talking to the other couples around us.  (The women registered then were able to convince the hubby with the cue of a bar involved). The instructor was very thorough and informative. She went slowly, and checked with everyone before moving along.  There were transition periods to allow areas on the canvas to dry before moving on to the next step.  This permitted you time to get up, go to the restroom, grab a beverage, etc.  You weren't confined to your chair for the full 2.5 hours.  This brings me to the seating arrangement... The tables were organized in groups of 4; two seats on each side, with another couple sitting across from you.  The class we attended was a full class (around 35 people?), and it was quite tight.  I felt like the couple at the table behind us was sitting on top of us, as we couldn't even move our stools back to squeeze in. All in all, we had an AWESOME night! The couple that randomly sat across from us was a lot of fun, which probably made the night more enjoyable.  My boyfriend seemed to love it as much as me (if not more..shhh), based on his precise and articulate focus throughout the entire class.  For $37.00 a person, it was very affordable.  The cost included all the supplies, a fun date night, and your painting to take home!Already looking forward to coming back :)
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/16/2014,122,85,1,3,5>Stopped in the other day for lunch. From the exterior the restaurant looks pretty standard but on the inside is high quality in every respect. It reminds me of a less commercialized version of PF Chang's. The lunch specials are served 7 days a week from 11-3pm and start at $5.75. Along with the main dish is a choice of fried or steamed rice and soup or spring roll. What a deal!After being seated, fried wontons with duck sauce were placed at the table. The wontons were different than the usual ones. The appearance and taste was a notch up, perhaps they're homemade. My wonton soup was light compared to others. The Ma Po Tofu, a Sichuan dish of tofu and bean curd in a spicy sauce came out piping hot and hit the spot. The portion was fairly large and was enough to take half of it home for another meal. You can't beat a lunch deal like this in town. Highly recommend if you're in the area. Now I just have to come back at dinner to try their peking duck...
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,10/15/2014,10,34,1,5,5>This place is wonderful. We come here to get homemade ice cream, and then walk around with it at Glen Park. It's a fun, lovely date activity.The serving size is generous, and the flavor selection is good (not too many, not too few). Some favorites: Chocolate, Oreo mint, cappuccino chip. (They don't always have all of these.)A few times, I've also gotten a tub of ice cream and huge waffle cones to eat at home. It's a perfect after-dinner dessert on special occasions, like birthdays or anniversaries. It's a creative change from the usual cake.If someone from Sweet Jenny's ever reads this, PLEASE, PLEASE add cappuccino chip as a permanent flavor!! It is delicious. =)
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/14/2014,42,40,2,7,8>Full disclosure: I was absolutely distraught when I heard Bistro Europa was closing and moving to a bigger space. Part of what I loved so much about the old place was the cozy atmosphere. When you walked into the old restaurant, it really felt like you left Buffalo for some small bistro in Paris. The new space is not that. But it is still quite special. What Bistro Europa had in old world charm, Black Sheep has in urban chique. Black Sheep is in a truly beautifully renovated brick building. The tables are made from reclaimed wood, very nicely refinished. There's still a bistro feel, but more stylish. The new bar area approximates the old Bistro Europa. The space is intimate, with a stylish bar and handful of 2 person tables -- each with full service. There's a larger eating space as well, and a patio to boot. I liked the bar area the best, though that may just be nostalgia on my part.The food was simply spectacular. My husband & I shared everything. I like Black Sheep's menu a great deal. The chef focuses on locally produced foods, and always has an interesting mix of meats and seafood. Black Sheep tends toward heavier kinds of foods (a remnant from when the restaurant focused primarily on eastern European cuisine), which is one reason it's fun to share with the rest of the table. We started with drinks. Black Sheep now serves cocktails as well as wine and beer -- a nice change from Bistro Europa. I'm not a big cocktail drinker, but my husband said his drink was very good. Drinks came out with a delicious basket of bread that fans of the old Bistro Europa will probably remember. We followed with the cheese plate, which had an amazing cheddar from Vermont. Next up, pierogi, a classic, and then a peach caprese: peaches, mozzarella, and pesto. I never would have thought to combine peaches with pesto. It was surprisingly tasty. We ended up splitting the steak frites. The steak itself is 16 ounces -- way too much for one person (and at $45 expensive for one person, too). Splitting it worked out just fine. The steak comes with a spicy tasting cress salad and, of course, frites. Everything was prepared very well and was quite delicious.We ended by splitting the sticky toffee pudding, one of my all time favorite desserts. The dish is basically a nicely prepared bread pudding sitting in a delicious pool of toffee sauce with a dollop of home made whipped cream. Simply sublime.Throughout, the service was very good. The staff is friendly and accommodating without being intrusive. Black Sheep is a special restaurant. I can't wait to go back again. And again.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/13/2014,36,63,1,4,5>So for part two if our plumbing fix, I had the pleasure of working with Jeff and Cellino plumbing. Again, at my home right when he said he would be there and right on target with the cost. I knew exactly what I was getting into because with his last visit he told us and keep to exactly what he had said...no surprise new costs or fees! I've felt with many local plumbers with our old home and have to say this is by far the most clear, honest, respectful, and friendly. Doesn't hurt they they do a great job as well! Also, if you check in on Yelp you'll save $35. I'll take any savings I can get, especially when I comes to things I'm not particularly thrilled to spend money on;) it's so tough to know where/who to use for things like this and I'm certainly happy we found them and are able to support their efforts here on Yelp.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,10/12/2014,74,40,4,4,3>A great adventure can start here!Ever since I was a child I wanted to be paleontologist and still to this day anything dinosaur or anything related (extinct mammals) fascinates and keeps my attention. Growing up in Western New York I never knew this place excited but truly wish I did. My adventure started here last where during the "Dig with the Experts" event for which I have returned in 2014 to do it again. There are two parts of Penn Dixie, one is the gift shop that holds a variety of gem stones, fossils and other souvenirs for purchase and the other is the dig site/quarry. Driving up to the quarry is pretty unassuming, it is tucked away behind suburban homes and aside from the large sign at the entrance you might think you have gotten lost. For anyone that doesn't know Western New York is situated on what is the lake bed of an ancient lake and Penn Dixie allows you clear access to the stone that has formed from the ancient lake. Walking down you will see a gazebo which is your check-in point, staff will great you and if necessary discuss what to do. You may want to review their website to be partially prepared. Items you will want to consider bringing are chisels, mason hammers, a bucket, newspapers, gloves, safety goggles and clothing that you are ready to get dirty. Either be prepared to change your clothes or have blankets to protect your seats on the drive home.This will be a labor intensive adventure, although you can find fossils by just walking around the stone piles if you can carefully crack the stones you will also be able to find a variety of fossils. Now you wont be finding the next T-Rex but you will be able to find horn corrals, clams and trilobites. There are signs on site that will help you identify your findings or what you need to keep an eye out for. Remember all of these creatures are very delicate and caution should be taken when handling your finds. It is suggested that you wrap your fossils in newspaper and gently place in bags, any additional work or cleaning can be done at home.I highly recommend that you check out their website to find more information, especially if you have a boy or girl scout troop or any other group that is in need of an educational adventure.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/11/2014,90,142,7,7,8>I know you.I know you because you are just like me.We do not look alike, dress alike or even do the same things, but we are kindred spirits all the same.  You exude a unique style, and an exquisiteness in everything that you do.  You take pride in yourself, your thoughts and your creations.  What you do and how you live, you do well, nay you do proper.  That is not to say you are stuffy, far from it.  You are a bon vivant.  You love life and live it to the fullest.  You love a good conversation with a stranger offering a new perspective.  You do not shy away from the deep philosophical issues.  You explore and learn, and are willing to share that knowledge with others.  You are open-minded and become very bored with the everyday and banal.   You expect others to exude the same verve and passion towards their work as you do.  You want the very best in life, not the most expensive and you understand the difference between the two.  You will not be and are not defined by others.You are not alone.  We are not alone.  We are Buffalo Proper.Jon Karel is one of us.  He is part owner and runs the bar in Buffalo Proper.  He is a rockstar in his realm with an unabashed passion for his calling.  Zack "the cheetah" Mikida is a member of his team.  Zack is one of us.  A heartthrob to the ladies, a ridiculously talented guitarist, and a better bartender. When Jon and his team craft a drink, they craft it proper.  Jon and his bar team are artisans and intellectuals.  They are the very best at what they do.  They chose to live and work in Buffalo Proper, for that we are lucky.Ed Forster is one of us.  He is the executive chef.  He and his team are artisans.  They think like we think, only they think much more deeply about ingredients, parings and where our food comes from.  Ed uses Flat #12 oyster mushrooms on his menu, grown locally in his basement by another one of us, Robbie Gianadda.  Ed featured huitlacoche and boozy freezy pops on his opening night menu.  Ed expands your palate while drawing you in with the most comfortable aspects of your childhood.  His food is exquisite and he and his staff are the very best at what they do.  Ed and his staff are artisans and intellectuals.  Ed is definitely one of us.  He chose to live and work in Buffalo Proper, for that we are lucky.Jon and Ed have broken the mold, as there is truly no genre to describe what they do.  Perhaps the closest I could come up with is "post-gourmet", "neo-American" or "heirloom".  My Wife describes the genre as "curated".  My Wife is one of us. If on a winter's night a traveler were to find their way into Buffalo Proper they would begin to understand how very special we the citizens of Buffalo Proper are.  We have found each other and we revel in that.  All are welcome as this is Buffalo Proper.  Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.  We celebrate differences, in fact we encourage those differences for that is what makes us grow, and learn and deepen our grasp of the moment.  We eat the finest foods.  We drink the finest drinks.  We laugh, we argue, we live.We are Buffalo Proper...the bon vivant's companion...and kindred spirits all the same.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/10/2014,49,43,7,4,6>Why not? If you're into grime, darkness and ten dollar steak sandwiches you are in the right place. They are the only punk bar in town so if you don't like it too bad, what are ya going to go to Broadway Joes?  It's a Buffalo staple. To many people it's a closing bar but it's a great place to be any other time too. Daytime drinking in here is a very different world. A lot of middle aged people yelling at the soaps on the tvs. That to me is equally entertaining then this place at 3:30 on a Friday night. The outdoor patio is a great place to be any time of the year. You get to sit on an old church pew and observe the best of the best walking by. You meet some very interesting and sometimes great people out on the patio.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/9/2014,12,111,4,5,3>A great surprise in what used to be just another neighborhood bar!  I had the burger whilst my dining partner had a lovely bowl of  steak and grass soup.   Okay,  to describe it as a burger is to do it a disservice.  What made the burger special was the combination of cooking the meat properly and the wonderful raspberry tomato jam (ketchup) that was served on top. The service was fast and friendly,  the place was clean, the prices reasonable,  and there is parking behind the building.   What more could one ask for?   This place should be jammed every night!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,10/8/2014,119,125,4,3,4>Did you say, "Breakfast served all day?" I can't get enough of Amy's Place, though lately I've been ordering the same thing for dinner: Lentils, broccoli, home fries, toast with the extra additional of seitan. From 6 to 9 a.m., dine-in only, you can get this same dish for $1.99 (add $3.75 for tofu or setian, which I highly recommend). The service is fast and friendly. Even though I usually order a vegan dish, my meat-loving friend was delighted with his take-out meal, a steak kabob sandwich and a tuna pita. I appreciate that all of the menu's burgers can be made as veggie burgers. The Lentil-Berry Sandwich deserves a review of its own. It truly can feed a family of four. I'm crazy about the Biff Sandwich, also. It's made with barbequed seitan, vegan garlic spread, onions, tomatoes and spinach on a roll. On Amy's Truck, you can get the Biff Sandwich as a wrap, which is my favorite way. I love the pita bread served at Amy's.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/7/2014,168,1331,7,7,8>Cupcakes in OP.  This was an impulse stop for me.   I was at Orchard Fresh and just yelped to see what was in the area that I could check out.  This popped up.  And since cupcakes always make me happy off I went. It's a discreet doorfront.  Don't let it fool you.  Inside is lovely and cute.  There were perhaps 9 flavors in the case when I was there.  I picked up 4.  One peach which we enjoyed.  Fresh peaches I'd wager.  Very nice cupcake.  One chocolate with chocolate frosting.  Very rich.  Enjoyed.  One peanut butter.  Perhaps slightly sweet but good.  One salted caramel.  Least favorite.  Frosting either not blended or supposed to have sugar graduals but it tasted a little odd to us.   These are a normal size cupcake, not a behemoth one. They have a reasonable amount of frosting.  From a balance and ratio view, they hit it.  Not too big.  Not too small.      These are all better at room temp and better if eaten within a day.  If you fridge them take then out before eating so they warm up.  They cost 2.50 each, tax included.  That makes it easy.  I'd stop in again when in the area.  Thanks Julie C., fellow yelper who wrote the review that sent me this way.  Easy parking in private lot.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/6/2014,40,84,4,5,2>This is the only place I will take my watch to in Buffalo. They will service anything from a common quartz battery replacement to a Rolex. I have had, and heard, horror stories about jewelers attempting to repair watches only to break them more (I personally had a watch held "hostage" for 2 years during a repair that kept getting worse). Beware jewelers trying to fix watches because if they break something it has become VERY difficult to find replacement parts. BW&C will give you a quote, repair your watch on time, and I have ALWAYS been very pleased with their work.As far as I'm concerned this is the only place in Buffalo to confidently get your watch repaired.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,10/5/2014,53,252,2,6,4>After reading several glowing reviews on Yelp (and being fans of gastro-pub fare for a Friday dinner) we headed south to Blasdell. Overall, we really enjoyed the outing--the venue looks great inside and the food was very good--but there were a few things that could use a little tweaking.First, while the restaurant is located on a busy street, we had a little trouble finding it because the business name isn't visible when you're headed north on the street. Once we doubled back, we were able to spot it. (Tip: It's next to a Tim Horton's.)There's plenty of on-site parking, so we pulled in and were seated right away by a friendly hostess. Unfortunately, the first table we picked was weirdly low (like, 10 inches lower than a normal table, but with normal-height chairs). The second table we tried had metal bars that prevented sliding your knees under it--and chairs of such uneven heights it made it weird to talk. The third time was the charm, so we finally settled there. (I should note, we saw a few other patrons do this same "Oh--this table is weird!" dance and move around the room, trying out other options.)The menu was exactly as presented on-line--with the addition of four specials. I ordered the Beet Farmer Grilled Cheese ($10), a panini with beets, chevre, greens, and a side of home-made mustard. It was tasty, but the beets and chevre are such strong, earthy flavors that I wished for more greens to help balance them. My husband ordered one of the specials, the Ciabatta Burger ($14) served with bacon, pesto mayo, roasted red peppers, and a fried egg on top. He was a BIG fan of the overall flavors, but felt there was a bit too much of the pesto mayo; by the end of the meal, it had really soaked into the bread and made it hard to eat. We also tried the Farmhouse Frites ($7) with white truffle and peppercorn aioli. We were surprised they weren't crispy (not sure if that was the intent?) but they sure were delicious! (I had my eye on a slice of the wild berry pie--but it sold out before we finished our meal.)In short, we liked Black Iron Bystro--and we felt that the little problems we encountered were surely things that this new venue will work out as they get their sea legs. We're looking forward to trying their food again in a few months!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,10/4/2014,56,82,1,5,4>Pi Craft has become my default stop for a Friday pizza fix, especially if I'm going to hit a movie at the AMC on Maple. It has been compared to Chipotle for the ordering style and speed and just like I wouldn't review Chipotle against a real Mexican restaurant, I wouldn't compare Pi Craft to a regular sit-down pizza joint. That said, for what it offers Pi Craft is top notch. For a set price you can choose as many ingredients as you like to go on your choice of regular or gluten free crust. I typically go for a standard crust with olive oil & garlic (actual real garlic gets schmeared on, which is amazing) topped with mushrooms, spinach, and sometimes banana peppers. I've also tried the original cheese with tomato herb sauce and I'm a fan. After assembling your pizza they throw it on a conveyor belt through the oven, and by the time you figure out what you want to drink and pay the pizza is ready. They have some after-drizzles (pretty sure that isn't the real name) and I'm partial to the balsamic because it's amazing. The pizza is solid, and considering the claim that everything on the menu is under 700 calories, almost too good to be true. (Seriously HOW is everything under 700 calories? Does not compute). Overall, I'm definitely a fan.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/3/2014,267,183,2,6,3>To me this is the best fried chicken in Buffalo, NY hands down. Don't let the exterior fool you, it might look a little rough but trust me, its worth it!I found out this place again from my trusty crystal ball aka Yelp app because i was craving chicken. I noticed my fellow Yelper Fox E. reviewed this place and gave it high ratings. I said, if he gave it high ratings, it must be good.The first time I went there, I got the 1 breast with fries. I added an extra breast and did a side of Mac and cheese.The guy who helped me out the first time I was there fried the chicken fresh. so i had to wait about 15 minutes which was not a big deal. I love it when its fresh and not sitting out. Its worth the wait for them to make you a new batch of chicken.When i get to my office and pop open my container, the chicken was still piping hot and fresh and so was the fries.The chicken breast was nice and juicy and had tons of flavor. The flour mixture they use has a nice Cajun spice kick to it. Its nothing like i have tasted before, very unique and very very good.The skin also was very nice and crispy and crunchy.I went back and few more times after my first experience and each time, the chicken lived up to my expectations of being fresh, flavorful, Crispy, and delicious each time. The few other times I went back, I got mac & cheese and also the peach cobbler. both were wonderful and will get the biggest size they offer in the future.Great place for fried chicken in Buffalo,NY Hands down!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/2/2014,65,55,2,6,4>If you are looking for a classy and upscale establishment and you don't mind spending a few extra bucks then Siena is the place for you.  I came here on a Friday night with some of my girlfriends for drinks and appetizers. I noticed that it was very busy but enjoyable. The crowd was made up of adults ranging from 20's to 60's. It looked like many people were having a date night. I had a glass of wine and we shared some appetizers. We ordered the stuffed banana peppers and the vella pizza. I will describe both in detail in hopes of making your mouth water...Stuffed banana peppers: By far the richest and creamiest I have ever tasted. These spicy peppers still had the seeds and were stuffed with a blend of what seemed like Gorgonzola, mozzarella, and possibly cream cheese. They were baked in olive oil and garlic had a delectable aroma when they arrived. They were cooked to perfection. Each bite was a taste of hot Heaven. I love spicy food and these peppers did not disappoint. I know that each batch of peppers may be more mild depending on the pepper. Either way, it was the most amazing stuffed banana pepper I have ever had...and I have had a lot.Vella pizza: Cooked on a brick oven. It was made up of chicken, seasoned ricotta, spinach, tomato, and balsamic. It was about $17 and was sliced into 8 average sized pieces. It was the perfect size for 3 of us. The ricotta was very creamy and the flavors just blended so well. The crust was crispy and flavorful. I would order this again. I might even call and order this as take out if it is an option! The atmosphere was very nice. The bar was under lit to add to the romantic feel. I noticed that a lot of people had specialty martinis and they had an extensive wine list. It was very dimly lit in the bar area. The bartenders were nice and the bar was fully stocked with many options.I would definitely come here on a date or with the family for a swanky night out. Also, they are owned by the same owners as 800 Maple. Here are my ratings (1-5, 5 being the highest)Parking: 4Cleanliness: 4Atmosphere: 5Price:4
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,10/1/2014,33,34,3,5,6>It's one thing to view Niagara Falls from afar, but it is an entirely different experience when you're IN it. If you haven't done it already, I highly recommend riding Maid of the Mist and going to Cave of the Winds. The Hurricane Deck needs to be experienced at least once. On Maid of the Mist, you get an up close and personal view of the Falls. The boat gets very, very close to the Falls and you can get some great photos.In Cave of the Winds, you go down into the gorge and if you're brave, stand on the Hurricane Deck. This is where you'll experience the force of the Falls. The water is warm towards mid to late summer. I've gone on the Hurricane Deck a few times and it's always a lot of fun trying not to get washed away. If you have time, visit Goat Island and Three Sisters. I go at least 3-5 times a year. In the winter, the view is breathtaking because it's so cold but also the ice on the trees transforms the park into a glittery, winter wonderland. There's also a trolley that takes you around the park and surrounding area (e.g. aquarium) so you don't have to trek around the park if you don't want to. In the cooler months, it is free to park. All other times, $10 to park your car inside the park. There is also a lot of street parking but if it is a particularly busy weekend or day, best of luck.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,9/30/2014,82,148,6,7,7>Am I really writing a review about my urologist?  Um... damn straight!  Early last week, I found myself faced with a scare.  It quickly became apparent that I needed an urology consultation, and I needed one fast.  I consulted a few older relatives, and this was the first name that popped up.  I've generally had a quite poor impression of Buffalo-area medical care since returning from New York City and before that Japan. Timeliness, efficiency, and expertise is sorely lacking by any comparison.  Friends and family members have been mistreated, undermedicated, overmedicated and poorly advised over and over again.  So take it to heart when I say that my experience here was excellent.SCHEDULING:I mentioned that I found myself faced with a scare early last week.  Due to a holiday and some dithering as to who to actually seek a consultation with, I wasn't able to call the office to request an appointment until Thursday morning.  I was seen Thursday afternoon, literally within six hours of my call.  The physician I saw was in surgery all day Friday, so I was seen for imaging and a follow-up consultation the following Monday.  Such promptness is commendable.    CHECK-IN AND PAPERWORK:Okay, so the check-in area resembles a terminal at LaGuardia far more than it does any medical check-in area I've EVER seen before.  With six different individuals solely responsible for check-in and another several dedicated to managing checkout, billing, and file buildup, the process resembles an assembly line.  A good one.  Think Honda.  No awkward sitting around waiting to be called.  No back-and-fro call-ups.  As a self-pay patient, I was also impressed with the cost transparency the practice delivered at both scheduling and check-in.  Treatment costs and billing were articulated clearly and concisely in a manner I'm frankly not used to when dealing with the medical industry.  I'm not sure if this transfers one-to-one to dealing with the myriad area insurance providers, but gauging how quickly other clients were dealt with, I'm confident.PHYSICIAN CONSULTATION:Dr. Richard Gilbert's clarity and thoroughness are textbook.  His demeanor is encouraging.  Is it too cliché to opine that I was impressed with him the minute he stepped into the room?  I explained my symptoms.  He performed his examination.  He gave me a likely diagnosis and an explanation of possible causes.  He ordered further testing.  The next time I saw him, the testing bore out his suppositions.  He re-explained the diagnosis, patients clarified how it differed from other conditions I had read about online at Mayo Clinic and NIH websites, shook my hand, and saw me out.  Action verbs.  Simple sentences.  Why?  Because he has designed his patient consultation process to take action and ease patient anxieties.  During my first visit, he decimated my substantial anxiety level.  During my follow-up, he obliterated what was left of it.  EN FIN:I hope I don't have to visit WNY Urology Associates or see Dr. Gilbert medically for quite some time.  Maybe not ever.  Fingers crossed, right?  But should I need to see a urologist again, I have full confidence in the care that this practice will provide.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,9/29/2014,49,51,3,4,5>I have the most generous and awesome boss in the world for many, many reasons, but the number one reason is that he usually brings me a cupcake at least twice a month. I work ten months out of the year and for my last day he brought in four cupcakes for me to choose from- two Red Velvet (he knows they're my favorite!), one Peanut Butter, and one Bananas Foster. I chose the Red Velvet and it was perfect. The cream cheese frosting stole the show and it was most definitely the best I've ever had. We split the peanut butter, which was good, but I didn't like it as much. Which, could honestly be a matter of preference seeing as I'm not a big fan of chocolate cake. My students split the other Red Velvet and the Bananas Foster and they were very impressed. I also liked that their cupcakes came in a fancy little folded square of baking paper. I don't like the crinkly cupcake tins because they grip onto the cake and half of it ends up in crumbles or on the floor. I gave them a four instead of a five because I haven't physically been to the location and I don't feel like I've tried enough of the menu to make a 5-star commitment.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,9/28/2014,57,144,1,5,7>Whoa! Where do I start? Can I please give this place 6 stars for the best dining experience ever?!Atmosphere: Classy yet casual; nice enough for a date or dinner with the family but casual enough to be comfortable in jeans or at the bar by yourself.Service: Best hospitality ever; from friendly and knowledgeable service to an owner walking around meeting everyone, ensuring that you are enjoying your experience. Everyone was just so enthusiastic to share stories about the food and their family, it really felt like good old-fashioned, Italian family function.The food: When I'm told that someone makes the "best" meatball, I have to challenge that because I am awfully proud of my own. In fact, I'm almost never impressed with meatballs in a restaurant because I can spoil myself at home with homemade sauce and meatballs derived from my family's recipe dating back to my great, great grandmother. But O.M.G! Osteria, you win!The meatball was everything a meatball should be. Nothing annoys me more than a golf-ball sized meatball that needs to be cut with a knife. This thing was huge ($4), flavorful and perhaps most importantly, moist. One bite and I was reminded of my grandmother. The woman next to me said, "It smelled like mom". I think the reason that so many people comment like this is that those meatballs were clearly slow-cooked in sauce and love the way an Italian meatball should be. Love. That is the most important ingredient, my grandmother always said. You taste it here.I also had the chicken lasagna which included fresh tomato and mushrooms and was covered in a creamy Parmesan sauce. It was very good and a unique twist...ah, but that meatball! I ordered a second one.I was going to leave without dessert but Nick convinced me to give the Zeppole a try. I'm glad he did. I'm not a big sweets person so dessert is not a priority for me but that was just a sweet and delicious finale to an amazing meal.Everything about this experience was just perfect. At the bottom of the receipt it says, "Thank you for becoming part of the family!" No, thank you Osteria for making me feel like part of your family! This is hands-down, my new favorite restaurant in Buffalo.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/27/2014,1092,741,20,23,20>Some restaurants have very shy employees, and some are "Shy"er than others. But none are as shy as the employees of Shy's. They are absolutely, definitely, positively, undeniably, irrebukably, "Shy"er than any other restaurant employees in town. Did I just invent the word irrebukably? Jesus.This is in what suburbanites would call a sketchy neighborhood, but it's perfectly safe to visit and buy food. They serve some of the biggest, heftiest, juiciest, hottest, sexiest and heaviest hoagies in town... they might be the best in town, and if not, they're definitely right up there. I like the ones from Zip's, too, and some other places. I definitely think the food at Shia's, for example, is better than Jim's Steak Out.You can basically get a steak sandwich (or some other sandwiches), piled with onions, mushrooms, peppers, and whatever else you want. The bread is wet and dripping from the juice, it's basically heaven. It's a little bit sweet for my taste, but I still adore it, and will go back here on a regular basis to try these very bad-for-you but very good-for-your-taste-buds sub sandwiches.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/26/2014,28,88,2,4,6>Long Story Short: I'll be back to experience a full meal.Short Story Long(er):Stopped in for a celebratory late-evening glass of wine, as I accomplished a goal I had set for myself over 4 years ago. :)Hubby got a small plate of fried chicken and grits, with a glass of red.  I had a rose, and had a couple of bites of the husband's plate. (of course! what are wives for???)Grits were so much better than what we *try* to accomplish at home.  Wish I had the stamina and lack of self-control to try a dish of my own and some dessert but it was getting late and I didn't need a deliciously gluttonous meal before bed.All the more reason to visit again.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/25/2014,180,83,2,8,4>I keep going back to Mother's for 3 different reasons;1. The Kitchen, the kitchen always sends out its food done right and never a half-ass job just to get the orders out. They are always consistant and I know what to expect if I have had that meal before. They are not slow, but they do not rush the table. The food comes out at a perfect pace. Plus, the food is always plated well and is attractive to the eye. As some would say "Mother's sends out great food porn to the table." The kitchen is also coming up with some creative specials for the nights and keeps it changing. 2. The Bar, the bar is open late, large, enough space to eat and not bump the person next to you, and the bartending staff have been there for a while. They know what they are doing, know their customers,and know how to treat everyone, not just the group of hotties at the bar. If you are looking for delious food late at night come to Mother's! 3.The Serving Staff, this is another consistant at Mother's. The Servers always seem on top of thier tables for the night and can really take the resturant experience to the next level. They make great reccomendation for the night and can describe the specials of the night in detail. All are friendly and there to make sure the customer enjoys their night out.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,9/24/2014,43,32,2,6,4>What a great little restaurant! I have been wanting to come here for quite some time but the moment was never right.After a summer day outdoors enjoying the mild buffalo summer, we all went to this place for some dinner.It is a quaint, very casual cafe with some nice Italian charm.The bread they serve was very good with lots of that flour on the crust. It is served with butter and a savory olive spread which I could not get enough of. I wonder of I could buy it in their cafe section?I had the eggplant parm served with a choice of pasta or green beans. WHOA! Thick slices of eggplant piled nicely with a cement of marinara sauce in between garnished with some grated cheese on top. I enjoyed their tangy marinara sauce immensely. The green bean side I opted in for was also excellent. (It does have cheese on it though), it made the dish a lot lighter which is exactly what I was looking for. Also, the service here was great. Our server was seasoned, "with it", and a attentive.I can't wait to come back for the eggplant parm or for their famed pizza which I still (sadly) have not tried.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,9/23/2014,33,157,1,4,4>Had a lovely day of adventures along Elmwood when I stopped at The TreeHouse.I was looking for a gift for my nephew who will be turning 3 in a couple of months. I was looking around for some realistic farm animal toys. His parents only like wooden toys and have been known to throw away plastic toys or toys that need batteries without even opening them. But that's another complaint for another day...I settled on 5 different farm animal toys. They were roughly $6 each. The sales accociate (ugh I wish I remembered her name) was great! She definitely went above and beyond on her customer service. She even gift wrapped the toys with paper that looks like grass.I was so happy with everything while at The TreeHouse!! I will definitely come back for Christmas and other Birthday adventures!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/22/2014,63,44,1,4,6>My evening at Oshun started off with a variety of about 12 fresh oysters I split with my guest. The mixture was from Prince Edward Island, Washington, Massachusetts, and New Zealand. They were the best oysters I've ever had in Buffalo and among the best I've ever had period.Next we split an amazing piece of lobster with a lavender lemon jam that was out of this world, wilted greens, and couscous. We also split grilled broccoli with mushrooms over an amazing bed of perfectly prepared grits.I could have continued to order off Oshun's amazing menu but my guest (my mom!) was full. We split a delicious peach crumb cake or upside down cake- I don't recall exactly what it was called. I had mentioned earlier to our server that we were celebrating my mother's birthday, so after our dessert had been delivered, she casually walked over to our table with a tea candle to serve as a birthday candle and instructed my mother to make a wish. I thought this was a really sweet touch and definitely contributed to the great experience we were already having.I've had a soft spot for Jim Guarino's menus and staff since an old friend of mine worked at Shango back when we were in high school. Oshun has surpassed even my highest expectations. The atmosphere, staff, and menu make this restaurant one of the best in Buffalo. It's also a great place to grab a drink at the bar if you're not looking to have a full dinner.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,9/21/2014,8,65,3,3,2>Let me just start this out by saying that I will eventually end up editing this review several times as I will be back here to try more wing flavors and beers. The first time I went here very recently I went mainly to try the wings. An article was recently released that listed the ten best wings in WNY besides Anchor Bar and Duff's and this place was on the list. I never really knew much about this place before that which is sad because this restaurant isn't too far from where I live. Anyways, this place was noted for having many different flavors of wings besides the traditional flavors. I really came mostly for the wings on this particular trip so I just glanced over the beer and drink menu but didn't order anything from it. The beer selection seemed pretty decent. I had a tough choice picking out the wing flavors I wanted to try because there are so many but I went with 10 of the raspberry BBQ and 10 of the spicy sesame. I also decided to order the stinger sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries since I've noticed in the past that wings often go better with other food rather than by themselves. The food came in a timely fashion and I dove right into my meal. The raspberry BBQ wings were really good while the spicy sesame were okay but had a taste that was very similar to Chinese takeout. I kind of expected that for the sesame flavor though. The stinger was really good. However, the steak on it was whole and very thick and it was difficult to fit my mouth around and bite into. I would prefer chopped or thinner cut steak when on a sandwich but that's just a personal preference of mine. The stinger sandwich was very good nonetheless. The sweet potato fries were very good and were served with some kind of honey butter which I thought was a perfect dipping sauce to accompany them. The friend I went here with also got some sort of hard cider drink which I sampled---okay drank half of! Ha ha. That seemed to be a really great drink pick. I have to sample the drink menu a little more on my next stop here.I was honestly enjoying my meal quite a bit going back and forth between my wings, sandwich, and fries. The restaurant definitely has that neighborhood bar feel and is a cool place to hang out. Overall, a good experience. Congratulations Dwyer's Pub your extensive array of wing flavors has extorted me into coming back here!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/20/2014,72,177,3,8,7>I absolutely love this place! The decor is incredible, they have a great local beer selection, and nearly everything on the menu can be ordered vegan!It really warms my heart to see such a vegan friendly bar downtown, or anywhere in WNY for that matter. The new menu, which will be expanded in the future, has stuffed potatoes and flatbread pizzas. The meat can be substituted with tempeh and for 50 cents, they will sub daiya cheese. Gluten free pizza is also available for a 50 cent up-charge. We ordered the quinoa stuffed potato and the Thai peanut pizza. We chose sweet potato instead of Russet and it really complemented the blackbean/quinoa/pico stuffing. I love sweet potatoes with Tex-Mex food. When we ordered the pizza with daiya, they checked back to make sure we wanted the potato vegan, too, which shows they are both attentive and aware.You can sit right at the bar, against the back wall, or in a booth for a more intimate experience. There's also a good sized patio with a tall table, but not chairs. The great thing about the booths is that there are games inside the table that you can play with magnets...like taking a bottle cap through a maze.I love the location - off the beaten path but with large picture windows showcasing downtown. I also love how the internal windows give you a great view of the bike shop two store fronts down.I hope to make this a regular happy hour spot with my co-workers. The only thing missing is cheap bar snacks; all the current menu items are $8-9. The stuffed potatoes aren't easy to share, but any one of them could be easily converted into nachos (potato included!) for a great snack to share.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,9/19/2014,90,142,2,5,5>A hidden gem.Cash only!If you want a big pile of pasta that tastes delicious with oil, butter, and some kind of other element, you have come to the right place.Basically, my meal was pasta with lentils.  Simple, yet so filling and wonderful all over.  They do some really classic dishes - but the real classic ones.  No baked ziti here.  But don't worry about it - come here and try the food.  You'll find something you like and it will be a great experience.Here's a scenario: come here, get some wine, drink said wine, eat pasta, and go home drunk and happy.(No desserts - at least that I could tell - but serving sizes are so big you won't have room)
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,9/18/2014,198,661,6,7,5>This place is adorable. My mom and I came out here to browse the antiques in the barn and stopped in to see what this place was like. She had been here once for lunch with lady friends. It was quaint, cute, and two bridal showers were happening. A nice bright lovely tea party for a shower. What a great idea! I'd like to come back sometime for a proper tea experience. The pics of food look delicious! One thing to note though... If there are several people here for showers, parking is sparse. I parked on semi-muddy lawn. Meh. It's a good thing my car wash from yesterday has a 5-day guarantee on it!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,9/17/2014,28,53,1,5,5>Updated review:Apparently, the wonderful previous owners have left for New Jersey.While I was chagrined to hear that, I'm happy to report the food was still excellent. They have added booths along the main wall, which creates a slightly different ambiance. Not better or worse, just different.We had an assortment of small sushi rolls with generous amounts of seafood, steamed veggies with peanut sauce on the side, a Tom Yum chicken soup, and green tea mochi for dessert.If you have never had mochi, it is small domes of ice cream wrapped in chewy rice paper. The combination of flavors and textures is pretty remarkable, and it's not a particularly sweet dessert.Service was a tad slow, though very friendly.I will definitely go back.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,9/16/2014,113,106,1,6,8>Looks can be deceiving... From the outside Teton Kitchen looks a little blah but take a chance and step inside and you won't be disappointed! Taka, who co-owns Teton Kitchen with his wife, is one of the happiest, most friendly people I have ever met AND produces some delicious sushi. After the Yelp Gets Schooled Sushi Making event, I knew Alex showed us Yelpers yet another fabulous place and had to go back ASAP. Last night I was finally able to get back there, accompanied by my mom who also enjoys sushi as much as I do. Taka was again super welcoming and made us feel like regular customers even though it was technically our first time actually dining at Teton. We ordered a variety of things: edamame, Rocket Shrimp, Tuna w/ Avocado Roll, Happy Together Roll, Beach Roll, and Taka also brought out this amazing beef salad for us to try. As if we weren't full enough (to the point of getting a to-go box), Taka brought us out two cute little strawberry ice creams that were... you guessed it, yummy! Everything was so, so good! The quality of Teton's fish is high and fresh. His presentation is marvelous and the portions are large. I have no complaints at all. From exceptional customer service to sushi that is the right price and made with high quality fish, Teton Kitchen Thai & Japanese Cuisine is officially my new go-to spot for sushi. I highly recommend Teton's Kitchen!!!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/15/2014,100,61,4,10,7>I've been a patron of the Essex for 7-8 years. I admit everyone there knows my name. Just call me Norm. I've watched it change from a corner bar with a "divey" vibe to a pub with a solid menu. There was a time when being hungry at the Essex meant asking for the delivery menus. Now you just ask for their menu.The owner Macky is a smoker perfectionist. I remember devouring his brisket and such at local charity events and gatherings of friends long before the Essex served food. For me this is one of the charms of the Essex. My local watering hole now serves the food I've known and loved for years. At the same time, if I stopped there my review would be incomplete. Setting all of that aside I'll give you my opinion of the Essex as objectively as possible.The staff at the Essex is really solid. Everyone is friendly and they get your order right. The food is tasty and my wife has quickly become a fan of the smoked burger bringing many friends with her. We pick up from them regularly. For the record the smoked burger is a consistently medium burger (sorry that's your only choice) that you will devour. Having said that, I prefer the BBQ ribs or the grill burger (RARE!) personally. Wet wipes are thoughtfully provided.One thing I like about the Essex is the vegetarian menu options. I typically go for something with meat, but the owner took time to customize his menu to the regulars and that meant a strong vegetarian offering. Smoked spaghetti squash anyone?I love this bar. As a hang out it is top notch. If you're a regular it's home. As a first timer coming for food I can only give it four stars. It all comes down to seating. There's no good place to settle in and enjoy your meal other than the bar. It's an understandable problem as it's a popular place to shoot pool and darts and there just isn't room for much else. If they can sort that I would give it five stars without a doubt.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/14/2014,50,61,3,4,5>I think the name says it all. Based out of an old warehouse on Niagara St., it's very nondescript from the outside, but when you step inside it's not what you would expect.  The brewery is based on one side while the bar is on the other.  It gives you a chance to watch the brewmaster at work.  The beer was great, the staff was knowledgeable, and the atmosphere was what really got me to rate it 5 stars.  I was there for a yelp event, so it was less crowded that I'm guessing it would usually be, but it was an all around wonderful experience.  I would highly recommend stopping in for a drink, and if you get a chance to talk to the brewmaster about the brewing process do it.  He was a really great guy who really loves what he does.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,9/13/2014,29,154,1,3,5>Gemütlichkeit! Black Forest Adler does a fine job representing this word meaning a peace of mind filled with warmth/hospitality/comfort. Our server was efficient and seemed well versed in the menu. They have a full selection of wine and German beers. I went with the Weihenstephan Hefeweissbier which was poured in the traditional tall Weizen glass. The server also brought out the bottle to look at which was a nice touch. Good value for a large beer!  I can highly recommend it as a great accompaniment to your meal. Some pretzel sticks are available for snacking in little barrels on the table. I ordered the Paprika Schnitzel with Spaetzle for a side. It came with a very nice salad of mainly lettuce, croutons, and some veggie/macaroni surprises underneath in a tasty dill dressing. The Schnitzel was two very large pieces of the pork. The breading was even and flavorful (thank you for not being too salty), cooked perfectly, and the meat very moist. The pepper sauce on top had a bit of a sweet and sour vibe to it. Some sauteed sweet peppers in it and it was an excellent accompaniment. The spaetzle is probably the best I have had and was not gummy or mushy. I could eat a whole bowl of just that. I took home half of my meal and it was delicious the next day for lunch.  I also had the chance to sample some of the Limburger cheese platter and the potato pancakes and both were tasty and generously sized for appetizer-portions.They did not skimp on the desserts, and we split/shared at the table. The chocolate hazelnut sundae was out of this world. I love anything hazelnut flavored and this hit the spot. I also love apple desserts and the apple strudel had very nicely cooked apples, a flaky crust, and was also served with a generous scoop of ice cream and whipped cream.The owner/chef came out to check on our meal which I think we all enjoyed.  I have had sampling of German from a friend's family over the years and have always had an appreciation for it, even if I don't get to eat it a lot. There are a few places in Buffalo, but I was impressed with everything here. Don't let the plaza corner spot in the suburbs fool you, this place is very warm and welcoming on the inside.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/12/2014,96,404,6,7,5>I love ice cream.... and I love cute, independently owned ice cream places with heart and soul even more.  So, it's no surprise that I was thrilled to be introduced to this place!  It's like a slice of Americana right in my "backyard". It's right on the  water (Tonawanda Creek) and there are picnic tables and benches scattered around the lovely lawn. I've heard that bands play out on the deck in the summertime and there are car shows and special treats for moms and dads on their respective holidays. Just being there I felt like I was in the 1950's or "Mayberry" or something (smile).Two of us shared a "Strawberry Rhubarb Pie Sundae".  A generous slice of HOMEMADE pie was surrounded by creamy, dreamy vanilla frozen custard and topped with fresh strawberry sauce and whipped cream.  The pie was AMAZING with the perfect sweet to tart balance and a wonderful flaky crust.  A perfect warm weater treat!  And, it was big enough to share (not that I didn't want to devour the entire thing myself!)Why the lack of the additional star?  The ice cream is "Perry's".... not that that's a bad thing.. . It's very good and it's made locally.  I just prefer homemade.  And, the whipped cream (while real) comes from a can.  No big deal.  I still will be back.... many, many (MANY) times.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/11/2014,59,84,1,7,4>I never would have came in here if someone wouldn't have brought me. It's a Chinese restaurant in a Tonawanda Plaza. Inside, it's not fancy. There are a few tables but you order all your food from the counter and they bring it over when it's ready. Along with the typical Chinese menu, they also have a home style menu too. I ordered the shredded pork with garlic sauce off the homestyle menu. My plate was full of shredded pork accompanied with a side of white rice. There were lots of red pepper pieces mixed into the thick sauce. The ratio of rice to sauce was perfect. I had enough for two meals off of this plate. My friend ordered the double cooked pork - which was basically a plate if spicy delicious thick bacon. I tried some but I'm not sure if I could handle eating just that - it was heavy. They had a lot of veggie choices too if you're into that.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,9/10/2014,41,47,1,7,5>Picking a vet is hard. Finding a good vet is even more difficult. I don't even know how we ended up picking this place, but I switched to this Veterinary clinic because I was dissatisfied with the one we had for our cat. The first vet I took my cat to I had for a couple of years, and each time they tried pressuring me into additional non-necessary services. I was practically told I wasn't being a good cat mom if I didn't "____." So I stopped going there and found City Creatures. Dr. Albert and his staff are complete professionals. I appreciate their transparency in their services and their positive attitude. From their reception desk, to waiting room, to services, I am always impressed. In addition to annual checkups and vaccines, my pets have been seen for tooth extractions, flea medications, digestive issues, and hot spots. Over the years, we've interacted with almost everyone on staff (it's a long staff list, check it out) and we've mostly been helped by Dr. Spires and Dr. Sood.  They have excellent customer service and explain everything thoroughly so I understand what's going on and how to care for my pets. They provide service estimates before any surgeries and are transparent with procedures and pricing as well. Both my pets are senior pets, but I never feel pressured for additional services that aren't needed. On top of it all, they truly care about the animals.Follow their Facebook page (am I allowed to say that?) for cute daily pictures of animals! Both my pets have been featured (they asked for permission of course). Fun fact: If you want great service and this location is too far for you, Dr. Albert and some of his staff from City Creatures are also at All Creatures Animal Hospital on Transit Road in East Amherst. As a foster mom to my dog, they were amazing with their support of Black Dog Second Chance Animal rescue and did my dog's tooth extractions. They were extremely careful because of his senior age and provided excellent service.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/9/2014,27,185,1,5,5>We stopped here on a random day of stuff to do around Buffalo. It was warm out, but once you enter the area the breeze is really nice and comfortable.  My girlfriend had to drag me here since it didn't sound like much fun, but I am glad she did! I mean it is 100% free, and you just get to walk the trails and see beautiful landscapes.  You may even see an animal or two.  I really enjoyed it..shockingly..and I recommend others check it out for themselves if you got some time to kill and want to do something relaxing.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,9/8/2014,594,380,2,8,5>So full, so if my thoughts aren't completing coherent, that is why.  What a superb first experience at Shango.  Came in for brunch around 12:15 and the place was fairly busy but there was seating available for others.  Everything was so organized, I value organization. I don't want to have to ask for a wine list, cocktail menu, beer list, napkin, water, etc. I just want everything to be there when I am seated or shortly after.  Shango had it going on. There was an extensive beer and wine list waiting for me as well as a brunch cocktail menu. I went with a Bloody Mary and my friend got a glass of Prosecco.  It is very easy to mess up a Bloody Mary, this one was delicious.  The perfect combination of salty, peppery goodness. The garnish was cute, cocktail onions and olives.  I hate both so I was glad the stick wasn't in the drink and kept outside because it made the drink look pretty without tainting the flavor with olive juice.  Our server was professional, informative, kind and patient.  He thoroughly explained the specials for the day which made our ordering decision even that much more difficult.  He delivered warm bread which was very yummy as well.  For appetizers we went with the pecan crusted goat cheese salad which was accompanied with pickled beets, I think they were supposed to be cauliflower but they definitely we not cauliflower, dressed lightly in a grape vinaigrette. The salad was so filling. The goat cheese was one MASSIVE ball, fried, with a pecan crusted outside.  So much goat cheese, so little room. The flavors were delicious.  I would have been satisfied with just this dish and my bloody.  We also went with the avocado spring rolls.  There's something about hot avocado that I just don't like.  I am an avid avocado eater, daily, cold on a salad, but warm avocado doesn't work for me.  However, my friend LOVED them. Definitely a preference thing, the flavors were good as was the chili pepper garlic sauce. Friend got the lobster cakes with poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and greens which she loved.  The portion was filling so she was able to take some home.  I went with the wild mushroom, red pepper and goat cheese frittata.  It was huge.  I only could afford room for a couple of bites and had to wrap mine to go as well.  You have to like truffle oil in order to enjoy this dish.  I wasn't a huge fan of the truffle oil but that was my mistake, the server clearly stated this was a strong prominent flavor.  I took the risk with fair warning, but it just wasn't for me.  The service was really great, he constantly checked to see how we were, made sure we had everything we needed, food came out in a timely manner and the check was delivered appropriately.  I love those meals when you don't have to think about anything but your company and the food.  All the work should be done for you, such as clearing, delivering, refilling, etc and all of that was done at Shango and done to absolute perfection.  Was very impressed.My ONLY complaint about this place was that it was impossible to eat healthy. I'm sure you could ask for a plain mixed green salad but everything on the menu is pretty heavy with sauces, cheeses, gravy, etc.  With that being said, it's New Orleans Bistro, not a health food restaurant so I can't expect healthy choices.  Therefore, the five star rating is totally deserved.  The ambiance in this place is really great as well.  I felt like i was in somewhat of a formal setting in the dining area, but then there was a bar crowd that provided a semi-casual atmosphere as well which I loved.  I can't wait to come back here for dinner and some delicious wine.  Their list looked DIVINE.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/7/2014,66,56,2,7,6>"The cheapest form of travel is a book."**************************************This place is absolutely lovely. Nestled into a little spot on the same block as Sweetness 7 Cafe, Westside Stories brings an artistic charm to a neighborhood that was once overlooked and perhaps written off. I'm not sure if people really realize what they have here - a used book store that is akin to those that line the Seine in Paris such as Shakespeare & Co. Perhaps that sounds like a bold statement for a tiny bookshop on Grant St. in little old Buffalo but really I am just being honest. Walking through Shakespeare & Co in Paris, you find that the store itself, books lining every surface area of the store save the ceiling for obvious reasons, emerges as an artistic expression in an artistically beautiful quarter of an artistically-minded city. And what do we have here in Buffalo albeit on a smaller scale? We have a quaint bookshop emerging as an artistic expression in an artistically beautiful quarter of our more and more artistically minded city. So when I say that we have a rare gem with this shop, that is exactly what I mean.What I personally love about this store is that on numerous occasions I have found old copies of beloved books that I will treasure forever and will become permanent fixtures in my house. In many ways, I feel like in shopping at a used book store, I have the opportunity to find artwork for my bedroom or living room - I even have a nice copy of a favorite book I keep on my kitchen table. Of course I have good intentions that I will reread such books and they will not just be pieces of artwork to dust off - yet their mere presence reminds me of the stories they contain and ensures I do not forget them. The second part I love is the foreign language section in the back where they have novels in other languages. My father speaks Spanish and enjoys Cervantes and I was able to mail him an old copy in Spanish of one of Cervantes' novels. Awesome. Lastly, I personally just love paper books and the older the better so this place is much like the ice cream aisle at Wegmans for me. Instant smiles as soon as I hit the aisle.Come down here on a late morning or afternoon (check their hours beforehand) and grab a beverage at Sweetness 7, some delicious produce at Guercios, and browse this art/book shop for a while. You're sure to enjoy it and you might just find a personal treasure.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,9/6/2014,39,92,1,7,4>Best wings and beef on weck!!! I live in Elmwood Village and it is quite a hike to get out to Bar Bill in East Aurora. But we try and make it out there at least a couple of times a year, and also whenever friends and family are visiting.Never had a bad meal there, and the prices are more than reasonable. They do take cash only which I'm not a fan of because I'm a credit card collecting points/cash back kinda gal, plus a bit of a germaphobe (you never know where those bills have been!!!)They have updated the outdoor seating area which is really nice, but I still think that there is room for improvement when it comes to accommodations for all the people waiting. I would love to see them expand a little, but I also understand that sometimes, it's best to just stay the way things are.I love chicken wings, and have eaten them from pretty much everywhere in the Buffalo area, famous or not. And I must say, Bar Bill makes THE BEST WINGS. That's right, better than Duff's and Anchorbar and La Nova...etc. My favorite flavors are the cajun wings, the honey mustard, and the hot bbq. Just regular hot (or medium) wings is kind of what started "Buffalo wings" so it's a must-try for first timers or out of town guests, but I must say - our guests liked them, but they liked the other flavored ones even better!The beef on weck is the best you will ever have!!! It literally melts in your mouth. They are better than what you'll get at schwabls and Charlie the Butcher...etc. The horseradish is a bit inconsistent though. Some of them are totally mild, so ask your waiter if he can bring you a couple of others containers until you find one that's potent enough to your liking. There are no clear instructions as to what to do to get on the list for a table, so as you walk in, just look for the bartender (not a bus boy, but the actual bartender) and he'll take care of it. He also makes super strong drinks, I couldn't even finish my second vodka and water it was so strong! And that's very unlike me as I can polish off half a bottle of vodka easily. The drinks were also very, and i mean VERY reasonably priced.Now, go there and enjoy! The meal will definitely come with a side of swelling and/or bloating the next day!!! lol
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,9/5/2014,59,154,3,7,6>Okay, so let me just say that finding good food in the Niagara Falls/Grand Island area is near impossible it seems.  Growing up on Grand Island, we would pretty much always head into Amherst or Buffalo for good local pub grub.  But The Griffon is an outstanding contender.The parents were out of town, so the bf and I got stuck dog sitting on GI.  My dad knows one of the cooks and has been telling me to try The Griffon.  Between that and the numerous amazing reviews here on Yelp, we decided to pay them a visit.I made a reservation at about 4pm for a 6:30 table.  The hostess had to move some stuff around (a good sign) for us.  When we got in, the place was full, and the hostess made a comment about how they are getting booked left and right for tables.The service was very attentive.  Almost too attentive, as the waitress came over before we had a chance to really even look at the beer.  She brought us water while we perused the wide and impressive selection on craft beers.  I went for the Mill Street Cobblestone Stout, since despite being an Ontario/TO brewery, I have never seen it locally.  The bf went with a B Nektar mead, which is an amazing brewery in Michigan that is near impossible to ever find on draught locally (the only other place being Cole's one random night).  Anyway, they offer all different sizes for the beers as well as flights of 6 oz as well, so you definitely have a lot of options.Anyway, we got our drinks and ordered food.  I got the chicken and waffle sandwich, and the bf got the panko chicken.  My chicken and waffle sandwich was fantastic.  It was excellently crafted with tons of salty, savory, and sweet flavors.  Chicken, bacon, Wisconsin cheddar, jalapeno cole slaw, and spicy maple mayo.  To die for.  It was literally so delicious.  The waffle itself was a chive waffle, so the whole dish was just packed with flavor.  I opted for the sweet potato fries with honey butter side rather than the house fries with garlic aioli.  I did try one of the fries with the aioli and it was very delicious, but I really enjoyed my sweet potato fries.Overall, it was a stellar meal.  The prices were very, very reasonable.  If you're in NF, definitely check out the Griffon as it rivals Blue Monk and other gastropubs for sure.  If you aren't, well it's worth the trip for sure.  We will definitely be back!!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,9/4/2014,5,45,2,6,3>Hey, I'm a broke college student and where there's cheap, plentiful food, you best believe I'll love it.Seriously though, Kung Food is awesome! It is right across the street from UB South Campus, making it quite popular with the students. It is a nice change from the stereotypical greasy, takeout Chinese that we, as students, get all-too-familiar with. The portions here are super generous, also! No, seriously, I've always had to take some home, which is rare for me.The staff is young and energetic and always love to have small talk. They add to the great experience of being there!I have had the teriyaki chicken, glass noodles, and cucumber salad, all of which were very good. Their glass noodles are quite tasty, probably my favorite, but the teriyaki chicken is up there as well. Is this is the most authentic Taiwanese food you'll find? No, definitely not, but it is a refreshing alternative to greasy, oily takeout Chinese food for the local residents around the area, which is something everyone can respect.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,9/3/2014,33,55,1,6,5>Love this place for discounted movies. All of the movies here are a bit older, generally they're right out of the big theaters but not on DVD yet. The screen quality is not the best sometimes and can be hit or miss. For the most part its fine but sometimes you'll get a movie where there will be a few lines that go across the screen or something. The price can't be beat though, on Wednesdays and Fridays movies are only $2, and $4 the rest of the week. You can also get a Big Deal package for $7 (used to be $6) that includes a drink and a popcorn too. I actually like their popcorn the best from all the theaters in the area too.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,9/2/2014,77,131,3,5,5>All good music has a groove you can feel in your soul, a beat that makes your blood pound and your heart sing.  Duke's knows music. The live music (almost every night), the great staff, even the divey atmosphere, all come together to create a melody of welcome and acceptance. This is the place you come when you want to relax, hear some amazing tunes, and unwind.It's also now (again) a place you can come for an amazing dinner.In April 2013, the owners decided to go in a different direction with their menu and brought on Chef Red to take over the kitchen from Chef Malik Saint.  2013 was a long summer for me.  I was devastated at the loss of my favorite Chef, frustrated with the inconsistent food coming from the kitchen after the change, and disappointed that my favorite place to hang out and listen to music no longer had food that I wanted to eat.I stopped going altogether at some point. I stopped recommending Duke's for anything more than drinks and music. I found other places for dinner.A new friend asked me recently to join him for drinks at Duke's, which eventually turned into dinner.  What a difference a year makes!  Whatever trouble the kitchen had before finding it's new groove, is now solidly in the past.  I was surprised that night by the food and skeptical that the kitchen would be able to remain consistent.  I returned several times over the next couple of weeks to sample various items off the Specials menu (chopped salad with house cured bacon, soft shell crab BLT, potato and cheese pirogi, grilled salmon).  Each time, the food was solid, the quality and flavor was consistent. This last year has been a struggle for the kitchen to find it's new rhythm but finally the soul of Duke's has returned to its food.Dinner anyone?
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/1/2014,72,331,4,7,3>So we were without the kids as they were at my parents and we decided to go out for brunch before picking them up. Had to stay in the South Buffalo area because we had an appointment in 2 hours, so we were thinking of a good place to go. We had brunch at Brick Oven Bistro once before and were happy with it, so decided to head there, as more out of well there is nowhere else we want to go. Well as we were driving over I started thinking about Dog Ears Café and Bookstore and as if on cue my wife mentions we never checked out that place before. So we changed our minds and headed to there and boy am I glad we did. Was pretty impressed with the place.You walk in and it immediately provides a warm inviting mom and pop feel. The front café area is a small open space with not a lot of seating but we were able to grab a small table for two. Looked over the menu's and ordered. I got what they call the Beast, my wife got a soup and sandwich special, then for drinks I got a coffee,  her a medium shake, and a scone to split. The server / barista  was friendly taking our order and had our drinks and the scone out right away. The scone was fresh and awesome. My wife got what was basically a shamrock shake ( see pic) which she liked. The beast was definitely aptly named as it was big hearty and delicious. Two eggs, hot roast beef, some onions and mushrooms, swiss on ciabatta with some garlic butter. Took a pic of that so you can see it is worth the $6. Soup was a big bowl of roasted red pepper and a nice size grille cheese came with it, not bad at all for $7. Add in the shake, scone and coffee, and it still came under $20 for everything. So you got some good food at fair prices in a nice small mom and pop café, what could be better? Well an attached bookstore with plenty of initiatives helping to promote the literary arts in the community. A nice relaxing bookstore with some seats that they hold meetings and discussion groups at definitely helps provide a good vibe to the whole place. Happy we stopped in for the first time and definitely plan to be back.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,8/31/2014,27,50,3,6,5>After a long, long weekend of celebrating America's birthday I woke up late Sunday morning craving some good old greasy spoon type of diner food. Based on what I have heard about Nick's from reading Yelp reviews and from a couple of my friends, I thought that it time to give it a try. It certainly did not disappoint.For $8 (including tax!) I had a very generous omelet that included a solid portion of home fries and toast. I opted for a 'create your own' omelet of mushrooms, spinach and cheddar. I first inquired if the mushrooms and spinach were fresh, which they were (canned mushrooms are just wrong!). It was huge and prepared perfectly. LOTS of cheese. I might request to go light on the cheese next visit. They offer impressive options for toast including three homemade breads - I went with raisin. It was quite dense and delicious. Good choice! The home fries were my kind of home fries - crispy, chunky and not too greasy. However, for me, they were missing one thing - Frank's Red Hot. Frank's on eggs and potatoes are a must for me. They do have hot sauce but unfortunately it's a cheap alternative to Frank's. I will bring my own next time!. I only managed to eat half of my meal and enjoyed the rest of it later in the day.Great no-frills diner type food. I'll be back for breakfast soon.....with my own bottle of Frank's.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,8/30/2014,30,58,1,6,4>I really, really like this place!I visited Més Que on Sunday to watch the opening game for the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), it was the home team, WNY Flash vs Washington Spirit. They were hosting an official viewing party and some members of the Flash practice squad were in attendance. The bar in the restaurant is pretty big, basically goes from one side of the room to the next and it has two TV mounted right in front. It looks like they carry a pretty decent selection of beers. I am not a beer drinker so I am happy that they have 3 different ciders (Strongbow, Magners and Cidre). They have 4 big TVs, 2 over the bar, 1 next to the bar close to the patio and one on the opposite wall, next to some tables, where it looks you could have your own cheering section. While I was there they played nothing but sports, and not just soccer. They also had a golf tournament and Formula 1 racing. The TV I was interesting in is the one closer to the patio, that the one that streams (from the internet). The food looks excellent! I had the prosciutto, fresh mozzarella and pesto panini. It was so hot and so good! ....I could have one right now.... Next time I'll have to try a salads, the table next to me ordered one and it looked great!I am really looking forward to going back and watching more games!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,8/29/2014,69,317,3,4,5>My husband and I dusted off our bikes after a decade of neglect.  We were anxious to get them up and running, however it was Sunday and the bikes needed some TLC.  This place was one of the few places open so we gave it a whirl.  They looked at my husband's bike and determined nothing was needed but some air in the tires.  Mine needed new inner tubes in both tires and some brakes adjustment.  Cost $36 and they were fast - about a half an hour.  Friendly place.  Can't really compare them to other bike places as I have never been before.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,8/28/2014,28,28,1,4,5>Absolutely Love the bark yard! If you live in the city you know how hard it is to get your dog the exercise it needs. I have a small backyard that doesn't seem to do justice for my border collie/cattle dog pup named Abby. The rules: The off the leash policy is great so the dogs can socialize and chase each-other for hours! Which is much longer than I can run with her! :-p Make sure your dog is dog friendly. There's nothing worse than a grumpy pup to ruin everyone's fun. Lastly, be kind and don't leave the poop behind! Bags and disposables are provided for a reason! The layout: 2 different spots for big and little dogs. A watering hole that is always on!! Thank god. Dog lovers everywhere come here which is great. I've gotten a lot  of good tips and advice from other go owners. Great way to meet new people who have the same interests as you too!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/27/2014,76,55,3,6,3>I won't go too much into my experiences here at Cantina Loco because I have had many and they have always been great!!!Here are a few things though to keep in mind:1. They have a pretty nice patio in the back however you can not just go back and seat yourself. You have to check in with the hostess inside the restaurant which i felt weird because the patio door is near the bar and people just tend to walk out there from the bar... Anyways do yourself a favor and check in with the hostess first!2. They do not have a lot of beers on tap... so if you are a big beer drinker/particularly a tap beer drinker then you should keep this in mind because they don't have a huge selection. I personally like all alcohol and would highly suggest their margaritas and peach sangria. Not mixed together ;)3. The Tacos are quite big but do not come with anything. Keep this in mind if you are starving or want a side with your entree.4. The nachos portions are huge and very filling. Prepare yourself to share.. or not but seriously the nachos can feed 4-5 people as an appetizer. Also if you are a vegetarian you can request no meat on the nachos or meat on the side (if you are sharing with non vegetarians). 5. The roasted corn on the cob with the lime butter is delicious and only $2 for one. Which isn't a bad price for a nice snack.6.They TAKE reservations... So I would highly recommend that since they are really busy all the time. Note: Friday and Saturday Reservations are hard to come by so really plan a week or 2 in advance for a big group7. I personally don't have any tattoos but if you are a tattoo enthusiast you can get free tacos for a year if you get a cantina loco tattoo... details are here: cantinaloco.com
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,8/26/2014,54,84,1,7,5>I'm very excited to write my review for Giancarlo's. I live down the street and have been meaning to try dinner here for a while now. We came here on a Saturday around 4:45. It was a spur of the moment choice and so we were not dressed quite as nice as we should have been. It was quiet and romantic and we were seated at a table towards the back corner away from other diners. I noticed right away our close proximity to the kitchen but you never would have known you were close to the hustle and bustle of the kitchen except for the delectable smells emanating from that corner!Our server was exceptionally good. He was thorough in explaining our choices and was very laid back and professional. I never felt rushed. He was friendly and always wore a smile. It's easy to take good service for granted!The food, oh my gosh. My companion ordered the chicken Marsala and I had a few bites. Delicious! Nothing stodgy or over-starchy about this meal. A perfect serving, not too much. The Marsala sauce was divine. Presentation was also spectacular. Fresh from the kitchen. I ordered a pizza from the specials -Grandma's meatball pizza. Best pizza I've had. Not overdone in any way -perfect balance of cheese, sauce and crushed meatballs. The crust was thin and perfectly cooked through. This was delicious as leftovers as well!One other thing I couldn't help but notice was the cleanliness. The walls were tastefully decorated, not cluttered. The 60+ inch TV's displayed digital artwork and could be seen as overstimulating if you're seated facing that wall. However, it was a refreshing ambiance. We did not order any wine/drinks with our dinner and our bill came to just about $40 including tip. Considering the romantic, slightly dressy atmosphere, we were pleasantly surprised by this price. Of course, a glass of wine each and we would have been pushing $60. This is a perfect date night place! Must treat yourself to a date here!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,8/25/2014,1,29,3,3,4>What a hidden gem.  Looking from the street, you'd never think hidden inside is an eatery.  It looks like a vacant storefront/motorcycle shop.    The staff were welcoming and friendly.  Hidden in back is an awesome patio ... a nice little respite on a Tuesday afternoon from the "real" world.  My husband ordered the Reuben Panini.  The sandwich was stacked so high with corned beef, my husband wound up bringing half home.  I had the Original Gangster.  The corned beef was moist and delicious & piled high & definitely worth the price of admission.  They also provided at no cost a wonderful b owl of vegetable soup & a wonderful tomato with pickled onion salad.  We upgraded & got a side of their German Potato Salad ... delish!  The only bad thing about this restaurant is ... their hours ... M-F from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. when I'm normally working downtown.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,8/24/2014,3,6,4,4,4>I've been down to Sidelines about once a week since I moved down to the Allentown neighborhood in mid-July. The servers that I've had each time have been fantastic. Very friendly, very knowledgeable and not afraid to let me know what their favorite dishes are.I have gotten the Buffalo Wing Mac and Cheese every time I've come. It's got a good kick to it, it's a massive portion and around $14. The place is a bit pricey, not outrageous by any means, but excellent food.I do love the themed names of a lot of their dishes. The Bocce Ball appetizer is delicious. Risotto balls with the marinara, yum! There are a ton of TVs to watch the game, awesome sports memorbilia to set the mood and I love the lighting of the bar. Will come back often and may challenge myself to try something different.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,8/23/2014,26,18,1,5,4>A little shack on a corner in the country...my first impression until I went inside...This little establishment is quite a classy restaurant.  My companion and I came on a whim on a Saturday not realizing it was a reservation restaurant. We opted for a no wait table at the bar and were promptly served. Blue lantern has a large wine and cocktail menu, just the way I like it!! I had 2 martinis throughout the night, the St. Germain and the famous lavender blueberry lemon. Both great, but the lavender blew me away!!  My partner had a ginger beer cocktail called perfect storm in a fancy copper mug. Beware! The drink is $38 bucks unless you leave the mug. Make sure you get your deposit back on the bill. We shared santa fe egg rolls to start. Please order these. They are wonderful.  Black beans and chicken and cheese and corn shoved in an egg roll with chipotle ranch. Yes it's good!   I had ahi tuna that was served with interesting style of cous cous and asparagus. My partner has butterfish, a Thai styled dish.  The ahi was good but the butter fish was FANTASTIC MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOOD!!  Our server was attentive and friendly. I forgot her name. The bar was poppin' on this Saturday night. Although it was expensive, the food and service was grand. I really was impressed with the place. I'd love to go back for dinner or happy hour. PS- don't skip dessert. I had a salted caramel creme brulee that was worth the visit.  Well that and a lavender martini!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,8/22/2014,1,20,3,3,4>My kids have a blast here.  And once they get into the game area, it's fantastic. My main issue is it's a little pricey, and it's incredibly disorganized in the lobby.  There's really no system.  You mill around in the crowd (who ALWAYS stand right in front of the doors).  Once you fight your way through that, and people cutting you off to get to the desk (the employees are really nice, but the clients are very rude), you sign in with the clerk.  After that, it's great.  My tip would be to do something about the lobby area.My son had his birthday party there, and they asked for a review.  I gave pretty much the same review as I have here.  They were very apologetic of the cluster mess in the lobby, and to make up for it, they sent us about 8 free passes.  And it wasn't even a bad review, just an observation on how they could improve.  That's great service, really.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,8/21/2014,5,27,1,4,2>Ordered the take out and pretty impressed.  Had sesame chicken with pork fried rice, chicken lo mein, shrimp tempura role and crunchy spicy tuna role.  The sushi was good and pretty reasonably priced.  The sesame chicken was among the better ones that we have had in the area.  Having both Chinese food and sushi is perfect since I love sushi but my boyfriend could take it or leave it so not too many places where we can get both.  I def would order again and would like to go and eat there as well.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,8/20/2014,27,54,,2,3>I don't even like theater that much but there's nothing like ICTC experience.  You are nearly IN the show with only 3 rows of seats.  I've seen 3 shows; the first had singing that literally made me cry and the second two were truly riveting.Very creative space, acting is top notch, and (the only reason I'd ever give a venue a 5) there's a bar for intermission.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,8/19/2014,12,46,1,5,1>Full disclosure: I own a shop a couple doors down from Black Dots. The shop is a great space, but its's easy to miss if you're not looking for it...tucked in the basement of home on the corner of grant and Lafayette, Josh has a great collection of new and used vinyl. Pricing is great. I found a ton of classic rock used vinyl in the $3-$6, and he's got an extensive collection of punk and hardcore and even some vintage turntables. This place is a hidden gem on Grant St.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/18/2014,168,160,11,3,5>Looks can be deceiving. I actually thought this place was closed down. I would always see their lot empty as i drove by it in the afternoon. Then I drove past it in the morning and the lot was packed. i mean people were making their own parking spaces packed. Thus began my fascination with Emily's. My wife began to think i was getting a little crazy talking about them randomly and out of context. Out of nowhere i would begin talking about Emily's hours. they have one late day which is Friday. and they close at 8. Otherwise they only open till 2 every other day. when they are open, they are packed. why? i couldn't understand it...  it looks rundown.its got horrible hours, it only takes cash, they have a dirt lot. it must be the food! "we have to try it!" i told my wife on multiple occasions.   "ok, ok" she would say but never made any efforts to actually going. So on Mother's Day i took the initiative and decided to go there for brunchi know i know i'm a horrible husband, but i'm a loyal yelper  haha! anyway long story short. What you get at Emily's Family Diner is a really family experience.everyone is so nice. and they use their family recipes and do afantastic job of feeding the good folks of Clarence, NY. I ordered the banana bread french toast and it was as it sounds so so good. As was the shrimp bisque.  All in all my wife was pleased that we came here to eat for Mother's Day brunch so i ended up being the good husband after all.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,8/17/2014,69,102,2,9,5>I can't believe that it took me so long to get here! This is by far the best and most authentic Mexican joints around!  $2.50 for a taco?! are you kidding me?! and they're delicious! I don't spend much time in South Buffalo, but here's a damn good reason. I almost don't want to tell anyone about it so they never go there. What I got:2 veggie tacos = best veggie tacos in the city - hands downHorchata = a little too sweet, but it's tastyWhat my man friend ordered:chicken tostadachicken tacosausage taco= he devoured them all immediately and we both can't wait to go back! (grilled chicken? yes I tried it. yum yum yum. tostada, tasty and crispy. corn tortillas? yes and it comes with two. you could easily order 1 taco and turn it into two smaller tacos, that's if you don't mind a mess.Service was a little slow for us, but that wouldn't stop me. I also saw they do takeout. If you love tacos the way I do, then just GO!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,8/16/2014,136,280,1,7,8>It's been almost 2 years since my first review.  It's time for an update because this place is continuously deserving of 5 stars.Something about La Tee Da feels almost magical.  Okay, I know that's cheesy, but bear with me.  In the summer, you don't walk in the front door.  You have to somehow, intuitively know that the entrance is around the side and into the back patio.  You cross the threshold into the small hostess area and under the large awning and you suddenly feel transported somewhere out of the city.  I would say it is arguably the most romantic setting for a date in the downtown area.The entire atmosphere on the back patio is mesmerizing.  From the lights, to the chairs, to the white tablecloths.  Even the bar, which has lots of available seats at happy hour.They always have a homemade sangria during the summer months and it should not be missed if you enjoy sangria.  Great beer list and friendly bartenders.If you aren't in the mood for a full meal, you can easily eat at the bar.  In fact, there are usually patrons eating at the bar because they simply cannot pass up one of the delicious appetizers.The food is consistently good here.  Their famous, signature spinach balls remain one of the best appetizers in the entire city.  Also a favorite among vegetarians (and omnivores like myself) is the eggplant wings.  They taste just like chicken wings without the greasy, stringy aspects of actual wings.In sum: La Tee Da is a wonderful little oasis in the otherwise grungy Allentown.  It's been a favorite of mine for many years and still never lets me down.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,8/15/2014,63,67,1,7,8>Let's get all of the feelings out right away: I love this bar. Like, a lot.Reasons for the Love:- The bartenders are fantastic. After visiting the bar at least once a week for several months, they've begun to feel more like friends than servers. They're definitely the highlight of each visit.- The beer selection is really good. No, you won't have a choice from 30 of the most pretentious craft beers in the entire Northeast region, but they do a really good job of having a good, rotating, well-chosen selection of beers on hand every week. - The food, especially the tater tots, is delicious. Standard bar fare is prepared with consistency and yumminess in mind. They also have some more creative special options that rotate consistently.- Free Tot Fridays and Free Bacon Saturdays. I can't really say anymore about this. It's too amazing and I'm starting to feel hungry.- Good selection of entertainment. The Geeks Who Drink trivia night on Mondays is by far the best in the city. On other nights, music selections are consistently good and noise levels aren't overwhelming. Another unforeseen benefit of this bar is that it is right across the street from the Hyatt, so there are always travelers stopping in to seek out company. It's a great place to meet new people and have good conversations accompanied by a great beer.Overall, Century Grill is run by some pretty awesome people who are dedicated to providing customers with above-amazing service and delicious food, all in a fun, warm bar atmosphere. Anyone living in or just visiting Buffalo should definitely stop in for a taste of our welcoming culture and delicious bar food!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,8/14/2014,147,187,1,9,5>My cousin and I happened to be walking down Hertel yesterday evening, and couldn't help but notice the amount of people pouring in and out of this place.  Naturally, we had to go in to what the buzz was about.  Upon entering, a hostess handed us a drink ticket for a free drink at the bar - how awesome!! (Later, I found out that it happened to be 'friends & family' night - which explains the massive amount of people).We headed to the bar and ended up trying a couple of different concoctions beyond our "free drink".  The first thing I noticed:  the number of craft beer taps!! Plenty of great choices (see photo).  They also have a fully stocked refrigerator/cooler behind the bar with plenty of bottled choices.  We graciously received a "Smoky basil lemonade" cocktail, from Frank who was behind the bar.  It was delicious! All of the bartenders and staff we encountered were friendly, welcoming, and made the ambiance a fun place to be. We can't wait to return and check out their menu selections.What a wonderful addition to the Hertel neighborhood!ps- for all of the "Resurgence Brewing co." lovers - they have their 'smokey the beer' on tap!!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,8/13/2014,126,349,3,8,4>Definitely a dive. Definitely an odd location. And definitely old school. But also definitely a must-visit if you call yourself a Buffalonian!This is a place you visit to get the real feel of the area... this part of town isn't exactly known for great service or inventive dishes, but you will definitely find the salt of the earth (and enjoy the smell of fresh baked cheerios while you're at it). Parking will cost you during a Sabres game (and possibly other events) and there's no exceptions. And the wings are delicious!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,8/12/2014,82,198,4,6,6>I'm going to cut out one star for the classic "trendy newish restaurant" combination of a long wait, super overcrowded patio, and ultra loud interior. I get the place is popular and I don't begrudge them that, but I have a hard time enjoying myself as much at these places. I have the same experience at Cantina Loco and Black Rock Kitchen & Bar - I love the food (mostly), the service is great (mostly), but the ambiance leaves something to be desired when it is SO. DARN. BUSY. The food was supurb - upscale pub fare at its finest. The duck fries were richly flavored and cooked to crisp perfection. Our table got two orders and pooled our various condiments in the center to share. The dipping sauces ranged from good to excellent, with influences ranging from Creole to Thai. I had one of their mussel pots and they were hands down the best mussels I've ever had - tender, with a mild non-fishy flavor, amazing broth which was perfect for dunking in the bread it came with. My boyfriend got a four cheese mac'n'cheese with braised onions, bacons and a crumb topping that he described as "excellent" with relish in his voice and a smile on his face. The service was decent. Nice enough waitress who was attentive without being around too much. Also enjoyed my beverage, though I don't recall what it was called. A darker beer with fruit notes. I'm not a huge beer drinker, but I greatly enjoy a lot of the "snootier" brews I've tried lately and don't mind spending $5-8 on a glass as it is more of a treat. I'm not going out nightly and getting three of them so *shrug*. Yes, this is a bit of a hipster/yuppie/younger crowd - aside from my bf's 60 something stepfather I was, at 30, one of the oldest people in there from what I could tell - but the atmosphere away from the bar/patio crowd was laid back and prices were not obscene. They do not have reservations for small parties - you have to get on a list once you arrive - so keep that in mind.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,8/11/2014,22,55,1,4,4>Wow!!! This place really took me by surprise. My hubby's been here a few times and insisted that he take me for our long overdue date night dinner. I am impressed! When we pulled in, we noted the amount of cars in the parking lot and my husband mentioned that the place was "small" and it might be quite packed inside. Well, looks are deceiving. There seems to be MUCH more room in there than it looks like. It wasn't packed and we got an amazing table right in the corner by the windows. It was perfect. The service was incredible. The food, out of this world. I was originally planning to order the Caesar salad for my starter, but changed to the Earthy Crunchy Salad because I always get Caesar salads when I go out. I was SO happy I chose that delicious salad!!! Wow. Definitely Earthy. Definitely crunchy. So full of flavor and the dressing complimented it perfectly and was just the right amount. Will definitely get that again next time. I ordered the Pan Seared Scallops & Wood Fired Shrimp and my husband ordered the Blackened Haddock with Crawfish BBQ Dynamite. Both meals were just absolutely incredible and a great value for the price! Everything about this experience was just perfect. Our table, the service, the romantic relaxation of it all, the delicious foods, the drinks... everything was just awesome. My only regret is that this place isn't right around the corner from where I live. I'll definitely be back soon though. This is my new favorite and it'll be worth the drive. Can't wait to go back and hear some live music and check out the coffee bar! I know of a few awesome bands that play here on occasion!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,8/10/2014,18,48,2,5,3>We are new to the area and visited the Eastern Pearl on a Thursday evening. The outside lends itself to "former International House of Pancakes" which makes the inside's warm ambiance a nice surprise. I ordered an Eastern Mai Thai which was a bit heavy on the grapefruit juice, but pretty to look at and easy to drink. My husband raved about the pork fried rice, which the server said was made fresh, and indicated was seasoned with a bit of sugar. I had Pad Thai, which was flavorful and filling (And I actually ate the leftovers, which is the mark of a great meal, as I rarely do so.) There were very few other patrons, so our server was attentive and helpful. Overall it was a great introduction to this area's Chinese food.  As others have mentioned, it would be a bit pricey for take-out, but it makes for a great sit-down option.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,8/9/2014,74,40,5,5,3>I'll start out my saying that I am father to Avenger,  Earth's Mightiest Pug! At the time of this review he is 7 months old, very social and very rambunctious. While he was under 6 months we were able to participate in the puppy play night and it was a fabulous experience.  Avenger was able to mix and mingle with a variety of dogs and the trainers walked the owners through the process discussing the good and bad behaviours. Two of the great things about this night is that it is FREE and there is a good number of dogs to play with. I've been to a different puppy night at a different facility and with only three dogs it wasn't an entertaining night.Since then we've moved on to daycare. Mostly right now Avenger is going on Saturdays and although I should feel guilt for dropping him off on one of my two days home with him the fact that he runs towards the door with a wiggly butt and comes home with a big smile I know I'm doing the right thing.Besides daycare they also have their grooming so I can drop them off for daycare,  they will pamper your pooch and you can then take them home.Avenger comes home happy and tired and if you've ever met this energetic pug you'd know that almost seems impossible.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,8/8/2014,42,40,2,6,3>I go to Trattoria Aroma a lot for dinners. Good food, decent service, nice atmosphere. My favorite is the Parpardelle Piedmonte. I don't usually order pasta when dining out, but this is an exception I'll happily make.Trattoria Aroma ss one of my favorite places to go for a "working drink," when I need to meet someone for a glass of wine and we need to get some work-related things done. But the all-around best time to go to Trattoria Aroma is for brunch. This has got to be my favorite restaurant in Buffalo for Sunday brunch.Why? Well, part of the reason for sure is location. It's really close to where I live. In the summer, I can walk or bike. But more than that, the food is outstanding. Another reason is the atmosphere. The place is warm and inviting, both physically and in terms of the wait staff. It's a great place to eat with friends.The main reason I like the brunch, though, is the food. When you get seated, you automatically go to a table with Italian pastries laid out for you. They are small, bite-sized little bits of deliciousness! The coffee is really good, too. It's served in canisters with the pastries. That sounds gross, like a 7-11, but the coffee is always fresh and hot. I don't know how they do this.I've had a couple of their brunch items and liked all of them. The Omelet Verdure is probably my favorite -- cheesy with yummy veggies -- but I also liked the Breakfast Bowl a lot, as well. I was less happy with their version of eggs benedict. They serve the eggs on biscuits rather than English muffins. That's inventive, but the biscuits are too heavy for my tastes. The hash browns are just the way I like them -- cubed potatoes that are crispy and browned on all sides.I go here all the time for brunch and have always had a great time!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,8/7/2014,36,63,2,6,4>While looking for where to go next (after a dinner at Cantina) we stumbled upon this place. I didn't even know it existed. We had a quick peek in the windows and at the menu on the window and decided to check it out. I wouldn't qualify this as a dive bar at all. There's nice hardwood flooring, a beautiful and (full) stocked bar with a decent selection of Draft and bottled beer, not just your basic blue and bud, a fancy music machine (I just can't  bring myself to call these internet machines  juke boxes), and a decent looking bar food menu. We stayed for a few beers, enjoying the company of the pleasantly helpful bartender. There were only a few others in the place but maybe because it was a Monday night. If I hadn't just had dinner I would have tried one of the Mac & cheese dishes like the stuffed pepper Mac... Sounds awesome!  I'll go back to try out the food for sure but if you looking for a relaxed environment to enjoy a few pops with friends, stop in!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,8/6/2014,49,43,3,6,4>I got a falafel burger with hummus, cukes and tomatos. One of those healthy choices Larkin Square requires trucks to have. It was delicious and sizable, probably the same size as a fast food burger but absolutely quality and delicious. The workers were really welcoming and the experience was really comfortable.  They only had Sprite to drink but luckily i'm into it.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/5/2014,62,99,3,10,3>I am absolutely in love with this place...Ohhh! this concept! It's about time people start paying attention! I waited a bit to review because I wanted to try a few of the items before giving my 2 cents.  I have since been here four times and have ordered a good variety off the menu.Everything is so fresh (that's to be expected, I suppose.)  and the items are all things I would choose to have in my own kitchen.  I've had several salads, all with different toppings....Definitely try the mint/cilantro mix...it adds SO much flavor to the salad.  Hubby has tried a rice bowl, salad, smoothies.  He ate every last piece of rice from the bowl!  The few smoothies we've tried....all great.  I particularly liked the Ventura Blvd and the Bedford Ave.  (less fruit and sugar in those than the others, it seems.)I can't get over the fact that EVERYTHING (Right down to the filtered tap water) is the best of the best!  A few years ago when I first started educating myself on the sad state of our food system in this country, I said to my husband (in desperation one day when feeling hungry and frustrated while on the go) "We need to open a non-gmo, local/organic fast food joint"  and fast forward three years and here it is...My only complaint, as with many of the other reviewers...the price.  Seriously (and i do mean seriously) if the price was a bit lower I would eat here every day, at very least one meal.  I just can't afford it.  One salad and a small iced tea/lemonade was $16.  Another time, two smoothies was nearly $15.  I do absolutely understand that everything organic is more expensive.  I also do absolutely understand you get what you pay for (good or bad.)  But c'mon...can you at least give us an incentive card so that when I buy 10 salads (to the tune of $130 or more lol) my 11th is free???  Same with the smoothies...I'm not sure if a price adjustment is in the works...but I do know backing down on the price a little would increase the regularity of customers' visits  (or at least MY visits! haha)
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,8/4/2014,90,142,9,8,6>Have you ever had that moment when a person utters a phrase immediately letting you know that you and they have achieved singularity in the very essence of your subjective existence?  Recently my Wife and I were invited to a birthday party at Vizzy's.  While I know that Vizzy's is supposed to be a burger Capital of WNY, it is a position which I can not concur (the reasons for which may later be unfolded in a subsequent review).  Knowing that we were in the neighborhood, and having recently dined at Balkan Dining with my 9 year old stepson, I presented my Wife with a logically sound line of argument in favor of dining at Balking Dining in opposition to the burger "palace" which shall not again be named.  As I embarked upon my exposition, I described in dreamy terms the savage wonders of the Bosnian sausages contained therein, at which point she ground me to a halt saying something which shall ring in my ears for the remainder of my days (and which underscores the very nature of our relationship):"Stop! You had me at sausages."  Well, it turned out the restaurant had just closed for the evening and I was forced to dine with the goombah's at the V place; c'est la V.  However, the real tragedy of the evening was that I was unable to expose my Wife to the wonders of Bosnian cuisine.I'll be the first to admit that I know little to nothing about the Bosnian people or their wonderful cuisine.  However, like other small, first generation populations in WNY (like the Burmese) their cuisine can tell you more about the people then you can ever read in the history books.  From a cursory glance at the menu you will notice dishes which are borrowed from other cultures such as Gulash (Hungary), Musaka (Greek), Turkish Coffee (I'll let you guess where this one came from), and Kebabs (Middle East).  This illustrates a land which has seen a lot of foreign invaders, but learns from those invaders, incorporating the creme de la creme of their cuisine, tweaking it to make it their own.  One can also learn from what is missing on the menu, i.e. there are no pork products listed.  The obvious conclusion here is that there is a large Muslim population in Bosnia, which has had a strong influence on its cuisine.Finally, tasting the food, the meat is strongly spiced, and sausages are prominently featured.  These are two signs that many people in the Country were poor and did what they can to stretch out the meat to survive.  Spices cover rotting flavors of old meat, and sausages make use of the "lesser" cuts of meat.  However, as with many countries, including the good ole' US of A, it is the food of the poor, passed down throughout generations and improved over those generations, which become a delicacy and comfort food in the present. While Balkan D was my first experience in the Bosnian culinary realm, I was and continue to be ecstatic about my experiences there.  On my first foray into the Balkan D, my step son and I shared a Sopska Salad (tomatoes, cucumbers, green peppers, feta and herbs) and a mixed meat plate.  The Sopska Salad was light and refreshing and reminded me of Fattoush (Lebanese, coincidence?). The meat plate contained 2 types of house made sausages, the mini Cevapi made from beef and lamb, and the long thin Sudzuki made from spiced beef.  The plate also contained Raznjici (veal kabob with a nice caraway spice) and chicken kabobs.  Hello meat porn!!  They even generously provide the diner with an amazing Lepine, which is a house made large piece of puffy bread, glazed with butter and grilled, to sop up the dish juices.  This dish erotically danced with Balkan spices, and was perfumed with that wonderful flavor that only charcoal can imbue.  While spiced meats such as these could be salty on their own, they are balanced by house made sour cream called kajmak.  Even my notoriously picky step son (aptly dubbed the Little Prince) loved the food and fought me over the cevapi.  My only complaint was that the dish was served with french fries, which were thick cut (not my fav) and became soggy; not needed.On my triumphant return to the restaurant, I had to order the Sudzuki, because I had been lustily dreaming about them since I left the first time.  This time the Sudzuki was served with the obligatory Lepine, I paired the Sudzuki with some strong Turkish coffee served in the cutest decanter, and a take out order of the Meat Pita (Burek) so I could share with the wee monarch.  The Burek is a flaky rolled pastry with black pepper spiced meat spattered in the twisted inner workings.  The Burek had a wonderful texture, crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside, with little meat gems strewn throughout.  This restaurant is merely the newest generation of ethnic foods which have made Buffalo great.  Truly a Hidden Gem and worth a try.  However, if you are anything like me, you would not be reading this because I would have had you at sausages.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,8/3/2014,2,31,1,2,2>This is the place to go if you want a good burger! They have many varieties and will appeal to everyone's tastes. The portions are so big I can't even finish the whole burger. The service is very good and never have to wait for long to get your food. On the weekends they do get busy, but it is well worth the wait! The prices are not expensive and for what you get it is worth every penny. Will be back for more delicious burger...got to try them all!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/2/2014,39,62,2,4,3>Not many places do china quiet like these Chinese people. Prices are fair and when they say ten minute they don't lie. Food is alway piping hot till it drops. And they are very friendly unlike other Chinese restaurants in the area. I usually stick with the general tso chicken with an egg roll or two and fried rice and it's great. Only down side is their menu isn't online :( so I took a few photos and put them up for my yelpers to see what I'm talking about ! Enjoy !!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/1/2014,53,252,2,4,5>We've stopped in here a few times on the way to events at the Erie County Fair Grounds--and it's been a good choice for groups of us who were all looking for something different or dealing with different food sensitivities. The menu is HUGE, so there's something for just about everyone. For VEGETARIANS (like me), the portobello bleu salad is a tasty vegetarian choice. They also offer several veggie wraps--one with grilled vegetables and one that's more like a Greek salad.The restaurant itself is also HUGE, with recently updated decor in the Grand Greek Family Restaurant style that seems to be the ubiquitous "next step up" from Simple Greek Diner. Wood, chandeliers, fireplaces and floral wallpaper surround you at your booth seating.The food is well prepared, especially for so diverse and extensive a menu, but there are no real surprises--which, I guess, is sort of the point. It's a comfortable place where you can bring your kids or your grandma and everyone will feel at home and satisfied with a tasty, reasonably priced meal.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,7/31/2014,10,67,1,4,5>Upon entering the hostess was very welcoming. Service was fast and very helpful with the specials and menu. We ordered the pigkin with baked beans and coleslaw. The pigkin is a combo of pork and smoked chicken. It had great flavor and texture. Loved the coleslaw it was refreshing with the right ingredients. No big chunks if anything. You had your choice of a few sauces as well if you wanted them. I liked that your meat had wonderful flavor without gasping for air drowning in sauce. We also had their cuban sandwich special which had pork, ham, swiss, dill pickle and mustard. The combo was great but the fresh soft hoagie made it awesome. It came with their daily side. Corn bake. I am not a fan of corm but this was like dessert. Must try if it is an option. If you are out here give them a try. You wont be disappointed. And if you have an outdoorsman in the family Johnsons is right next door.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,7/30/2014,58,72,4,9,4>Sato... how I love you.A small husband and wife operation with roots in buffalo and branches in Japan.. I heard of this place a while back, but from two different people I got mixed reviews, so I figured I'd wait until I had a reason to check it out.. Finally, awhile back, I was invited to check it out.. and I've since been back 3 times! (I never frequent the same restaurant)I love the service here, I always feel welcome and well taken care of, which is important to me when I'm paying someone to feed me.  At SATO I often feel like I'm visiting friends.  The highs:The food... perhaps the most important thing about a place to eat... here you get a sense that much, much care (love) is put into the food before it even hits your dish, much less your mouth.  Every item I've ever ordered has been presented as well as it tasted... plus, and woman that can serve 20 soft boiled eggs at once is amazing in my book.-The spicy ramen is worth stopping in for.Also, the Mochi is quite good!And the Sake list is amazing!  Look for the unfiltered Mango Sake.. it's awesome!  I bought a bottle.The lows:  Hard to say.. parking is tough on elmwood.. the place can be a little small.. but I'd wait to park, and wait in line to eat if it was coming out of Chef Sato's kitchen.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,7/29/2014,56,82,2,5,4>I first went to Just Vino for a Yelp event, and liked it enough to come back on my own and with my book club. We had our first book club meeting there on a Tuesday in February, and while there was a decent number of people at the bar when I arrived, they cleared out enough that we had the back room to ourselves after 7pm. The wine selection is (unsurprisingly) fantastic, but a pleasant surprise is how good the food is. We started with an antipasti plate of meat, cheeses, olives and crackers, and I also had the chicken pesto flatbread. It had a really nice ratio of pesto to cheese. They have some interesting dips that I'm looking forward to trying next month. Someone at the table ordered the cookie plate, and the shortbread cookies melted as you ate them (I'm making myself hungry just thinking about it). Just Vino is an excellent spot to relax with friends over a glass of wine or three. Definitely recommended.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/28/2014,56,100,1,6,5>Love this place! The setting is old and not fancy but the food and service here are incredible. We have been coming here for a few months and love the breakfast meals. My personal favorite is the S.O.S breakfast with eggs and my husband usually opts for the eggs Benedict. The breakfast potatoes are always better with the fried onions too! Coffee is delicious and the food is extremely well priced with excellent portions. They also have subs and dinners including fish fry Fridays! On Saturday you can find $1 pancake specials too! The staff is super sweet and very attentive- coming here is always such a treat! If you love great food (and I know you do!) give Trina's a try!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/27/2014,65,55,6,7,4>I recently went to The Lodge for the first time with a group of friend's for a bachelorette party. I must say that I was impressed with everything down to the cool neon lighting in the ladies bathroom upstairs. There is no way you could tell that it used to be Bayou club and lounge. The drinks are pretty pricey ($12.99 for 2 stoli and waters) but worth it for the atmosphere. This is one of  the few bars on Chippewa that makes me feel like I'm an adult. I usually hate going out on Chippewa because I feel like every place is meant for little girls wearing short dresses and grinding on guys. The Lodge is the polar opposite of that. It is classy and crowded with people ranging from 25-55. You can wear jeans or dress up, it really doesn't matter here. We went upstairs and sat at a table overlooking the bar and just enjoyed the eye candy. The bartenders are hot but not very talkative. I got the impression that the staff was kind of snooty but that is to be expected at a place like this. If you are looking for a nice place to go for drinks after work or a casual hangout to meet friends, I would suggest The Lodge. I have not tried the food yet but I will amend my review when I do!! I'm sure it will be fantastic.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,7/26/2014,267,183,1,4,2>This place is wonderful when you need something shipped. They can ship out your package via whatever is most economical for you. Either it be USPS, Fedex, UPS or even DHL.They also have boxes and stuff that you can buy when you need a box to ship your item. They have all your shipping needs covered.The people working behind the counter is always nice and very friendly and genuinely want to help you with mailing out your package.I usually drop my Fedex packages here when something needs to be shipped by Fedex. The wait time was no longer than a few minutes. You are in and out of there fast!Also its not hard to miss, just look for that neon led sign that's outside of establishment. Also tons of parking in the front. For the many times I went, i never had a issue with parking.Great company, frriendly and amazing people and its the best one stop shop for all your shipping needs I have come across since moving to WNY.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,7/25/2014,33,34,3,8,7>When I started writing this, my rating was leaning towards a 3. However after my most recent bubble tea run, I can say it is a solid 4. Lychee & loganberry bubble tea with no sugar (the flavor syrups already have sugar) is the business. Life-changing, mind altering, game changer of bubble teas. I almost exclusively get milk-based flavors and boy am I glad I dared to deviate from my norm. My favorite milk combo is the Almond Joy (chocolate, almond, coconut).I've been coming here since the demise of Bao and I was getting tired of the same ole boba. There is a board on the left side by the register with flavor combo suggestions and it is awesome. I get to try something different each visit. I'm not the most imaginative person and it takes work to come up with decent flavor combinations (I tend to over think it) so that board is a time saver. They've also started offering banh mi on Friday and Saturday but at $5.95 plus tax, it better be an earth shattering experience.Of the bubble tea cafes in the area, Tea Leaf has the most flavor variety. If you don't like tapioca, you can get other add-ons like jelly for an additional cost. For those who don't like sweetened tea and prefer a different experience, Tea Leaf also has loose leaf tea which can be ordered by the cup/mug or pot. Generally, I'm not too impressed with their loose tea selection. Much of it is tea leaves with added flavoring e.g. birthday cake tea which does not appeal to me at all.I've had pots of the silver needle and tie guan yin which were nice. For small plates, the pan-fried dumplings (veggie, pork, or chicken), edamame, and scallion pancake are on point. If you're in a hurry, boiled dumplings will do.There's free Wi-Fi so it's a nice spot to hang out with friends, study, or just chill on your own. During the school year, it tends to get crowded and really noisy. The last few times I've been there, the tables have been a little grimy and the floor super sticky. It also took them forever and a minute to replace the broken couches.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,7/24/2014,49,51,2,11,5>Despite living two blocks away from Niagara Café for the last 7 months and all of the rave reviews, today was the first time I finally stopped in. You won't get treated like royalty here, but that doesn't matter because everything is about the FOOD. I ordered the fried chicken dinner, which came with three pieces of chicken, a side salad, beans, and a mountain of yellow rice--a generous portion for only $9. It was hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had. I even picked the bones clean and I can be very picky about the texture of meat. A few reviewers had a problem with the neighborhood, and I guess it could be a little intimidating for some people, but I'm excited to have found this little gem so close to my apartment and I cant wait to do more exploring on Niagara St. Others also noted an issue with the noise. I would certainly say that Niagara Café is much more lively than your average restaurant. They play some great Latin American music and our waitress, who was a feisty, sweet little grandma would come up to the tables shouting "ole!" At one point the line was almost out the door for take-out, so I understand why people said it was loud. If that kind of atmosphere makes you uncomfortable, you may prefer to order out. But, if you don't mind a bit of a party while you eat, you'll feel right at home.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,7/23/2014,168,1331,7,8,5>I really enjoyed my experience here.  I went because other yelpers created an event, and I'm glad I did.  There is plenty of parking around, both street meter in front, side street parking nearby and a large lot (not for the restaurant ) across the street.This is a two level restaurant, with 8 or so steps to the second level (above the bar area).  I did not notice an elevator for those unable to climb stairs, but there may be one.  There are many tables on the second level, and as the day we went it was crowded, they move the tables around, they seat people at opposite ends of tables if needed etc.  You can also eat at the bar.  While there is plenty of seating, this place is getting a lot of traffic right now (Jan 2014) and I'd plan accordingly if I was going with a large party.  I am not a pho expert.  Barely a novice actually.  I did have it once many years ago while travelling, but have not had it stateside, not sure why except that there have always been other things on the menu that appealed to me more.  I did have the pho this time, number 22 I believe, as I was with "expert pho" eaters.  I followed their example.  I liked the adins, however, may have preferred slightly less need to add things in.  I understand the other side to that is that people want their pho exactly as they want it, not the chef makes it.  I see the inherent conflict, but I do think there could be more decisions made in the kitchen and fewer in the dining room.   The tools to eat pho with are readily supplied, which is good as you can use different ones for different things.  Personally the serving was very large for me, but others at the table finished it, and I imagine the fact that they knew the size beforehand helped them plan accordingly.  Id try this again sometime, perhaps with someone else who is a "pho expert" and I'd consider a different type, there are many choices.  However, I can easily see myself trying a non pho item from the 100 list menu.  (Yes, 100 choices.)I also had the spring rolls, and found those to be excellent.  I am planning to stop by and pick up a few orders to go of those this week actually.  They were able to spilt the checks for our table, which was very nice of them.  It was done without a "fuss".  I think they are working out some kinks service wise, but the food is really good and this place is worth a visit if you are in the area looking for lunch.  I did think the menu is too large and would be concerned that they really can make everything on it at the same quality and consistency level, however, as I glanced around at other tables, it looked like everyone was having pho.    And if they continue to do that as well as it seems they do, they should have no problems.  Welcome to Buffalo!  (Our waitress mentioned that they are opening a nail salon next door as well.  So we can get our nails done and then go eat lunch.  Convenient.)
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,7/22/2014,165,165,1,5,5>Right on South Park Ave., in the middle of a field there is a large blue industrial style building that houses edible jubilation, The English Pork Pie Company and British Chippy, two separate temples of goodness under one roof. In most stadiums in England meat pie is like the hot dog in America. They are very reasonably priced and come in a wide variety of flavors and types and are sold fresh or frozen, today I gathered up 6 for the freezer (steak and ale is my favorite). Then there was dinner tonight from British Chippy, a piece of flaky crusted cod and "chips" doused with salt and vinegar wrapped in a white paper, similar to the newspaper but without the ink getting all over your food. The fish was cooked perfectly and was a nice change from the traditional haddock, the chips also wonderful. For a great meal, venture down South Park, you can dine there or take it home.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,7/21/2014,2,32,2,2,3>I just ate lunch here this past Saturday and I was a little skeptical and nervous after reading many of the other reviews here.  Not many stars and not a lot of good experiences, but I still wanted to try it for myself.  I noticed this place while driving down Hertel Ave recently, it's very small and hard to miss.  It's basically a small walk-in eatery with a counter to order at and one person running the whole show.  It was surprisingly clean and I liked the stucco southwestern decorations and feel to the place.The prices are fantastic (nothing on the menu is over $6-7 bucks) and the one guy working there was very friendly and nice. My guest and I ordered a bunch of items, to try and get a good feel for the place.  We got Nacho Chips and Salsa as a starter, the guy behind the counter made the nacho chips fresh and they were served hot from the fryer.  They were good and fresh/hot.  The salsa is fresh/homemade (you can tell its not from a jar) with fresh cilantro and slightly spicy.  We both liked it.  For our meals I ordered veggie quesadilla and a bean taco and my guest ordered a chicken fajita and steak taco.  Everything was scratch made, all the ingredients were fresh, crisp and the seasonings were perfect.  Not too heavy, not too spicy, just right.  We both had a nice, quick, fresh, delicious tex-mex meal for under $15 bucks.  It blows mighty taco, taco bell, ultima taco out of the water and is cheaper.If you're looking for a cheap eat place and you like Mexican & tex-mex food then I would check this place out and give it a chance.  I wasn't disappointed and we'll be going back.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,7/20/2014,57,144,,5,2>I am responsible for booking catering at my work for meetings or events. For the last one, I decided to try someplace new and I was going only on the Yelp reviews of my friends because I had never been to Sue's myself. What a score!I ordered an assortment of sandwiches and the Sue's Salad. Nearly everyone in attendance asked where I had ordered from and raved about the salad. I was asked to order from them again. I watched a vegetarian in the group enjoy two hearty platefuls. She, in particular, expressed her enthusiasm more than anyone.Also, my boss was VERY pleased with the price. I won BIG points that day. Thank you Sue's NY Deli and everyone who recommended them!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,7/19/2014,18,57,,5,5>CRaVing has been on my list of new-ish restaurants to check out since it opened last year, and I'm happy to report that when I finally got around to it, it lived up to my expectations!It's small, quaint, and quiet, and classy not unlike the owner/chef's previous endeavor, Sample., but a bit more intimate. The menu is relatively small but features plenty of variety, and an awesome list of daily specials.I had the Carbonara special, which was made with duck egg and bacon. It was really rich, almost a little too eggy for my taste, but extremely tasty and hearty. The steak pizza was to die for. Even my girlfriend's salad that I tried a bite of had really great flavor. The staff were also very friendly.CRaVing has been added to my go-to list of nicer Buffalo restaurants. Well done, chef!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/18/2014,180,83,4,8,3>Fantastic experience! Everything was great. Our server was fun and outgoing and made some great recommendations. She was on top of everything,  from our drinks never going empty to our food coming out at a great pace, not to fast nor to slow. Bartender and owner we're also welcoming and there to help with anything we needed. For my first course I had calamari,  which was seasoned to perfection and had a great outter crunch with the tender calimari inside. Only thing I really didn't like was the lack of creativity when it came to the dipping sauce for the appetizer,  but I am sure if I asked for something else they would have made it happen.  For my entrée I had a strip steak with glazed carrots and freshly hand mashed potatoes.  My steak was cooked perfectly and also seasoned to perfection. Carrots were cooked perfected as well, not to soft and had a great taste that was not to sweet that I so commonly find when having glazed carrots in a restaurant. You could definitely tell these garlic mashed potatoes were fresh and not sitting around in a steam table all night and didn't over do the garlic. For my last dish I had a delicious flourless chocolate cake with whip cream and a raspberry glaze. Definitely one of the best flourless cakes I have ever had. Had the texture of a piece of freshly made fudge.Beer and wine selection had a wide range of different options that most would be happy with. This place is more then reasonably priced, quality of the food was great and the porition size was generous. I will definitely be back!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,7/17/2014,55,44,3,6,3>Everything about my experience at Martin cooks was amazing! First, we were greeted at the door with a glass of champagne. We then were seated and got to meet Martin who explained the menu and answered some questions. The servers were also very knowledgable and were able to answer all of our questions as the courses were being served. Our five course meal was Greek themed: we started with avgolemono soup, octopus salad, red pepper and feta lasagne, sturgeon with oregano, and baklava. Everything was fresh, made right in front of us, and uniquely prepared. My favorite was definitely the octopus salad but the lasagne was a close second. It's a tad pricey but definitely worth it. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,7/16/2014,25,70,,5,3>Last summer, my husband and I traveled the Mediterranean and some of the best meals we had were in Italy.  These were not grandiose meals full of pasta, hoity-toity waiters, and white linen tablecloths.  They were platters of meat, cheese, and bread to share, accompanied by the local wine and enjoyed in tiny trattorias where the owner and his family were always present.  One of the best things we ate was a simple sandwich of cured meat and crusty bread, pressed and warm.  It cost 4 Euro and the view of the sea from the coast of Cinque Terra was included.  I'm not telling you this so you can be jealous of my vacation.  I'm telling you that YOU TOO can experience this feeling (minus the sea view) right here in Buffalo, at Salumeria Belsito on Hertel Avenue!I had been wanting to try Belsito for quite a while and finally got the opportunity with a friend.  The interior of the restaurant is very cute, with a large bar and high top tables (although a nice little centerpiece on the tables might add some warmth!)  They also have outdoor seating in the front, but unfortunately it was too windy to sit outside for us.  We visited on a Wednesday and the only person there working (besides the bus boy) was the owner, who was very gracious and gave great service to every visitor who entered.  We split a bottle of a red blend which he recommended (and let us taste first, to make sure we liked it) and I love that the wine was served in juice glasses, just like in Italy.  It was delicious and paired well with the meats and cheeses.For our meal, we decided to split the burrata and a platter of cured meats and cheeses.  The burrata was DELICIOUS, and served with sweet summer tomatoes (I would like to know where these came from because they tasted fresh from the garden), a drizzle of balsamic and olive oil, arugula, and crusty bread.  Heavenly.  Our meat and cheese platter for 2 consisted of hot soppresata, mild soppresata, prosciutto, parmigiano reggiano, fontina, and fresh mozarella.  Everything was served on a wooden board with a side of crusty bread and a sampling of cured olives.  Everything was so delicious and brought back lovely memories of my Italian meals from last year.  This is simple, delicious food and drink showcased just the way it should be.I'm in love with Belsito and will definitely return for more Italian food flashbacks.  Kudos to the owner for bringing this food joy to Buffalo.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,7/15/2014,82,148,3,9,4>Vito makes my head look swell.  What do I mean by that?  Well, I'm no Clark Gable.  In the past, I've always adopted a two-day rule to discern a good barber.  On the day of a haircut, I resemble a shorn sheep.  The next day, I look more human.  That second day after though, I can tell if a barber is good because my head will look about as excellent as it ever gets.  Vito is a cut above.  After committing an act of barber infidelity on an established favorite due simply to expediency, I guiltily slinked out of Vito's and caught myself staring at myself in some shop's window.  I looked okay!  Right away!  I did have a regular barber though, and I did question whether such a hair miracle could recur.  Maybe my first visit was a fluke, a Felix Felicis-like incident of eminently excellent luck?  So I committed a second act of barber infidelity, returned, and walked out whistling.  Yet again, my head looked as good as it ever gets.  I'm sold (at the absurd price of but $13 a cut.  Wow.)  In some ways, Vito's is a time machine.  Step in, and the décor conjures memories of Gary Ross's Pleasantville."  Neutral wall tones.  Mismatched easy chairs.  An antique coat rack.  An utter absence of anything trendy, cool, iconic, or shtick.  Oldies radio plays just below muzak level.  At peak times (i.e. around lunchtime), gentlemen queue up for his services, willing to wait patiently for a supreme cut, but Vito never hurries.  He shuffles.  Frankly, he rarely speaks except to ask how you prefer your cut and then in a voice barely above a whisper.  The calm efficiency of the barbershop is such that were I not biding my time while waiting for my cut, I might else comfortably nod off. So I've found my five-star barber.  Short of quitting Western New York, I can't now see myself quitting Vito's.5 stars for the cut5 stars for atmosphere5 stars for value5 stars overall(Some wait time should be expected.)
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/14/2014,30,47,3,5,3>I amend my previous 4 star rating ...this is definitely 5 stars. Hands down my favorite pizza in Buffalo.  So so good. This is the crust that you can trust. We ordered the lobster ravioli.  Little pockets of love are what those are. You can just taste the difference in homemade pasta. It's almost foreign when you've never had the real thing. But foreign good. The cream sauce even had hints of walnut which I thought was a really nice touch.We ordered dessert to go. Tiramisu?? I think you do! It was so good it was half eaten on the way home.  We are going to be back to try more of those displayed temptations soon.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/13/2014,90,142,11,15,11>Excellent food, service, and ambiance.  I love the food here.  They make Polenta wings, which have a great spice and crispy-ness to them.  Polenta wings in Buffalo needs to be a thing. C'mon Buffalo, us vegetarians love hot sauce! Fresh ingredients, inventive dishes, and a great selection.  I'm a fan of their hummous and the amount of garlic is wonderful to the experience.  The tortellini is also pretty fantastic.  Plus, the portions here are more than generous.  Also, they have excellent prices and quality in alcohol. Beer and wine are plentiful and well selected. Like, for real, a great selection of beers to fit many people's taste (Fin du Monde, mmm).The restaurant is so well styled as well. Sunlight and open air equal a relaxed space to have lunch, dinner, or drinks. Take a visit to this place, for surely!!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/12/2014,166,110,,7,2>This place is awesome! This is one of the 2 places I take people that are visiting from out of town.The must have delicious "beef on wick" puts them on the Buffalo map. Get the amazing herb potatoes if you can get them!When you go inside it feels like you're traveling back in time, with the old white uniforms and vintage decor.I like how you can sit at the counter and look into the kitchen while they prepare food. You feel like you have a personal connection with the employees and you know how your food is being prepared. Don't forget to top off your meal with a fresh made huge chocolate chip cookie !
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,7/11/2014,198,661,5,9,6>I would give 5000 stars for the tomato soup. My sister ordered it and she didn't finish it, so guess who did? ME. It's like a liquid hug. You can tell they use A LOT of cream in it and that's what makes it so enveloping. But I loved the fresh basil in there and the overall texture. My second favorite thing eaten here today was the pepperoni pizza. Reminded me of the pizza in the movie Mystic Pizza! Haha! We ordered a large because at a table nearby, it looked sooooooo good! And it was! Now, the sauce is basic but very fresh tomato tasting, not loaded with spices, as it tends to be on some pizzas, but I actually like it this way. The cheese was great, and the pepperoni stole the show! Burnt, crispy edges. Mmmmmm! The dough was great too. Soft and squishy and a pleasure to chew. Loved it!I ordered the chopped salad, probably because it promised me prosciutto, which happens to be one of my favorite food groups. Ha! It was good overall. The balsamic dressing was great, though a tad on the sweet side. I loved the roasted red peppers on the salad too. My mom got the ham focaccia with pasta salad and it was only okay. I know now that their strong suit lies in the mystic pizza and tomato soup. Mmmmm!We had a great meal overall and thought we'd have a lot to take home, but the 3 of us ate through a good portion of the pizza because it was so good! This isn't far from home, but it's not terribly close. If it was, I'd get pizza from here all the time! Yum!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/10/2014,43,32,1,12,7>Today I went into Osteria 166 with my girlfriend to try it one last time. My previous 2 experiences were not so great, but the food wasn't bad so I decided to give it another go.We only had an hour for lunch so when our server Jackie asked us if we were in a rush or wanted to relax, we took the first option. She wrote the letter "F" on our chalkboard cover table and walked away. They are not kidding, F means fast and they brought the food right out. I really like this little option because I know I can get in and out or relax without leaving it to chance.We ordered 2 lunch specials, the Shrimp Salad Wrap and the Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Although I didn't actually eat the Shrimp Salad Wrap, Ally thought it was delicious. The dressing on the side salad (a lemon parsley oil based type) made this dish light a "summery".The Chicken Parmesan sandwich was...AMAZING. I am from Long Island, NY and grew up on these from pizza shops and Italian restaurants for lunch. This one blew them all away. The hero/sub/hoagie roll was super soft and warm, the sauce was tangy and delicious (next time I might order a side of it to dip the sandwich/bread in), and the chicken was flattened, beautifully breaded, and moist (all of this with a generous helping of melty mozzarella cheese and a side of their delightful parmesan/truffle oil potato chips.) Props to the chef!Our service this time was perfect. Jackie was fast, accurate, and came over to the table just the right amount of times. Not once did we feel forgotten or annoyed. ExcellentWhat a great lunch. If you are downtown, give this palce a go. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/9/2014,72,177,,6,3>I had a first rate experience at Lombardo's the other day. The food, the service - it's everything I want out of a nice dining experience.First, when our server was informed that I'm a vegan, he said dietary restrictions are never a problem. He said he would speak with the executive chef and come back with some options. When he returned, he said the executive chef  asked if I trust him.  "Of course," I replied.This is exactly what I want and expect from a nice restaurant when a dietary accommodation is requested: for the chef to just prepare me something wonderful. My dinner companion then asked them to bring me a starter as well.To start, I was brought a bib lettuce salad with several colors of roasted beets, avocados, and shaved fresh horseradish. It was perfectly dressed and delicious. I was really impressed.My main was pasta with various veggies and I enjoyed it as well. I let our waiter and the bartender pick out cocktails for me throughout the evening and those were excellent as well.For dessert we had sorbet - pink guava, raspberry, and lemon. I absolutely love pink guava, so I was delighted.All in all it was first rate meal with exquisite service. The whole experience was great.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,7/8/2014,100,61,2,8,1>I was very impressed by my recent visit to Don Tequila's. I went with my wife and her girlfriends. The pitcher of Margaritas was a big hit, but I don't want to have it overshadow the food. When we arrived they presented fresh salsa and chips that kept coming. Very tasty and courteous. The menu is extensive. I would argue that it is probably one of the most authentic I've seen in Buffalo. If it's out there they have it. The decor isn't fancy, but it fits with the affordable menu and gives you the added bonus of feeling like you've discovered a secret gem of a restaurant. One final note: They give you a lot of sour cream. You may see it on the menu and think it's pricey for a little something to spice up your order, but it's a very generous helping that will cover you and a friend. It goes great with the chips too!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/7/2014,1092,741,32,34,35>This was originally named "The Groundhog Truck". This however presented a problem, because everyone kept seeing it every day, in the same place, over and over. It was freaking people out. The last straw was when Bill Murray showed up in full Ghostbusters attire, and started firing some crazy laser-like weapon at the truck, claiming it was the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man reincarnated.Immediately, the truck applied for a change of name, and "Whole Hog" was deemed different enough from Groundhog so as to not inspire any further insanity. However a struggling dentist from Canada is now stalking the truck, and Bruce Willis and Matthew Perry have been sent to act as protection. But that is all beside the point.Please bear in mind, he starts serving at MIDNIGHT these days, not at 10pm as listed.I think the Whole Hog Truck is awesome. I think I skipped over it at the Food Truck Rodeo at the Eastern Hills Mall, well more fool me. I was starving on a Saturday night, and Founding Fathers wouldn't make me a burger, so I came here. He was a little dismayed that somebody had taken his usual parking spot, so he parked in front  of said spot (illegally) and I don't think anyone gave him any trouble, which was good. He's located right in front of DBGBs on Allen.So the menu here is very limited. The only things they had when I was there was Man N Cheese for $3 (add Jalapeno for $1 but they didn't have any)... the Mac N Cheese was okay, I didn't really eat much of it. They had Jerk Chicken Tacos which were very Tex-Mex and Chipotle-style, they were not bad at all, pretty good, I ate most of it... and then they had their piéce-de-resistance...Pulled Pork Sandwich! OMGZ this thing is so damn good. It's delicious. It's up there with Kentucky Greg's as the best PPS in WNY. I was thoroughly impressed by how juicy, how smoky, how hearty, how utterly delicious every bite of this thing was. I can not say enough good things about it. It launches the WWT right into the TTO* BBQE* in WNY.I highly recommend anyone out looking for late night eats to give this PPS a try. And it's only $6 too. Six of the best dollars you will ever spend at Midnight on a Friday or Saturday in WNY. Bear in mind it's ONLY open on those two nights.(((hugs)))
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/6/2014,9,215,,6,4>So I'm not the worlds biggest fan of WNY Mexican food or Tex-Mex if you prefer. BUT after a recent recommendation from a friend of mine and seeing many great reviews I had to give it a try.The place is small but festive inside. Warm chips along with salsa to start. I like a variety so I had to do a combo to get everything I could. The stuffed pepper was awesome! Huge actually! Loved it! The chalupa was great as where the burritos, one thing that wasn't was the hard shell taco. I think the shell might of been left out and it tasted stale-ish. Not quite there but getting there. Other than that the meal was great! The guacamole was awesome! REALLY!The staffing here is friendly but they seemed a little unorganized to me, and slow. But there was plenty of chips to eat while waiting for them to take your order.I'll come back, it's the best thing to Mexican food in the area anyways.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,7/5/2014,27,185,,8,4>So happy to have this place in Buffalo! I've visited over 140 breweries in over 10 states and I have been hoping for a place like this in Buffalo. A nice open brewery, with lots of seating and a bier garden. We went on a Wednesday...the first day they were officially open I believe snd it ran smoothly. They had giant Jenga which is fun while drinking and card holders spread about with Trivial Pursuit questions. We got to talk to the brewer and owner...both seem passionate and I think this place can be very successful. I'm a hophead so for the beer I tried the session ipa, the ipa, the loganberry wit and the sponge candy stout. I've had about 20 sessions just in the last few months and this was nothing like any of them. It wasn't bad, had a very unique taste but didnt come off as a session ipa to me. The ipa was really good, but it did lose some steam by the end of the glass however I would definitely drink this again. The loganberry wit unfortunately didnt have much of a loganberry smell or taste but as a wit...which Is a style I'm not typically a fan of..was solid.  And the sponge candy stout was a great stout with a great aroma...my only complaint is I didn't get any sponge candy smell or taste from it and I wouldn't mind it as an 8% rather than 6%. But I've had much worse beer and these guys are just starting so I think they're already on a great track. The ambiance is great, workers are really nice, and there's a parking lot which is always a plus! I will be coming back here for sure and can't wait to see some of the other beers they come out with.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,7/4/2014,41,35,2,3,2>Ciao ciao, a quaint little Italian restaurant in the Buffalo suburbs will have you savoring "la dolce vita". A small, unassuming (almost Mexican looking) white establishment accommodates a dozen or so tables as well a dessert display and take out counter. The friendly Italian owner takes care of seating you, as well as providing you with a list of the day's specials. A well equipped menu features appetizers, salads, pasta, fish and some meat dishes; not to forget their specialty oven style pizzas. Mia amica and I  started with the caesar and goat cheese salad. Both were well garnished, and accompanied with house made dressings. Next came the pizza, which was easily tailored to meet both our preferences on one "Alle Verdure". Great crust and very flavorful toppings.. we could have been in Naples. We wrapped things up by going up and each picking our own cannoli from a well stocked desert display. Always a great Italian meal.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,7/3/2014,66,56,2,4,2>Salon Berardo is amazing. The place is so clean and the lighting is so nice inside! Care always does an amazing job on my hair plus she is super fun to talk to! I am always picky about hair stylists and having to force conversations, etc. and it's so nice to have someone who is super sweet to talk to. I always walk out more relaxed! I am a guy obviously but I know a couple girls who get their hair styled by her and I am always blown away by their hair.I would agree with everyone else who has reviewed in saying that this place is super comfortable and everyone inside and super nice. There's not many other salons with such a nice feel.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/2/2014,29,154,,4,2>I have been to Bambino a few times, mainly when they first opened. My friend had a coupon and we headed here early on a Saturday for a leisurely meal.We got there early as they were opening at 5, but they did let us in early. We were asked if we wanted to sit on the patio, but most of that is reserved. We did make reservations, but stuck to inside. Other people coming in not long after us did want to go out there, but told that they couldn't without a reservation, so I would recommend calling ahead/using OpenTable.We have usually been happy with service, but tonight our waiter was a little off. He never mentioned any of the specials (we heard other tables getting them) and a couple times awkwardly asked how things were as he was walking to another table. We had to ask after we received our bill if we could get a top off on our coffee (small cup was $3). Wasn't horrible, but we felt like the evening's warm up. Another waiter was asking his table if they were there for a show or event downtown just so he could know and adjust his service/speed accordingly which I thought was a nice touch.Over the course of the evening, my friend and I both got the Bambino Lemonade, Strawberry Basil Gimlet, and a glass of Chianti. I really like their specialty drinks because they are not sickeningly sweet and they don't seem to skimp on the alcohol. Makes it worth it for $9.We ended up ordering the Arancini to start which tonight was a chicken/broccoli/cheese mix. It was served with a nice amount of their very tasty Sunday Sauce which I dipped the additional warm crusty bread in. The arancini were delicious and perfectly cooked.We then split two pizzas, the Biancoverde (no sauce) and the Meatball feature one (had sliced meatballs, fontina cheese).  I really liked the Meatball one. Nice balance of sauce and spices and creamy blobs of cheese. While I liked the Biancoverde which had fresh arugula on it, it needed maybe a cheese sauce base or more olive oil. The cheese was cooked until crispy, so along with the crust, it was completely solid and not pliable. Tasty, but not what I expected.  We also ended up splitting a Tiramisu with coffee which is huge and plenty for two people. Could have been a little bolder with the flavoring, but it was refreshing and creamy. Someone was mentioning that the restaurant/menu was undergoing a bit of a revamp after a shift of some of the business partners. Some favorites like the wood fired wings and caprese salad weren't on the menu and the menu that is currently on their website is slightly different than the one in the restaurant. I personally stick with stuff like their apps, salads, and pizzas and have been happy each time.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,7/1/2014,96,404,4,8,7>You wanna hear something kind of embarrassing?  I went to a gas station to get pizza just because I had a coupon for buy-one-slice-get-one-free.  And you wanna hear something really weird?  It turned out to be TERRIFIC pizza!The "Brick Oven" is right in the middle of the "Delta Sonic".... just to the right of the "Dunkin Donuts" and kind of across the aisle from the washer fluid.  The view is.... ummmmm.... cars being filled with gas.  But they serve salads and sandwiches and fresh baked pizza.  Fresh baked BRICK OVEN pizza!  The kind of pizza I would happily eat in a cute bistro while sipping a $10 glass of wine.  The kind of pizza I would enjoy in a trendy setting after the theater.  It's THAT good!The crust has a slight char and just the right amount of "toothiness".  The sauce is perfectly seasoned.  The cheese is REAL and topped with  slivers of basil.  And the whole thing was fresh and hot and seasoned just right.  They no longer serve slices (gasp!) but the nice guy working there gave me a personal-sized (8") pie for free with the purchase of one with my coupon.  For just over $4 I got two amazingly tasty cheese pizzas.  I devoured one right there.  The other I brought home to enjoy in front of the fire with a nice glass of wine.  Who knew?
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,6/30/2014,40,174,4,13,4>Full Disclosure: I know the guy who owns the joint and cooks, Brian. He is a high school friend of my husband's. My husband told me I am to write a good review, to which my response was "if this place is good." Well folks, it is! No playing!Setting: Full hipster/trendy vibe. Think art work as part of the wall/decor, unique light fixtures, earthy color scheme, chalkboard paint on the posts etc. I just kept thinking this place should be in Elmwood Village in Buffalo or Willamsburg back home in Brooklyn. Should you come here for setting alone, sure, and this makes for a great first date joint. Music is good, not too loud, soft, or trendy. Service: Superb, we didn't have to wait for a table or for anyone to come over and take drink or food orders. Items came out hot. People were helpful but not intrusive.Food: The menu items are limited and I can tell that annoyed the folks of Blasdell. (some folks did up and leave) But folks, everything was super tasty! My hubs and I ordered the scallops and the farmhouse frites. The scallops came with spinach, white pinto beans, garlic in a red wine reduction with a slight butter sauce. The frites...oooh0hhhh good. Still can't tell what was on it, but its definitely a fancy, gourmet fry that hit the spot. Unique combinations of flavors and textures left me super full and satisfied. Everything was definitely high quality, but because its in Blasdell, its not a ridiculous price. Overall: The food is really good people. Go here. I say go here for first dates or with people you want to impress.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/29/2014,594,380,,6,6>Midday on a Thursday, hungry but trying to stay true to my diet so I did a juice search on Yelp and this spot came up first.  Excellent, nearby and great reviews.  As I pulled up I wasn't sure the place was open.  It didn't look too inviting from the outside but I noticed an open sign in the window and double checked their hours and decided to check it out.  Totally didn't expect this kind of vibe.  I felt like I was back in Jamaica with some Bob Marley music and a really relaxed vibe.  The whole place was just cool, with tons of seating and a lot of color.  The young lady at the counter was very kind and didn't make me feel rushed when I had absolutely no idea what to order.  The place was completely empty and if there were other people in there I may have stayed to do some work but it would have been too awkward.The juice selection was difficult to choose from as they had a variety of flavors.  I went with a small that had kale, lemon, pineapple and apple.  I was skeptical.  It wasn't cheap, about 6 bucks for 12 ounces.  Got it to go, jumped in my car, took a sip.......OH MY GOODNESS.  Absolutely sensational, so obvious that all of the ingredients were fresh.  I cannot wait to go back and try some more flavors!!!!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,6/28/2014,40,84,,6,2>I had 2 plumbing issues and called Cellino to set as appointment. They came the next day on time as planned. Jeff was extremely professional and diagnosed what he thought was the issue within minutes. After opening up the wall he was spot on. Removed a section of rusted pipe, sealed it back up with a very small portion of the wall removed. Other issue was resolved with parts he had on hand in the truck. Work was great and his quote was exactly what I was charged. I will use Jeff and Cellino again and recommend them to others.Update:Used them for a third time now....service was again excellent and I went to use the Yelp coupon and Yelp was down (yup, the Yelp's site wasn't working). They charged me full price without the coupon. I talked to them next day explained Yelp's failure and they cut me a check for the discount, that came in the mail the next day. How's that for customer service!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/27/2014,41,47,2,5,2>I came in with my mother-in-law and we both got a manicure, spa pedicure, and eyebrow wax.  The spa pedicure came with an extra massage and it was fabulous!The location is very clean and they make it a point to only use new tools per customer. It's also the first place I've been to that disposes the wax tool after each dip. The quality of service and products they use is excellent. They even offer wine with service. There is plenty of parking in the back of the building. They have a back door that is open on Fridays and Saturdays. I don't get my nails done regularly mostly because I haven't found a place I was willing to commit to, but it's safe to say I will be back here. Also, after January 1, 2014 they will have an upstairs available for spa parties that hold up to 40 people.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,6/26/2014,30,86,1,6,2>I came to Miss Hot Cafe with a group of friends looking to fill our craving for Chinese food and found this restaurant on yelp. The restaurant staff speaks English and Mandarin.  The dishes are pretty legit.  The selection and tastes reminded me of food from back home.  The restaurant itself is very spacy with many booths or tables for large parties as well.  The staff was very attentive and took our orders very quickly.  It isI would avoid the desserts in the display.  Chinese restaurants typically do not make tiramisu, and the staff even admitted that it was from a box.  All in all, I would say one of the better Chinese restaurants I've been to in Buffalo.  The food is good and it's a relaxed environment where you can enjoy your meal with the company of good friends.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/25/2014,39,92,2,5,3>I LOVE this place. Most authentic Burmese/Thai place in Buffalo if not all of WNY! Since I already frequent Thai restaurants for my favorite Chicken Pad Thai (Thai Orchid in Williamsville, Saigon Cafe on Elmwood Ave), I like to order Burmese dishes whenever I come to Sun.I have ordered the chicken pad thai there before, although this is not where my favorite pad thai is... their Burmese dishes, however, are awesome! We have tried many dishes over the past year... Spicy chicken, stirfry clear bean thread noodles, Burmese fried rice, sesame chicken, curry chicken, Burmese noodle...etc. EVERYTHING is delicious!As far as appetizers, their tom yum soup is the most flavorful thing you will have ever tasted, but it is a little spicy so I would not recommend it if you cannot tolerate any spiciness. We also love the summer rolls, which have avocado in them and adds a nice flavor. The deep fried spring rolls are nothing special, but the curry chicken with the naan is a must eat!!! We have also ordered some black rice sushi rolls off the menu - can't say they were my favorite, BUT I absolutely love the mango black rice dessert!!!!! The only dish I remember anyone ever not liking was this beef dish, can't remember the name but it was like a brown sauce and came with white rice. The beef was REALLY tough and almost inedible, although the sauce and flavor was great. Another thing is when you order chicken dishes, make sure to ask about what kind of chicken it's made with. For example only the noodle and fried rice dishes come with thinly sliced chicken breast. A lot of other chicken themed dishes may be other areas of the chicken and mostly contain bones. So definitely watch out for that if you're a "chicken breast only" person. Also, they can adjust the spiciness of most dishes to your preference, but there are some dishes that cannot be made completely mild, so just make sure you communicate clearly with your server - they are usually great, except last week they had a newbie and I don't think he really knew what he was doing, which was fine since we're regulars and knew what we were doing. Oh, and they have a Malbec on their wine list!!! Yet another reason why we love it there so much. If you're a beer drinker - definitely try the Sapporo RESERVE. It's even smoother than the regular Sapporo! Just make sure you're ordering the reserve - they don't have it in stock all the time. Lastly - make a reservation!!! We showed up on a Tuesday night around 8:15 and it was still quite busy! Don't even bother showing up during dinner rush hours on weekends without a reservation!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/24/2014,77,131,1,9,8>I may finally have a favorite restaurant.I had dinner on a Tuesday evening (5:30 reservation, they open at 5). It was empty when we got there and still empty when we left (6:30). This may explain why we didn't experience service issues (as noted in some other reviews).Our waitress was flawless. She knew the menu, the specials, understood the ingredients and could talk about comparative flavors. She didn't read from an index card or stutter through a memorized recital. She *knew* the dishes. I was impressed.  Her services, and that of the busboy, were attentive, but we were also the only table in the entire restaurant.My friend order two small plates (seared scallops and soft shell crab) and I ordered a large plate (mahi-mahi with herb risotto and asparagus). All three dishes were amazing. The prices were reasonable for a nice dinner out. I think my dish was $38. The waitress mentioned they were open for lunch now and the lunch menu (see photos) is also reasonably priced (~$10).Bacchus has great atmosphere. It makes for wonderful people watching opportunities, if you're a fan of that. The food is well prepared and the menu is INTERESTING. They have FREE valet ... On Chippewa! And if you're heading to a show,  the waitress said guests were allowed to leave their cars in valet and walk over to Shea's, etc.On top of all that, there are movies. Movies! During the summer at dusk they show them outside in the courtyard. And this year, they added a second movie night each week just for chick flicks. Good food, table service, a full bar, AND a movie? This has SUCH a great neighborhood feel!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,6/23/2014,59,154,2,8,4>I bought a $65 Living Social deal for Butterwood, so we cashed in on it on Friday.  I made a reservation, but the place was only about half full.  The only other time I had been here was for restaurant week a few years ago, so this was my first time experiencing their regular menu.The food is pretty pricy, but not unreasonable, since the portions are surprisingly large.  We each started with a specialty cocktail.  Mine had Irish whiskey, elderflower liqueur, and sweet vermouth.  It was very tasty and right up my alley!  The boyfriend's had gin and some other stuff... I am NOT a gin fan at all.We both went back and forth between different menu options.  In the end, I decided to go with the Boston Bibb salad with ham, red wine reduction, and green goddess dressing and then the special small plate of "deconstructed" scallops and one of the French mother sauces that I forgot (maybe Bearnaise?).  My boyfriend got the lobster bisque and then scallops over beet risotto.The salad and bisque, both of which were supposed to be "appetizers" were humungous!  My small plate was definitely VERY small, but after the salad, I was fine with that.  It was supposed to come with an intact egg yolk on top that you break and mix with the sauce to get the sauce flavor.  Right before setting the plate down, though, the egg yolk broke.  I was a little saddened, but the flavor was there all the same.We both really enjoyed our food a lot.  The waiter brought bread over toward the end of the meal (I think he forgot).  With the Living Social deal, the bill was only $10 without tip, so it was definitely not a bad deal for a nice meal!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/22/2014,5,45,,3,3>Amy's Place is one of the more interesting diners I've ever step foot in. It isn't like your typical polished, clean-cut neighborhood diner, which is fine because that's not what it's going for. It's loud, in-your-face and offers something different both food and atmosphere-wise.The inside is a step up from a home kitchen-turned-restaurant, but something about that is both welcoming and comfortable. We took seats by the counter, so this was even further emphasized when we watched the cook do her thing. The waitresses were very nice and got everything out in a timely manner.The menu offers Mediterranean and vegetarian variety on top of the normal breakfast selections. I got the Shawarma with eggs, which turned out to be rather tasty. For the price, the portion sizes were a great deal. I left feeling very fulfilled and would dine here again in a heartbeat.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/21/2014,113,106,5,7,5>Five plus stars for City Creatures Animal Hospital. I took my (now) 7-month old cat to City Creatures for a second opinion on his "anal prolapse." Like, his butt was sticking out and poo was getting everywhere. Not kidding. I needed that fixed ASAP. Dr. Albert at City Creatures is a miracle worker. Not only did Bentley not need surgery, Dr. Albert fixed my little man's butt issues without charging me an arm and a leg!!! Bentley visited Dr. Albert again last week to get neutered. I was able to use the Friends of Animals certificate to drastically reduce the cost of the neutering. Check out friendsofanimals.org/spa for more information on that. Bentley was a little drowsy until around 8pm the evening of his neutering. After that, he was up, running, and jumping around, like he hadn't had surgery earlier that day!!! So impressive. A job well done by Dr. Albert and City Creatures.The receptionists and vet techs are friendly and personable. Dr. Albert is professional, experienced, and someone I trust completely with my little meow man. After all, he is/was one of the veterinarians at the Buffalo Zoo. He's awesome.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,6/20/2014,28,28,,6,3>Buon Appetito!!!A special anniversary dinner requires some high expectations Gigi did not disappoint. First of all the service was wonderful it was one girl's first day and she was training and they were nothing but nice. They took their time and help us pick out a wine we both enjoyed and I was really picky that day I think I tasted 2 at least until I found a match made in heaven. Next in any Italian family you bring out the bread and might I say this was the most delicious bread and hummus I've had. I even come from a Lebanese background so that's saying something. They also brought out delicious dipping oil that the fresh homemade bread soaked up and melted in your mouth. Aranicini was our appetizer it was delicious. Fried risotto with mozzarella cheese in the middle Yum!!! I tried the beans and greens as well. I was expecting something different so I didn't love this, the flavors were there but I expected more greens then beans but I've only really had southern style so maybe it's the Italian way. There were a lot of wonderful selections but I couldn't get over trying the spaghetti and meatballs.I subconsciously needed compare every meatball to my mothers. It was a good size not too big not too small the entree I split with my boyfriend so it was nice it came with 2 meatballs. Homemade sauce was soooo good!!! I best sauce I've had in forever it feels like. But I did still put hot pepper flakes and cheese on top  We also tried the pork chops. Very well cooked still juicy and crispy on the outside. Gigi I will be back, especially since you are so close to me!!!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/19/2014,31,25,2,5,3>I have been attending Pine Grove's monthly Quilt Club. Starting each fall until summer, dates are scheduled once a month to come, learn a new technique, receive a new pattern, socialize with a diverse group of quilters, and do a little show & tell.  Things that are awesome about Pine Grove:1. The owners, Mrs. Doyle and Mrs. Dray, are beyond wonderful. This is a level of knowledge and service you aren't going get just anywhere. They are NOT quilt-snobs. They are delighted to work with people of all levels of readiness. If asked, they can make suggestions for style, technique, cost, etc. These ladies are GEMS. 2. If you love Civil War fabrics, you need to drive here immediately. Unless you / someone you love has forbidden you from bringing any more fabric in the house.... in which case, be careful. You may not be able to resist because their selection is HUGE. 3. If you love batiks, see #2. 4. They carry all of the Eric Carle fabrics. Eric Carle is a children's author. He wrote "Brown Bear, Brown Bear" amongst many other classic titles. I love being able to create gifts for children with the coordinating fabrics while promoting literacy and engagement with text in this way. 5. They have pretty great sales. The best part is that they tell you what the sales will be 1-3 months in advance. So if you know that 108" wide backing is going on sale next month, you can plan to shop accordingly. Quilting can be an expensive hobby and so I REALLY appreciate this. 6. This shop has a clear focus on education and philanthropy. They host quilt clubs and work-a-longs all year and participate in seminar each spring. They were also the largest contributor of donated quilts following the 2013 WNY Shop-Hop. My ONLY criticism of this great little shop is that I wish they were open more! By the time I get off work, they are closed, leaving me only Saturdays and quilt-club nights to make it in and shop around.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/18/2014,72,331,2,5,2>I've been meaning to check this place out ever since I had one of their beers during Buffalo Beer week, and finally had the chance to Friday. As a place to go drink some beer, this place is not to shabby.We got there around 9pm and the place was packed. Barely found a spot in their parking lot. Inside is very big and open though, so it didn't feel over-crowded . Atmosphere is of a nice lodge with a huge fireplace in the middle. Not sure what the deal with food is, as no one was eating any dinners, but I saw a few cheese platters sitting around some tables. The crowd itself was a bit of a mix of 30 somethings or older for the most part. For beers I tried the derailer and their IPA. The derailer started off smooth with lots of oaked flavor, but kind of got a harsh bitterness once it warmed up. The IPA was decent though, clean smooth with a good hop flavor.Only had time for two beers as the place closes early. Even with all the people there, they started doing last call at 9:45pm. So not really any kind of late night drinking happening here.Don't know how often I'll be back as it is a bit out of the way for me, but the beer is good and the atmosphere nice enough that I would go back when in the area.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,6/17/2014,54,84,,4,3>Came here on a date before the holidays. It was a romantic, beautiful experience! We came here on a Tuesday evening, so not a whole lot going on. I know they have BYOB (bring your own bottle) Wine nights on Mondays. So that's probably a really exciting time to come here. But a Tuesday night was pretty empty. We sat at the bar and ordered wine and sweet potato fries. We both were debating between a couple different wines. The bartender offered us a sample of each one we were interested in and stood by to explain the differences. He was very knowledgeable and helpful. He was not going to be content until we were satisfied with our selection :) The fries were delicious, too!A very romantic atmosphere, JoJo is a perfect date night restaurant/bar! The wine selection is great! Service is phenomenal!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,6/16/2014,33,157,3,8,3>Thanks to Alex for making this page and adding the pictures!I have toured DIG twice, worked a day at DIG, and had a presentation in one of the rooms.Touring DIG, you realize that it truly is just a garage that has been spruced up with nice, comfy tables and chairs. I'm making it sound worse than it is, sorry.Working there for a day. At first, it is an awkward and bizarre experience. Co-working is a brand new thing to me. I didn't know the people I was working near, and thought a couple of things the first couple of hours... Is my music too loud? Is it bad to take a business call? Am I typing or clicking my mouse too loudly? ...After a bit, I got comfortable and was able to work. I believe (if my memory is correct) it is $100/month/person to have a seat at DIG. This includes WiFi, coffee/tea/water, a white board if needed, electrical outlets, and 24 hour access. It is only $8/day if you don't want a whole month, but if you take a tour with Jessie, you get a free day at DIG!We also had a small meeting in the side meeting room. The room had a nice, big, executive table and chairs and a huge screen to show our presentation.We liked DIG so much that we are considering working from there for a couple of months when our office lease is done! I would definitely recommend checking it out and working  from there if you get the opportunity!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/15/2014,59,84,,5,3>I used to go to Home Depot for all my outdoor landscaping projects until I realized that this gem is only a short drive away from downtown. We've been here a few times and it was always easy to find someone to help us. This past weekend, I purchased about 20 rolls of sod from them. The employee just had me back up to the pile, he loaded it all in for me, cashed me out & I was on my way home within a few minutes. They have a decent selections of plants and supplies. There are lots of garden pots and decorations available for sale in both the buildings here. They even have a farmer's market type section out near the road where they sell vegetables. I would rather do business with this local company than wander around Home Depot trying to find someone to help me.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,6/14/2014,67,52,2,3,2>This was my first time here, for a work dinner, and I'm looking forward to going back soon! Every member of the staff that we dealt with was professional, pleasant and efficient. We had our meeting in a private room called the Vendaggio Room. It was very nice and clean and modern yet warm. The table was in the middle of the room and the best part, and I think most ingenious idea, is that they have one large screen for projection on one wall, but two flat screens on all the other walls so you could see what was on the screen without having to crane your neck one way all night! They provided us with the customary starter bread baskets, which had a mix of crisp wafers, and warm fresh bread with sides of butter or balsamic and olive oil to dip. The bread was so good!I ordered chicken parm which was delicious. Two good size boneless chicken breasts, pounded, lightly breaded over vermicelli (thin spaghetti) topped with a red sauce. Their sauce is very good and I really loved this dish. The portion was plenty. Price very comparable to other places that serve it. Unfortunately, I was too full for dessert :( I left the restaurant very impressed, only to get all the way home and realized I left my notebook there. I didn't want to risk it getting lost or thrown out, so I trekked back over. One of the guys greeted me and I explained so he got our waiter, Joe. They were very sweet about it and Joe came back over a minute later, with my notebook, that he had taken upstairs to the office for safe keeping until I came back for it. All in all, great food and great service!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,6/13/2014,49,40,2,7,3>I am so glad this place exists! I have heard such great things about it, particularly from a friend who wrote a very thorough article about what it has to offer (among other places in Buffalo). I am a big proponent of supporting small businesses and up-and-coming entrepreneurs, so what better way than to eat my way through various countries all in one marketplace? Now I definitely plan to return and sample more food, but I managed to stuff myself senseless with some phenomenal Burmese vegetable noodle (complete with side cucumber/chili sauce salad and a broth soup), Spring rolls, an Ethiopian platter with vegetables/meat, hot Ethiopian coffee, and a mango bubble tea to top it off!! Oh, and I had some baklava dessert too. All of that came to under $25. All of it was delicious with huge portions. These guys were all so nice, friendly, helpful and make some insanely good food. This is a great place to get some lovely gifts and get some Henna art done if you so incline! Pure Peru wasn't operating (they will return at the end of the month), so I can't wait to go back and eat more! I'm so impressed with this place, and am happy it has done so well and with well-deserved praise :)
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/12/2014,50,61,4,6,4>Two words: Free NachosIf you need more to go to a bar then first I am going to question you, because who doesn't love free nachos.  Second I'll tell you more.My favorite bartender will quiz you at the bar with random tidbits of US history and general information.  He will do this while still serving other customers and making sure you're drink is always perfect.They have a good selection of liquor and a great craft beer selection, the atmosphere is a fun neighborhood bar with a hipster twist.  They draw in a mixed crowed, from young professionals to college students.  Really there isn't anything else you could ask for.Oh and they also have delicious food and FREE POPCORN.  It honestly couldn't get better.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/11/2014,33,69,2,4,3>Okay, so one year in, I finally feel like I'm ready to write a review. I admit that when Orchard Fresh opened I wondered if the store would be able to survive or whether the specialty items might be phased out after the newness and originality of the store got old. I'm happy to say that Orchard Fresh is going strong and that I still shop there regularly.I love that their deli features Boars Head products. I buy all of my lunchmeats here for this reason. The prepared foods are a nice choice if you don't feel like cooking. Great selection in the cheese house. I have also enjoyed the ready to cook items in the seafood and meat departments. Sometimes they forget to give cooking instructions but just ask!  Also, the meats we have purchased from the meat department have been great. The bakery items are delicious. (The slice of chocolate cake I bought last week was actually cheaper than a slice at Wegmans.)Yes, there are overpriced items at Orchard Fresh but not everything is. If you want to treat yourself to something new, this is a good place to go. It is easy to find organic and gluten free items. Oh, and I almost forgot, try the gelato!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,6/10/2014,63,67,3,5,3>Good Guys has long been one of my favorite take-out pizza places in the Buffalo-Niagara area, and for good reason.If you like pizza that has a lot of everything, Good Guys is definitely your best option. The dough is thick and chewy, blanketed by a nice, sweetish layer of sauce. And the cheese, oh, the cheese. Its gooey warmth piles high on the dough and sauce base, forcing eaters to literally bite through it to get to the rest of the layers. So, so good.They won't do custom orders, but really, their standard recipe is more delicious than anything most people could come up with.  They also have delicious steak and cheese subs, which I get whenever a fatty, greasy mood hits me. I don't live close to Good Guys anymore, but sometimes I'll make the northerly trek out of the city to grab a tray for parties. Customer service is always good, and the parking is convenient. I see that a few other Yelpers have complained about it becoming over-crowded, but I've never had a problem with this and I've visited the establishment many, many times. There's nowhere to sit and eat, and you can't buy pizza by the slice. While this makes sense business-wise, being able to swing in and grab a slice would definitely bump Good Guys up to 5 stars for me. Still, you can't go wrong with their amazing pizza and fair prices.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,6/9/2014,136,280,,12,7>Yelp, you did not steer me wrong. I can't believe how much money I wasted at other dry cleaners. Rotundo's is literally half the cost of my former cleaner's. I imagine it is because Rotundo's does their cleaning right there and doesn't have to ship it out. They are prompt, professional and willing to accommodate your time restrictions for returning items. Example of prices:Woman's suit (jacket and pants) = $8. Compare to my prior cleaner which was about $16. Woman's trousers = around $4. Whenever they give me the bill I'm tempted to ask if there is an error in the pricing!!I can't imagine going anywhere else.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,6/8/2014,147,187,2,3,3>I'm updating my review from 4 to 5 stars, after dining here again last night.  After plans changed, I called at quarter to 6pm on a Friday night to make a reservation.  They were polite, and able to squeeze us in for a 7pm reservation.  (Unlike when you call other places the same night you was a res, and they don't have anything until 10pm).  When we arrived, we could truly tell they 'squeezed us in'.   There was literally only one empty table. Service is always impeccable here.  Rather than having one waitress, we had two last night waiting and checking on us.  At most places this could be annoying, however, when you are dealing with sushi, sake, and wine constantly coming out at different times, it is nice to always have someone helping to clear and make room on your table.  I tried to refill my own glass of wine, but the kind young lady jumped over to me so fast, refusing to let me lift an arm. Since my last review other menu items I love:- Autumn of NY - spicy salmon, tuna and yellowtail- Spicy tuna roll- Spicy mango shrimp rollService - 5 starsFood - 5 starsAtmosphere - 5 stars (it is always SO clean, smelling crisp & fresh, and decorated so elegantly)
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,6/7/2014,31,18,2,7,3>Sometimes you just want grilled cheese and tomato soup. For me and the lady, last night was one of those nights. I don't even remember what I ordered but it had gouda and caramelized onions and gooey goodness. the tomato soup was exactly what I needed to warm me up. the service was polite and prompt, and even though it's a small spot we found dining in to be quite cozy. we'll definitely be returning soon to sample more of the menu. all bases covered from fancy smelly cheeses to good old yellow American on white, there's something for everyone, even the kids. considering that crust next door is awful, and jims is bleh( see my reviews on Jim's and crust) I see this place having the potential to be a huge success.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/6/2014,126,349,,8,6>We came on a weekday afternoon for a lunch with a group of co-workers. I had been clued in to the opening via the Buffalo Paleo community - a group of people very happy to see a restaurant opening focused on naturally and sustainably raised meats. Our server Don was polite and knowledgeable with good suggestions for us. Chef Josh was in plain view in the kitchen, delicately placing light and fluffy clouds of puff pastry on top of steaming bowls of duck pot pie. The ambiance was great: not surprisingly, very similar to the not-soon-to-be-forgotten City Grill, but dissimilar enough to have it's own identity for sure. It's a unique layout that I wouldn't mess with, so that's reminiscent of day's past; but the place has a more modern feel with exposed structures, open air spacing, and rustic decor. I would have loved to see what a designer could do with the first floor bar, though - I always thought it was such an overbearing feature. Regardless, I felt comfortable and chic at our table. I admittedly was a very high maintenance diner that afternoon (it being my birthday lunch, I felt unrestrained), and Don took it all in stride. I ordered one burger, prepared like another burger, without a bun. Despite my order deserving of an eye roll, it came to the table perfectly as ordered. The availability of gluten free options on the menu is commendable and current (separate fryer, too!), and Don was good about answering all my annoying questions. I'm not a big Fan of sugar so I probably would have passed on a dessert regardless, but just as an FYI to curious readers, the restaurant did not offer any "celebratory" treat at the end - if you want one, order it! The rest of our party (we were 5 in all) enjoyed their lunch as well, especially the duck pot pie (but ask for a spoon to eat it!). I'm looking forward to returning for a dinner to get the full experience of the restaurant, instead of basing a full review on one burger. Update to come!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,6/5/2014,82,198,5,7,2>What I liked about this place:1) Super nice owner who seemed very genuine. Had a great chat. 2) Very reasonably priced sale rack outside and a great sale on winter coats when I went in - sales rotate.3) Good prices on shoes (though selection was small). 4) Amazing vintage coat selection. Fur, faux fur, leather, wool, tweed...the possibilities are endless, the rack is huge. 5) Good size range. I'm a 14ish (I'd guess?) and I found an AMAZING vintage 70's wool fitted at the waist with an A-line bottom mid-thigh length fire engine red winter coat, complete with faux fur wide collar and interior that was leopard print, in mint condition for $60. Heaven, I'm in heaven. If I had a fiver for every compliment I've gotten, I'd be giving Bill Gates a run for his money. Okay, well Mayor Brown at least. What wasn't a bonus for me:1) The styles are largely more professional than I wear, but hey, I'm trashy. *shrug* 2) The space is fairly small, so selection is limited. 3) WE NEED MORE SHOES! (I have a problem...)4) A lot of the jewelry and tops had more of a matronly vibe - you know, the very classy, sophisticated older women I will so definitely not grow up to be. But, again, I'm trashy.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,6/4/2014,36,63,,4,3>This place rocked it in every way. First a tip- if you are coming for dinner, make a reservation. Second tip- if you are going for the bar get there early or expect to stand for a bit. Now the dining grit. Everything we had was fantastic. I orders the sausage wrapped hardboiled egg to start, mostly because it sounded so strange to me. It had just the right amount of Cajun spice and great flavor! My husband got the bacon cheese potato soup- it's sooooo good. Fresh cooked bacon, not that cold bacon that's been hanging around since 2pm prep. Yum! I order the tuna for dinner, it was tasty and well done, but I have to say my husband, mother-in-law, and kids (yes!) meals stile the show for me. Husband ordered chicken and waffle sandwich. It's like heaven. SO much flavor! And a ridiculous portion size (really all of the portions were generous). MIL got what looked and smelled like an amazing burger. She loved it and said it was very flavorful. My kids ordered chicken fingers and macaroni and cheese. The Mac is AMAZING. I couldn't resist and kept digging in and stealing bites! So cheeses and flavorful, not like some that are just cheese and oil. They really did it right. The service was fantastic in every way- from host to table. Everything came out quickly, drinks were always full, and had great knowledge of the menu. They were great with the kids too. Lastly, if for no other reason, go to check out the fantastic extensive tap list!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/3/2014,168,160,7,5,6>Came here for Brunch after church on Sunday and really had a great time. We were a table of 7 including our 1 year old and so they set us up in the back which was like a private room. One thing my friend mentioned as we were being seated, when seated away from the main dining room the wait staff usually forgets you are there and don't really check in on you. That was NOT the case here at Shango, Our attentive server made sure that our water glasses were not empty and that we had enough napkins for our messy children without ever being disruptive. It was mentioned that the decor reminded our friends of a typical restaurant in the French Quarter in New Orleans and of course there was jazz playing overhead. The food really takes the spot light as it should at any good restaurant. I got the flat iron steak that sat atop a quinoa jambalaya I'm not really a fan of gritty grains  such as quinoa but considering what it was it was quite good. The steak itself was smothered in some saucy beans and then topped with an over medium egg. When i cut open that over medium egg and let that golden yolk ooze over my steak i started salivating like crazy. you bet i couldn't wait to get that first bite in my mouth. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Although we hadn't seen our old friends in a while our table grew quiet as everyone was too busy scarfing down their delicious cajun fare.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,6/2/2014,22,55,,4,4>Wow!!!!!! The Double Dutch Dip is the BEST "French dip" type sandwich that I've EVER had by far!!! The roll was so crispy, perfect amount of cheese, the roast beef was perfect, the au jus was amazing. I can't even properly describe this melt-in-your-mouth sensation. Absolutely incredible! This place has incredible food at very reasonable prices. Seriously, can't be beat. The desserts are a must try. I love the Turtle Cheesecake!!!! Oh, and, the French fries........ Yes! One of the top 3 French fries places in my list! Super crunchy and bursting with flavor! I love this place.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/1/2014,74,40,3,7,1>One visit and I'm already hooked! I live within blocks of their location and upon their opening received a coupon postcard that I never took advantage of and now I don't know why I've never gone before.I booked an appointment with Eric, he was extremely flexible and courteous when planning the appointment, his courteousness continued through my appointment. Being my first massage he was understanding of my lack of knowledge of the process and discussed what my needs were based upon what my issues are. The office is small and relaxing, filled with healing energies. The entrance to their office is the same as the private gym Fierce Fitness, you will need to ring a bell for entry for the building. If the gym owner lets you in just confirm you are there for Phoenix Rising. If you are looking for massage place I would recommend checking out Phoenix Rising.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,5/31/2014,90,142,6,9,6>So you all know the obligatory Greek Dressing found on every table at a Greek Restaurant, ie. "the Juice."  Think back to how many times at 3 am. you march into a greek restaurant, order some gyro and pour on the Juice.  Let me rephrase that, you make your boyfriend pour on the Juice because you don't want to touch the notoriously greasy cruet.  The Juice runs into your eggs, french fries, Greek potatoes, and it all becomes this amazing thing far greater than the sum of its parts.  I have tried too many times to recreate the Juice at home, but have always come up short.  (As a side note if anyone reads this who has had a hand in making the "authentic" Juice I would love you to send me the recipe.)  However, the Juice (up until now) has been limited to your favorite Greek establishment, and usually only reserved for a small selection of items.  Acropolis, the Elmwood favorite has recently expanded and opened up Newbury Street where Louie's used to be.  In doing so they have expanded the "Juice" to new and exciting applications.What an amazing paradigm shift this represents.  Louie's was a Buffalo late night classic; a dingy hole in the wall that we all loved.  There was nothing better than stumbling into the place a bit tipsy and scarfing down a sh*tty canoe (or for those of you unacquainted, a Texas Red Hot).  There is nothing healthy about a sh*tty canoe, but it is part of our shared Buffalo Heritage.  So Louie's burns down and Newbury Street opens up.  You could not imagine a more polar opposite restaurant taking Louie's place.  Newbury Street specializes in salads (featuring the Juice).  Plus the restaurant is super clean...poor Louie, his legacy shall not live on.  They have not had their grand opening yet, so their menu is quite limited, but what I had today was both healthy, nutritious and excellent.  One gets to choose two types of lettuce from arugula (it's a veg-e-table...if you don't get that reference I'm not even going to try anymore), romaine, spinach and kale.  I felt I needed a healthy boost today so I chose arugula and kale.  On top of that one gets to choose 4 free options and a variety of premium options.  Today's salad consisted of beets, 3 types of beans, red quinoa, craisins, greek chicken, pomegranate seeds, and chia seeds.  This was mixed with the Juice (though there were other options, I don't know why) and it was excellent, I mean really, really good.  The Juice has this wonderful salinity that coats everything and intensifies flavors.  The salad was super healthy.  I stocked up on antioxidants, beta carotene, folic acid, iron, magnesium, folate, potassium, all your lettered Vitamins and a few other exotic types which I am too much of a gentleman to mention.  I paired the salad with one of their cold pressed juices (not to be confused with "the Juice") made with kale and pineapple juice.  If I could eat like this every day for the rest of my life I may never age, much like Dorian Gray, but without the painting in the attic.      I have complained far too often about the lack of healthy choices for lunch in WNY.  While my meal was a bit expensive today, mostly because I indulged in the premium salad items, it was completely satisfying and delicious.  For years Buffalo's greatest meals were our bar foods, like wings, pizza and chicken finger subs.  That is all changing now to healthy and tasty alternatives.  Newbury Street represents a huge step in the right direction offering a convenient, quick and healthy meal right in the heart of the village.  As a bonus, they have stockpiles of "the Juice" for your enjoyment.  "Let food be thy medicine and medicine be they food."-Hippocrates (you know the guy with the oath)
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,5/30/2014,34,65,2,3,2>This little store on Grand Island reminds me very much of a childhood store that my sister and I used to walk to while growing up in Wheatfield, NY (the Wheatfield Trading Post.)Kelly's is an old-fashioned kind of store - big jars of colorful candies on the counter, assorted trinkets and little gift items, a room dedicated to spices and cooking, a little room for candles... and lots and lots of chocolate!!!We went to see the Easter Bunny at Kelly's with my sister's 6 month old twins.  Was shocked that it was FREE for the visit and you can take your own pictures for FREE!!!  (Although you can also pay $3 for a printed photo if you choose (so reasonable!)) We will definitely be back next Easter for more pics and I'm betting we fit in a December trip also, to visit Santa.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,5/29/2014,8,41,,3,2>This restaurant is great for going out or dates.The lobster mac & cheese is absolutely delicious with truffle cream sauce. When I had ordered it a second time although, they ran out of the tortellini it normally came with and was replaced with a noodle, not as good but it still tasted great.The atmosphere is very laid back, romantic, and chill. I think the water has cucumber in it, it was very refreshing.Had the corn crab fritter which was really good as well.Would definitely go back for dinner. They know have Ambrosia's greek food for lunch which is exciting as well. Used to get the best chicken souvlaki in a pita there.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,5/28/2014,10,67,4,4,2>Had the mountain of meat ... Which made my hubby think I was talking about him. Wishful thinking on his part. :)The prices here are very reasonable compared to other bbq places in the area. We started with the warm homemade cornbread and homemade maple butter. Not sure the people next to me appreciated me taking my finger to clean out every last spot of butter but hey don't judge. I had the meat lovers platter which has pork, brisket and kielbasa. You know a great bbq place when the bring out the pork with no sauce. To me, that means they are confident in their meat. Slather on sauce if you want. They have 3 options. Plenty of meat. Hubby had the 1/4 chicken and baby back ribs. He loved the chicken. Can not think of better chicken locallyFor the sides.. Hush puppies, beans, yams, mac salad, mac and cheese. All were good, no complaints. Server was friendly, great prices, excellent food. If you are a bbq fan you have to come here.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/27/2014,53,252,,4,2>It's about time we had a really good international market in the city--I was getting pretty tired of trekking out to Kenmore or Amherst! Vineeta has everything I need (and, yes, about a thousand strange things I'd never dare try) to cook Indian/Persian/Asian food. As a vegetarian, I love these cuisines' mature, complex flavors and emphasis on plant-based cooking. However, it can be challenging finding some of the specialized ingredients (and if even you do find them at Wegmans/Tops, you'll pay an arm and a leg). Vineeta solves all that with a well-organized store stocked with very reasonably priced goods--especially with it comes to herbs, spices, and dried grains/beans. I must also note that the service is quite good--even despite a sometimes very substantial language barrier. When I was checking out this week, the woman at the counter held up an item from my basket and said, "You want ginger?" I replied that I did (thinking, "Of course I was ginger. That's why I put it in my basket!"). As it turns out, she was spot-on; what I had grabbed was not ginger at all--it was galanga, which looks almost identical but has a totally different flavor. She even took the time to scratch each root so I could compare the smells!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,5/26/2014,58,72,3,6,3>This is what Buffalo has been waiting for forever.  In my opinion.  It's a draw to bring people downtown, and outside.  I'll admit, I only frequent this place on Tuesday nights when it's loaded with food trucks and people.  Given that however, it is a brilliant time!  I was here last Tuesday (5/13) and was surprised at all the trucks that were there!  It was hard to chose which items to taste, and even harder to wait in line.  There was a live band playing some relaxing country tunes, a few types of beer and wine available, enough parking, and plenty of people to talk with.The city truly comes to life down here on a Tuesday night.  Even if you're not a fan or frequent guest of some of Buffalo's amazing trucks, this is a great place to bring friends or the family just to get outside and enjoy some of what the city has to offer in terms of hospitality and good fun.  It was remeniscent of nights in Carolina where you can almost forget about the fact that we were dark and snowy for the last 8 months.  :)
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/25/2014,56,100,2,10,5>We cracked the code! The salsa is different than other other Mexican restaurant you will find in the area because the salsa is made with chile guajillo instead of tomatoes. We came here based off of reviews of other Yelpers and must say the food is excellent! There are many dishes and juice options which are just like they make back home - I finally got my Jugo de mango which I haven't had in a year, and my husband got his favorite Jugo de mora. My big disappointment was that they have pozole on the menu but they didn't have it available today. That just means we need to come back now that we found a place that makes one of my most favorite soups in the world!My husband got the torta al pastor, which again is another favorite. The sandwich was very close to how it is fixed in Puebla and DF- with the only noticeable difference being that they use their guajillo salsa on it. He loved it! I had to shift gears and went with the carne asana burrito- which is an American dish but the carne was prepared with the same flavor I am accustomed to. We are over full and very pleased! Not our usual neighborhood but we will definitely come back because the food is truly out of this world!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/24/2014,22,48,3,8,6>I'll start by saying Hutch's is DELICIOUS! The food is just great. I visited with some family last weekend and we all had a great time.I got the lamb chops which came with a yummy, creamy potato gratin and nice, crunchy green beans. I also got a caesar salad to start, and I have to say the dressing was a little too.. tangy? I don't know what, but there was something strange about the dressing. It was still pretty good though. The rest of my food was amazing. I won't go through what everyone else got but everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food.For dessert, I had the apple, pear, craisin crisp topped with vanilla ice cream - YUM! Some of the other desserts at the table included cheesecake and chocolate cake. I did try the cheesecake and it was tasty!The service is excellent. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, as well as accommodating.My only complaint about Hutch's is that it's expensive. I'm a firm believer that you get what you pay for - and although this food was excellent and the service just as good, it still seemed too pricey for me. I've been to a lot of restaurants that are just as good or better for less.But either way.. great food!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/23/2014,56,82,,8,4>I had my hair cut by Julie the other day and I couldn't be happier. I brought in about ten different pictures, none of which captured exactly what I had in mind, and she managed to translate that into exactly what I wanted. For the past eight months or so I've been growing my hair out and it was past time to go short again. With my haircut I also had my hair dyed and color blocked. The color came out perfectly, and I love the hints of purple popping out from underneath the dark brown. One thing that I think is really important is my ability to do my hair in the morning without too much effort. While it never looks quite as good as coming out of the salon, I've definitely been able to do it myself without too much trouble. Julie was amazing and I'd definitely recommend Fawn & Fox to anyone.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,5/22/2014,65,55,3,4,3>Despite what anyone says, I love Condrell's! It is one of the only places that gives you the best bang for your buck.  There are tons of sundaes to chose from and a lot of flavors of ice cream (Byrne Dairy and Perry's Ice Cream.) Like a usual candy store/ice cream shop it is pretty cold and smells like heaven. I usually go with a group of girlfriends when we want a PMS treat. I always crave hot fudge and peanut butter, Condrell's makes sure to give you your fix, and then some. The sundae is around 7 bucks and is well worth it. The whipped cream is made by Condrell's and tastes so thick and creamy. When I have gone it has never been busy but I'm sure that is a different story during the evening hours or on a weekend. There is only street parking so make sure you bring some quarters with you. I would have to suggest a Condrell's sundae for all of us ladies who crave sweet and tasty treats before our time of the month, sorry guys but we need chocolate and sympathy to keep us happy. Take us to Condrell's and we won't complain!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,5/21/2014,267,183,2,5,3>So I pass this place every morning on route 5 when going to work. Actually I pass it twice, the second time is going home.I then pull up my trusty Yelp app seeing where are the Chineese restaurant near Walmart. This one came up. At first I was wondering where it was but when I was finally driving to it, then it hit me, I pass this place every morning.At first I try to find a menu online and I do. I notice they have amazing lunch specials but by the time I got there, it was past the lunch time period. I do notice they have two version of the general tso chicken. I wasn't sure what's that about.So after my Walmart run I drive down there. It's literally about 5 minutes away.  I find it right in front of the lake and I park right in the front. There is a big sign that says restaurant parking only. I park there and walk in. There was a nice Chineese lady to answer all my question. My question was, what's the difference with with combination and chief special. She said that the chief special was for two people and the combination is for one person with pork fried rice. I order and I thought it was going to be ten minutes but it was actually longer which was great. I don't mind waiting for food if it's fresh. I tell her that I will be eating here. After about 15min my food comes out. It's as fresh as you Can get. The chicken in my general tso chicken was freshly breaded and fried. U know it was because then breading the crispy. The fried rice tasty yummy also. The sauce they use wasn't that sweet which was good and they didn't load it up like how other places do. The chicken also didn't taste like a pre breaded chicken from Walmart and was made from scratch.Before scarfing the food down, I ask for chopstick and the lady was surprised and was like, you use chop sticks ? I said yes.I get my food. Everything is piping hot and it's all delish. The chicken was tasty, lots of bits of chicken and not overly sauced like other places. The egg roll was home made also. The crust was nice and flakey. It was also hot in the middle. Unlike that Chineese place In Angola with the store bought egg roll and the middle was cold as ice. Over all not a bad Chineese restaurant place for the area and that's decently close by. I will be coming back for sure.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,5/20/2014,2,31,2,6,4>I came acorss this restaurant trying to find something a little different than the normal everyday restaurants. I was very impressed with the service and the portions of food they offer here. The Buffalo Chicken Wing soup was delicious and in my opinion one of the best in town!  They have a small menu but they put their own spin on the traditional foods. The blackened Shrimp pasta was very good, just the right amount of spice and the portion was more than enough. The atmosphere was lovely, the staff was attentive, and everything came out in a timely mannor. The food was amazing and I will definately be back to try other things off the menu! If you are looking for a nice restaurant that isn't overly pricy this is the place to go...you wont be disappointed!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,5/19/2014,49,51,3,6,4>I am a big fan Orange Cat. I used to treat myself to their coffee on especially rough days in college. Center Street is such a charming place to be and I love everything about Orange Cat's set-up. On nice days, you can spend time outside at their little café tables, people watching and catching up with friends. On colder days, they've provided a nice, cozy atmosphere inside. You really feel like you're in someone's house. I haven't had any of their food, and I'm the kind of girl who drinks boring, black coffee, but they have so many varieties and they make their java strong. YES! I always love when a coffee shop has a nice set-up for 'fixings.' They offer cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar in the raw--thank you! Although I don't usually put anything in my coffee but a dash of cinnamon, I appreciate that attention to detail. As someone else said, "very Lewiston"!AND I got a sticker to put on my car today. Woohoo!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,5/18/2014,109,8,,7,5>I had been reticent to go here since Caz Coffee closed, but I was pleasantly surprised! They renovated and opened up the first floor and I LOVE how it looks, so spacious and inviting. And the front of the cafe, especially with the addition of bookshelves is so inviting and makes you want to curl up with a book off a shelf or enjoy a great talk with a friend in the sunshiney front window. And the menu is awesome! I am a vegetarian and super grateful they have a few veggie offerings, all cleverly named literary references. Wish there were more gems like this in south buffalo.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/17/2014,32,110,3,8,5>Cozy Cafe & Catering might be new in town, but owner Rob is well seasoned in the food service industry, and is a successful entrepreneur familiar to Clarence folks.We arrived fairly close to closing but were encouraged to stay. We were treated like royalty.Admittedly it was a bit hard to locate, not being from Clarence. The cafe is right on Main Street at 9060, but the structure is located behind another business called Monkey See Monkey Do. It was worth the search! They offer take-out, dine-in and delivery.The building is a renovated barn, lending to the rustic and cozy atmosphere, complete with an awesome mural painted on the wall. The menu consists of from-scratch made selections of salads, wraps, soup and panini. Sides are a choice of home made pita chips, field greens with balsamic dressing on the side or a fresh fruit bowl. Drinks are coffee, tea, water or pony-sized Cokes. (8 oz. is plenty!)I enjoyed the vegetarian hummus wrap, beautifully presented with a small bowl of fresh grapes, strawberries, honeydew and cantaloupe. Honey Pie ordered the classic cozy tomato basil wrap: roasted turkey and hard salami with lettuce, tomatoes and provolone. We shared a bread bowl of French onion soup, oh yummy and afterwards split a homemade warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream atop, whipped cream, chocolate syrup and a cherry! Not a huge portion, appropriately sized for a little something sweet to end the meal.Cozy Cafe & Catering opened earlier this month and I have great confidence it will become a Clarence go-to place, with its charming inside and patio seating NOT impeded by road noise since it is set back from the road. Be sure to check the hours of operation, it's mainly a lunch/afternoon weekday spot, at least initially.Cozy Cafe & Catering has a catering menu that includes appetizers, platters, hot trays and homemade cookies and flan.Note there is not a leaf of iceberg lettuce in the house --only wholesome, nutritious field greens. Orders are taken on an iPad and your receipt is texted or emailed to you, gotta like that.It was a cold, rainy night outside, but inside the Cozy Cafe & Catering was warm and welcoming -- a new favorite spot to enjoy healthy comfort food.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/16/2014,165,165,,6,4>Every time I go in here it seems that the products keep getting better. They have this whole, baked, cored apple surrounded in a puff pastry doused in creamy sweet icing..YUMMY GOOD! The pies are always fresh, the folks who work there are  friendly and always make it a good experience. They are currently celebrating their 50th anniversary in business, a great success story!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,5/15/2014,122,85,2,5,3>After reading about Dwyer's on one of the "best wing" lists here on Yelp, I knew I had to check it out. This was my first time to North Tonawanda and I was really impressed by the area - a nice strip of shops, restaurants, and the Riviera Theater. The restaurant itself was PACKED! I didn't think cheap booze and wings could attract such a crowd - then I found out there was a Beatles cover band playing the theater next door. Dwyer's is known for their variety of sauces for their chicken wings. I went with the house special, aka raspberry bbq. I did like how there was an option to order 15 wings, instead of the usual 10,20,etc. However, I did not like that you could not split either size 10 or 15 with more than one sauce. The raspberry wings hit the spot. Sweet and heavy with sauce you definitely need to ask for extra napkins. Also went with a side of the homemade celtic (potato) chips fully loaded with sour cream, cheese, and bacon. Though they were a bit soggy and didn't live up to the expectation. Overall, Dwyer's is a great place to meet friends, make friends, and chow down on serious wings. I'll be back next time to try the cajun wings.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/14/2014,32,67,2,10,3>Both my puppy and I just adore Dog Days of Buffalo. We attended the free puppy socialization (puppy parties!) on Wednesday nights and had the best experience. The facilities are clean and well-maintained and the staff is just a delight! From the moment we walked in on our first day, we were promptly greeted and felt right at home. I can't say enough how much I appreciate the puppy socialization classes. Not only does Dog Days offer these at no cost, but they also have staff who take the time to get to know the names of each and every dog. (It's pretty amazing!) My puppy enjoyed meeting other dogs and people and learning how to play nicely. She had so much fun, that she'd usually fall asleep on the car ride home after! :)I'm now getting ready to think about signing up for a basic obedience class and I have no question about it that I'll be doing so at Dog Days of Buffalo!Note: If you're interested in puppy socialization, there is more info on their website, but it's free to all puppies up-to-date with shots, up to the age of 6 months. In nicer weather, you play outside, but when it's not so good, they move the classes inside. Also, they break the play groups up by size and temperament. There was a big puppy group, a little puppy group, and a little place for the shy puppies to play too!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/13/2014,180,83,1,10,6>One of my favorite places in Buffalo to go out and enjoy an amazing dinner. Food was delicious and I could not have had better service from our waitress, ask for Amanda if you are dining at Tempo, she is as good as it gets for the serving staff at Tempo. For dinner I had, The Eggplant Antipasto, The Seared Halibut (Special of the night), and a piece of the Cassata cake. My Eggplant Antipasto had crispy fried eggplant, goat cheese, babys greens, and a Delicious sun dried tomato vinaigrette. It was prepared perfectly, nice thick pieces of eggplant fried just enough to give that special crunch but to keep that soft texture of the eggplant all inside. The goat cheese was just the right amount where it did not over power the taste of the other items in the dish, and had a very light vinaigrette where you knew it was in the dish but not loaded on top to ruin the dish. THE SEARED HALIBUT! This dish needs to be permanently put on the menu. It came with thick noodles, chopped asparagus tips, a few baby greens, and a thick piece of halibut. My halibut was seared to beautiful golden brown, seasoned to delight with a little sea salt, and cut like butter when my fork went into in. The noodles were cooked al dente and had the rich taste of butter, the asparagus was perfect as well, firm and not over cooked. You can never go wrong with there cassata cake. It had layers of white cake, filled with ricotta cheese and chocolate chips, with cherry drizzle on top with a cherry garnish. Tempo did it right for me on a Saturday night, I will always be a reoccurring customer.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/12/2014,57,144,3,7,5>OMG! Thank you to everyone that recommended this place! I am no expert on authentic Indian cuisine, just a fan, and this place scored five stars across the board for me in ambiance, friendly service, taste and portions. The menu is the best I have ever seen; beautiful with photos and descriptions of every dish. This was great place to meet and catch up with an old friend but it also would be a nice place for a date. We started with a bottle of wine and some appetizers: An order of Aloo Naan and the Mixed Vegetable Platter which included veggie samosas, pankoras and aloo kababs. For our entrees I ordered the Vegetable Korma, we shared the Lamb Curry, and my friend ordered the Chicken Maltkani, all which came with your side choice of Basmati Rice or regular Naan and in your choice of spice, mild, medium or hot. Obviously, we had to take some home to-go.My favorites were the Aloo Naan, the pankoras and the Vegetable Korma. This place is far beyond my regular stompin' grounds but well worth the drive and the price.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/11/2014,18,57,,8,4>All of the 5-star reviews before this one weren't kidding. Martin Cooks' dinner is a truly amazing  experience. There's nothing else like it in Buffalo.The atmosphere was very warm and friendly upon our arrival; the staff all had smiles on their faces as they were setting up for our 8:30 meal; something you don't always see in restaurants. They took our coats and gave us a glass of champagne. Martin himself walked around introducing himself to everyone, and he's a great guy to talk to and will happily answer any questions you have about the restaurant. For starters, the Sangria is wonderful. I stuck to that for my drink of choice for the night.The theme for the meal was Soul Food. The first course "Shrimp & Pimento Cheese" was an amazing flavor explosion...but only one bite's worth; just a tease of what's to come. About 20 minutes pass between each of the six courses, so it's worth noting that you're going to be there for a couple hours and you better be dining with someone you'll enjoy chatting with for that long!Next up was "Sweet Potato Soup". I'm not much of a soup guy, and I never in a million years would have guessed that this would be my favorite course of the night. It was truly one of the best tasting things I've ever hard in my life. I could drink a jug of it. Simply incredible flavor.The third course was  "Macaroni & Cheese"; Martin warned me that it wasn't what I expected. and that proved true! It was a stuffed shell with collared greens and sharp cheddar melted over it. Very cool, creative take on the title."Braised Pork Belly" was up next. and it was perfect. Like candy. Tough to go wrong with Pork Belly, but it was prepared very well."Fried Chicken" was an amazingly presented chunk of, well, fried chicken over grits with maple syrup sauce. It was like a...southern cupcake. Incredible.The dessert was "Ambrosia Salad"; a light and tasty citrus snack. I definitly needed the dessert to be on the lighter side; even though the portions of all six courses are very small, they are so packed full of flavor that I was fully stuffed.Overall, it's a pricy meal but you truly get what you pay for. Worth every penny. I'll be back.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,5/10/2014,47,73,2,10,4>Honestly my favorite breakfast spot in Buffalo.  Really never heard of this hidden gem until about a year ago while reading some fellow Yelper reviews and previewing all the great food pictures.  I know it's been showcased on the food network, but didn't care to watch it and decided to try it out for myself.  When I go to diners, my all time favorite breakfast dish is a hearty jam packed omelet.  And Sophia's does it better than anyone else.  On my first visit I went with the Sophia 1 omelet, loaded with tomato, spinach, and feta cheese.  I sat at the bar and Sophia's brother served it right from the grill onto the plate and brought it over pipping hot.  It came with a large helping of grilled potatoes with side of homemade toast, and I also ordered up a side of crispy bacon!  I went with a large orange juice and coffee to drink.  They were running low on drink glasses on this morning, but I lucked out sitting at the bar and received a pint glass of orange juice.  The Sophia 1 omelet was outstanding in every way, eggs cooked perfect, feta became all melted in the middle, and well balanced with the fresh spinach and juicy tomatoes.  The homemade toast with butter was savory, and the large helping of potatoes was comforting and delicious.  On my second trip here I went with a create your own omelet, and had it filled it with tomato, bacon, and provolone cheese....and homemade toast of course! Again I sat in the same spot at the bar and Sophia was cutting up putting away a huge pan of bread pudding.  She made me feel at home right away, asking if I wanted to read the paper while waiting for my food, and checked my coffee if needing a refill.  She pointed out her brother and son cooking at the grill, and talked with regulars coming and going out the door.  Everything came out spectacular and right from the grill to my plate in front of me.  Sophia ask me "where else can you get that?", pointing out my large steamy hot savory omelet.  I emphatically replied no where!......guess I'm going to sit here and sip my coffee while this cools down for a minute.  She smiled and laughed.  After I finished breakfast and began to put on my jacket she asked if I'd be back.....yes I'll be back for sure.....I already miss this place!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/9/2014,42,40,2,11,7>Everyone talks about how great this place is, but I was a bit suspicious. After all, I grew up in Louisiana, have family in Texas, and spent about 10 years of my life in North Carolina. I feel like I really know what barbecue is all about. Well, this place is really, really good. It's well worth the wait. (It takes forever to get seated. I recommend making a reservation well in advance.) The food is delicious!My favorite is the brisket. It's hard to find a place that does brisket right. The brisket here is tender and smokey, cooked slow and low --as they say down south. The brisket sandwich is great, but I also like it on its own, with the black-eyed greens, slaw, and cornbread. The barbecued chicken is very good, too, but I like DBGBs on Allen Street better. I'm not a huge connoisseur of ribs, but the ones I had were out-of-this-world delicious: succulent, moist, fall-off-the-bone tender. The North Carolina pork was good, but not really North Carolina style barbecue. It didn't have that great vinegary flavor that North Carolina pulled pork should have. One great surprise is the pie. I LOVE chocolate pie and theirs is as good as it gets.The atmosphere is just what it should be for a barbecue joint. It's crowded, noisy, a little on the boisterous side. The beer list is very good. It's a great place to go for a fun night out. I'll definitely be back again and again and again.Parking is impossible. Be prepared to pay or hunt for a space.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/8/2014,30,47,3,10,5>The service by Suzy herself! She has to be the sweetest lady I have met. Her hubby works the back of the house and she works front of the house. She was all for explaining things, which we didn't need, but would be mighty helpful for those lost In the menu.Both the ribs and chicken were cooked perfectly and the family all enjoyed their 3 sauces. Though the Mac n cheese was too dried out for our liking Suzy took it right off the tab no questions asked. We didn't even need to ask her to, she just did when we didn't want to box it. Great customer service as a lot of places seem to argue this.You can just tell this is the real deal kind of family owned place. I have nothing against chains.... Just not quite the same. This is certainly the place in Buffalo if looking for a Ma and pa joint.We will definitely be back.Ps-- If they are out of something, its just that popular. Early bird gets the worm. And yes bring cash!! Though an atm is there for your convenience.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,5/7/2014,166,110,3,7,5>You can go and just drink wine here and chat with friends. We went for the dinner and pairing Wednesday night special. The atmosphere is lively but quite enough to have a conversation. I was noticing they could probably pack a few more tables in but seems like they want a open relaxed feel. Just Vino has a very nice, modern, and clean feel. Server was real nice and seemed knowledgable. Food is very good and fancy, they are very good a pairing the wine and food. The owner is super kick back, and is often seen drinking some wine himself and enjoying conversation with a customer. We will defiantly be back!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,5/6/2014,82,148,2,12,7>Friends of Night People has anchored the west end of Allentown for some decades now, a bastion of dependability for the needy though not necessarily the destitute of the city.  Nightly, the institution serves a warm meal and warm beverages free of charge, no questions asked to members of the community who desire it.  By hot meal, I don't mean thin chicken soup and grilled cheese sandwiches either.  I mean tacos.  I mean beef stroganoff.  I mean turkey dinners on Thanksgiving.  FNP strains itself to do the best it can to provide quality services while ensuring a pervasive sense of safety.  (For many visitors, the latter point cannot be underscored enough.)On my return to Buffalo, I learned that FNP has expanded its range of services quite significantly, offering free ophthalmologic care, checkups, a clothing closet, and a food pantry of sorts.  Its premises also host regular A.A. meetings.  As I mentioned earlier, I volunteer here, and I would heartily encourage Yelp readers unaware of the institution to volunteer their time, else their resources to the institution.  However apparently small the contribution, be it simply serving coffee at a dinner service or donating a few old sweatshirts, every contribution here does indeed play a vital role in fulfilling their mission.As a city, we give quite a bit of lip service to the concept of Buffalove.  Friends of Night People has demonstrated it night in and night out for decades.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/5/2014,168,1331,5,16,11>Top 10 reasons to visit Oliver's sometime soon:10.  Parking - Valet and if you have someone who needs a hand they will pull up in front of the door for you.  And if you give your parking ticket to your server while paying the bill it will be at the door waiting for you as you leave.  Cannot be beat this cold snowy slippery winter.    9. Changing menu - Menu changes from time to time.  Specials do too.  Rabbit is back on right now.  Foie gras is (sad for me) off.  8.  Varied seating choices - You can sit at the bar "where everybody knows your name", in a booth by the bar (so comfy), or various styles and sizes in tables in the back, or even a private room.  You can always find what you want. 7.  Half price bottles Sun - Many of their bottles are half price Sundays.   What makes this great is you don't have to finish the bottle.  They have an old time liquor license and can recork and send what's left home with you.  How great is that?  6.  Desserts - Full disclosure, we don't always have dessert, but those we have had have been terrific.  Most recently the table shared the "homemade ice-cream trio" which that night had macadamia ice-cream, coffee and one other one.  Greatly enjoyed.  5.  Bread basket - People rave about the spinach loaf.  I've had it once.  It was good no doubt.  But their regular basket is so good and has different options (basic rolls, flat crispy "cracker" things, more complex rolls), so something for everyone.  And you can choose oil or butter.  Either way you cant loose.  4.  Inviting bar - This is a fundamentally inviting bar.  The chairs are comfortable.  The bartender knows everyone.  TV is nice but not overwhelming.  It's a little upscale. Has a live piano player at times.  If I were the type to "sit at a bar" this is a bar I'd consider doing that at.3.  Jake - He's our favorite waiter but we have had others and they are also top notch.   But Jake is who I ask for when we make a reservation. 2.  Other clientele - Very diverse from an age view, you see families with 5 years olds (well behaved ones) to octogenarians celebrating their grandchild's college graduation, and everything in between. Since the tables are not on top of each other, you don't actually hear every detail, but its fun to imagine.  We love that its a "go to" for celebrations as well as a place people go for a nice meal.  1.  Menu and chef of course!  Food here is very good.  Serving sizes are perfect.  From the apps to the mains, you cant go wrong it seems.  We have had multiple things off the menu, some specials, and so far its all been greatly enjoyed.  While I don't eat oysters, I have been with people who ordered them and they were very pleased.Overall this is not an "everyday place" for most people.  Its pricey.  It is not really a blue jean and hoodie environment.  But it is a terrific place in North Buffalo to get a very good meal in a great atmosphere with a menu sure to please all.We have been there a lot since our first visit back many months ago.  For us Sundays are good and its the only upscale dining "game in town" open on Sundays it seems.  Lombardos, The Rue, Mike As, Tempo all closed Sunday.  If one were open we might vary our routine, but for now, "if its Sunday, its Olivers"!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/4/2014,25,70,,7,4>How much do I love D'Avolio's Kitchen?  We ordered takeout for lunch at work on Wednesday.  It was so damn delicious, we ordered again on Thursday.  I currently work nearby but next week I'm actually getting moved to another location, and I'm thinking about asking my boss to take my original job back just so I can order from D'Avolio's every single day!This review is obviously for takeout only, but although the inside is small, it's super cute and would be a great place to have lunch with a friend (not ideal for large groups).  Their menu is very interesting- decide if you want a salad, antipasto, pizza, or sandwich.  Then choose your meats, cheeses, spreads, and veggies.  I had the antipasto both days, because I just love the variety available!  The first day I had prosciutto and house made meatballs, feta and fresh mozzarella, roasted asparagus and spicy broccoli, house made olive tapenade, and it comes with 2 small pieces of delicious focaccia bread.  SO AMAZING.  Everything was delicious, homemade and with high quality ingredients.  I felt like I could have been eating a meal somewhere in Tuscany (albeit in a takeout container in the work break room).  My favorites were the prosciutto (melts in your mouth, salty goodness) and the spicy broccoli (definitely had a nice kick to it) so I definitely got those repeats the next day.  I also tried the chicken, which was cold but nicely seasoned and grilled, roasted beets (paired well with the amazing goat cheese), sharp cheddar, and the caponata spread.  You could literally eat here every day for a year and have a different combination every day.  And it would all be delicious.Today I was responsible for picking up our order, and it was packed with a waitlist for lunch.  There is some off-street parking but not much.  I noticed the owner walking around to all of the tables, asking them how everything was, which is always great to see.I have frequented D'Avolio's for years for their olive oils, but the Kitchen has sold me.  It makes me sad I won't be able to frequent them as much as I would like, but I will be sure to invent reasons to be in the area from 11am to 4pm for my antipasto!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,5/3/2014,27,50,,5,4>I stopped in here to pick something up for a wine and cheese party that I was attending that evening. The place smelled delicious! Not knowing exactly what I looking for, I asked the baker for a suggestion. She pointed out some items in the display cases but nothing seemed appropriate for my need. THEN she told me about some of the pastries that were on the cooling racks. She showed me what she referred as a Ricotta Log. Fresh out of the oven. It was a light pastry about 14 inches long, 5 inches across and filled with a ricotta filling just like that of a cannoli. Sounds like cheese to me -- a little different, but perfect for the wine and cheese party I was attending. Since it was still warm out of the oven, we decided that it would be best if I stopped by a little later so that the glazed frosting could be applied. When I came back a couple hours later she had it set aside for me (see photo). Since I was there, I decided to try one of their best selling Italian cookies also - a glazed fig cookie. It was great.The Ricotta Log was a HUGE success at the party I attended. It was absolutely delicious and far lighter that it looked. Everyone was raving about it. If you are looking for a different dessert I highly recommended this one! AND it was only $8!! I suggest calling first because I believe that they only make a couple of them a day.This afternoon I stopped by Gino's again to let the very kind and helpful baker know how happy I was with the Ricotta Log. (I wish that I got her name - she is so pleasant.) Naturally I took the opportunity to sample a couple more baked goods - four bite sized Italian cookies for $2 (they are priced by weight, but I'm not sure of the price per pound). Again, I was very pleased.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/2/2014,198,661,5,11,7>MEATBALLS.Do yourself a favor and order at least one. Seriously, they're the best I think I've ever had from a restaurant anywhere (and better than all of my Italian relatives' too! Shhhhh!).I was soooooooo impressed with their homemade pasta. Spaghetti, lasagna noodles, ravioli noodles. All so very very good. We came for Restaurant Week. I ordered a meatball, the chicken lasagna, and the zeppole. You know how I feel about the meatball... The chicken lasagna was good. So very very rich. The tiny piece served was disappointing at first but I don't think I could have eaten more. The zeppole... Oh the zeppole! I didn't even care about the chocolate sauce. I just wanted those delicious little donuts. They were hot and fresh and melt in your mouth. Mmm! I tried the spaghetti, ravioli, and cannoli dip. All awesome! As usual I was impressed. Osteria 166 is some of my favorite Italian in all of WNY. Molto Bene!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/1/2014,100,61,3,4,3>Casa is a great place to grab dinner and/or drinks. They've been a take-out/delivery staple as well as a dine-in favorite of ours for years. They're always playing our game/match/race/etc. on one of their numerous TVs. When the holidays come around they have Santa stop in. Despite his busy schedule I'm sure his presence helps parents looking for an excuse to get out of the house.Casa was one of the first menus I'd seen offer gluten-free options. They offer pizza as well as pasta. It's limited, but when it comes to gluten-free it's nice to have an option. Hopefully it expands.Beyond pizza they offer an extensive Italian menu. On more than one occasion I've ordered half the menu in an attempt to convince my wife I was a romantic chef. She was happy with the meal, but otherwise unconvinced the culinary skills were mine...
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/30/2014,27,185,3,6,5>Love me some Nick's Place. I work right around the corner at a school and when we have half days or exam days when we are allowed to eat out for lunch, Nick's is our place! With limited hours, you couldn't have dinner here but what an awesome diner to come grab some breakfast or lunch.  The breakfasts are outstanding! Homemade bread, great hashbrowns and many more other options to chose from, whether it's a work outing or a hangover Sunday Nick's breakfast hits the spot.  Their lunch menu is also a good size.  The subs and sandwiches are hearty portions and dirt cheap! You could walk out of here having a giant meal for less than 8$ easy.  I had a friend pay about 4$ including tip for a breakfast. Not the nicest of places inside when it comes to decor, but hey it's a small diner who thrives on their food and what else do you need? Probably eaten here over 30 times, no complaints and I will continue coming here!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,4/29/2014,72,177,1,7,4>Really good General Tso's Tofu...so crispy in the outside and soft on the inside. Hubs even loved my cold leftovers.It came with vegetables but it just has a garnish. I'd love to see some broccoli mixed in.They have great dinner specials...unless you're a vegetarian, in which case you can only get fried rice or lo mein as part of the special.For example, Dinner for Two special is $20.50 for two egg or spring rolls, two soups, two entrees from the two lists. The have dinner for 1 - 8 specials.Nice staff, good food, Asian beers. Everyone loved their dishes, and there were 14 of us.They have a private room for groups, which fits about 12-14 people.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,4/28/2014,1092,741,20,18,17>Ricki Lake once announced that this was her favourite "silver box car diner" in the USA. Immediately, daytime TV fanatics and addicts from places like Salina, Kansas and Winslow, Arizona and Covington, Kentucky, began flocking to this diner. The owners decided this was due to the "Ricki Lake Effect", and so they named it as an homage to her. I've always thought Ricki Lake was kind of cute. Please don't tell anyone I said that. It's like saying Oprah is cute. Or Maury. Ugh ugh ugh. Speaking of which, I have this friend who is a porn star, and she taped herself doing it with Jerry Springer in a Chicago hotel room. I'm not even kidding. But this has nothing to do with this review. At all. And none of you want to hear about that. Food is much more important than my adult entertainment friends. So on with the show.I tend not to like "trendy" diners with "innovative" menus and (sorry) young chefs usually don't do it for me. Not sure why. Middle Aged and Older chefs and owners tend to really impress me more (though not always). Well this place totally breaks my stereotypes. It's a fancier diner (not by looks, but by menu, quality and innovation) than any other Buffalo diner, but it's also unspeakably delicious. And the owners are young, a young couple actually... but they've done an amazing job and they really know what they are doing.The prices are kind of up there, but that's understandable since the food is much better than "standard diner fare", and it's in the City of Buffalo, in the fancy part of Main Street by the University of Buffalo South Campus. It's open pretty late... I liked it much better when it was open 24 hours back in the day, but that's okay. Times are hard and it's depressing that Denny's gets to be open 24 7 but this place doesn't.I tried the Smoked Ham with Red Eye Gravy because it's famous and all made in-house (and of course D D & D told me to try this dish, haha!). It was absolutely delicious. I think it was a 5/5 meal but I can't really remember. It costs $14 which really isn't a lot since the portion is so large. Every bite was delicious and the mashed potatoes were unique and original... I can't remember if I liked them, lol.Full marks go to the milkshakes. This place is famous for its shakes and a lot of people come in just for shakes. I tried the coffee/chocolate and they were delicious. I need to go back and get another one soon because I miss the deliciousness of this shake. It's one of my favourite shakes in town. Delectable and yummy. Buffalo does great shakes anyway, and none moreso than this one.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/27/2014,55,44,1,9,8>Best brunch in Buffalo! I usually come here for their burgers which are always awesome. (They have a huge selection and are always cooked perfectly). However, I came here recently for their brunch on Sunday and it was SO good. I had the Guinness battered french toast  and the $7 all you can drink mimosas AND bloody marys. That's right- you can switch between mimosas and bloodys from noon to three. I also love the atmosphere here. Its very relaxed and the service has never been a problem. Only suggestion-don't come here too late on a Friday or Saturday night. It gets very packed.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2014,4/26/2014,78,107,6,9,3>My Order: Makkoli, Room for 4 ($30/hr) PROs: - very friendly, efficient & helpful service: the boss/manager is always at the front desk if you need to order anything or have any questions- their drinks were so good. We ordered Makkoli (korean rice wine) which came with Sprite. Makkoli & Sprite is the BEST combination by far! - great song selection. Me & my friends took turns fluctuating between English, Korean, Japanese & Chinese songs all throughout the night (we had quite the culturally diverse group, hehe) - Relatively inexpensive. I don't know what the standard price is for karaoke rooms in Buffalo, but in my experience, I've easily paid $30-50+ for a night of karaoke (granted, we might have ordered more alcohol; but per person, that is quite hefty). - I love the "Asian" style of karaoke where each group gets to sing and laugh in the comfort of their own room & company; I find singing to be a relatively personal experience so it def takes anxiety away from grabbing the mic. CONs: - the staff there seem to be a little less fluent in English so it can be hard to communicate with them (I've tried to call in a few times but they weren't able to answer my queries) Would I go back? Definitely. But it helps to come if you have a korean friend. Just saying, haha.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,4/25/2014,96,404,3,12,8>In my search for the perfect Mexican restaurant, I've found another very good one.  Not "perfect", but mighty fresh and flavorful.  The service was friendly.  And, yes... for those of you who have read previous reviews.... they now do have their liquor license.Delicious warm (and not too salty) tortilla chips and salsa were brought to the table along with the menus.  The salsa was very fresh and flavorful, tasting like it had been a tomato warming by a sunny window only moments before being served, but it was kind of thin.The menu was very complete and had some interesting choices (camarones, chile rellenos, chori pollo, carnitas....), but not being the most adventurous person in the world I chose "La Bandera".  It's a three enchilada dinner with each topped with a different sauce.... red on the chicken, white on the cheese, and green tomatillo on the beef.... making the dish resemble a Mexican flag.... cute!  The chicken was perfect.... nice shreds of perfect breast meat.  The cheese enchilada was flavorful and delicious.  But, the ground beef lacked flavor and the tomatillo sauce covering it was thin and tasted more of vinegar than anything else. All of the enchilada shells tasted as though they were homemade.  Fantastic!  And they were accompanied with fresh and delicious guacamole salad and a generous portion of Spanish rice. Muy bien!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,4/24/2014,594,380,1,9,8>You don't just go anywhere for Chinese, which is why I did some serious investigating VIA my awesome Yelp friends and was led here.  Ordered take out around 9 pm on a Thursday night, asked for chicken and broccoli but the healthiest version possible, so steamed and sauce on the side.  Then I asked for a small order of vegetable fried rice and she said they only had one size so I went with that.  When I walked in the owners were sitting down with their family eating dinner together it was so adorable.  Immediately someone came over to the counter to help me.  The place looked very clean from what I could see and my food was ready and waiting for me.Got home and there were two decent portions of food.  The steamed chicken and broccoli ratio was the only bad part of my meal.  Hardly any chicken but tons and tons of broccoli.  I am a veggie lover so it didn't bother me too much however it needed more chicken, no doubt.  Everything tasted fresh though and the best part about it was it was healthy.  Not so healthy, the fried rice.  I don't even care because it was so amazingly delicious. I have never had fried rice that tasted like that, they must have some secret ingredient because there was some flavor I can't put my finger on and it was so yummy.  The rice was teeny tiny, the smallest rice particles ever, loved it!  Both dishes came to $13 and had white rice on the side as well.  I would come back here to try a different dish next time.  I really love how they allow you to take any of their dishes and steam them to make them healthy.  They offer gluten free items which is huge nowadays.  Good choice and now I'm stuffed.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,4/23/2014,90,142,1,8,4>A great local business, run by the people who work there.  If you like beer, this is a great place to go - better than Blue Monk, even.  While they might not have everything all the time, they do have a great selection of drafts at any time AND the glassware that goes with it.  I find it a great match and shows great care in the selection of their beers.The food, I've heard, is good.  I've been told it is the best burger in Buffalo (as a vegetarian, I have no idea, but they are huuuuge and come with a large amount of sides).  The pierogies are good, but to me, seem overpriced.  But, they are handmade.  I just stick to french fries.Seriously, though, go here for the beer.  You won't regret it.Protip - Cash only.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/22/2014,30,86,4,8,6>Oh man, my love of donuts goes back for almost 2 decades.  I don't care what Tim Hortons or Dunkin Donuts advertise, nothing can beat a fresh donut from a mom&pop type of donut shop.  If you ask me if I want to go to Paula's, the answer will always be a resounding YES.  They have over a dozen or so different types and flavors/fillings to choose from at a time.  From cake donuts to jelly filled to apple fritters.  I have yet to find a donut that I did not enjoy.  My favorite would their red velvet or regular glazed chocolate donut.  The donut holes are super tasty too, I could probably eat a dozen in less than 5 minutes and want more.If you ever drive by, you should stop in to try their donuts.Their selections tend to be limited starting around 7:30 PM, about a hour - hour and a half before closing.I tried their coffee too, it wasn't anything special to write home about.  It's called Paula's Donuts and not Paula's coffee for a reason.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,4/21/2014,66,56,6,7,4>I walk through the door and quickly findA pleasant aroma inviting me to dineI survey the story for its plotBehold! a glittering wing-sea à la Frank's Red Hot!I tune my ear to the joyous soundsFamilies finger-licking all aroundNibbling and savoring moans resoundPitchers of beer to wash it all down!Piles of bones accompanied by the hushOf sated souls - slow to talk, much less get up!Time to loosen the belt and lean back in the chairTake a deep breath and smile - from ear to ear.***********************************************''For those from out of town - this is probably your best venue, as opposed to Anchor Bar, for getting an authentic Buffalo wing eating experience. While my personal favorite wings are the BBQ-Cajun wings at Gabriel's Gate, which pair deliciously well with their Gabriel's Brown Ale, Duff's makes my favorite Frank's Red Hot wings which seem to be Buffalo's wing sauce of choice. The beauty of it is that each Buffalonian seems to have a particular wing place they love- so take your time and let it be a journey to find your wing sanctuary of choice.That being said, Duff's is an excellent place to start. While other wing places focus on other foods as well, people come to Duff's for one thing - to eat LOTS of wings. There's no one picking at a salad to make you feel guilty. Instead, everyone is shamelessly pigging out together and savoring every moment. This is the best family atmosphere of all the wing places. Everyone is enjoying themselves and getting their faces covered with sauce. You always look forward to going and you always walk out happy.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,4/20/2014,41,35,3,8,7>There's something about Hertel that makes you want to take in every little detail. Quaint family operated businesses line the street. Lombardo is Hertel on its Sunday's best. Valet parking is awaiting your arrival, if  uninterested the attendant will still kindly open the door to a dimly lit dinning room and bar. A friendly bartender will guide you through a proper selection of wines and interesting cocktails. When you are ready to indulge in an original Italian meal you will be led to your white linen covered table by the maître de maison. Being there during restaurant week, we obliged the menu consisting of a butternut squash soup / iceberg wedge and Norwegian salmon / tagliatelle with wild boar. We all liked one another enough to dig into the other's plate. The first courses were very nice. Although a wedge is a rather unassuming dish, it was delicious. I thought the boar ragu was also fantastic, especially on a bed of fresh perfectly cooked pasta. I wasn't as impressed with the salmon, but my girlfriends enjoyed it. We accompanied our meals with a great bottle of (hanging vine) Cabernet Sauvignon and finished with a banana toffee cake recommended by our server. There wasn't a crumb left on that desert plate, enough said. A fancy night out with wonderful friends & food.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/19/2014,13,70,1,11,7>FINALLY got to Sun for the first time a couple weeks ago.  Amazing Burmese & Thai food - this place truly lives up to its stellar reputation regarding food AND service.  Wait staff was patient with us & explained dishes in great detail (even recommending that someone NOT order a certain dish because he felt it would be too spicy for her palate - much appreciated!) What a wonderfully enjoyable & affordable meal!  I tried so many different items (between my own dishes & helping myself to everyone else's) so I'm just going to list them all:Chicken Curry with Paratha: Multi-layered, flaky texture bread served with our slow roasted Burmese chicken curry sauce for dipping.  VERY yummy starter; there were 4 of us so we paid $3 extra for another paratha, which is basically a cross between a pancake & pita.4 different maki rolls made with black rice - ALL were amazing.  The one with lobster on top was my fave - succulent & sweet.Chicken Coconut Noodle Soup (Own No Koksware): Burmese chicken egg noodle soup with coconut milk, turmeric, boiled egg, onion,and crispy flat noodles.  I had a small spoonful of friend's soup & I will order this next time I go for sure.The 1 minor disappointment - mango chicken.  It was fine, but hotter than friends thought it would be when they ordered it; also, it was served on the dry side - I prefer a saucier dish.Pineapple Boat: Black & Wide Fried Rice, pineapple, scallop, shrimp, squid, pea carrot, egg, red pepper, asparagus,and scallion.  This was AWESOME!  Not much spice though - on the sweeter side.We shared a bunch of rice desserts & they were all fabulous.  The Sticky Rice with Thai Custard was very uniqoe & completely unexpected - delicious.I wouldn't say the place is "kid freindly" but I would take my well-behaved & food-adventurous 4 year old there for sure.  I'm sure my husband could find something he likes as well, considering all the spicy options they have.  I cannot WAIT to go back!!!!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/18/2014,12,46,1,13,5>Full disclosure - I own a shop next door to Press and eat here multiple times a week. That said, my family was eating at Press long before she became or neighbor, as we'd visit the CT St. location regularly and we were thrilled to find out that this gem of a shop was coming to our block on Grant St. The juices are amazing, everything is fresh and she turns the inventory quickly, and the treats are fantastic - try the chocolate covered kale or the macaroons (and I just sampled some pear flavored ice cream that was amazing and should be coming out soon). The owner really knows her stuff and I love the fact that she's particular about her produce - if something isn't right, she'll reject it and only make and offer what's fresh and up to her quality standards. You should eat here.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/17/2014,130,75,4,9,4>For those who have read my other reviews about doggy daycare, never fear! We still love them, but we've moved and wanted to find something a little closer.Victoria, who is one of the owners, has known Stout since he was a puppy, so when we found out that she had opened a doggy daycare not far from our new house, it was too perfect!Apart from all of the basics that you would expect (friendly and knowledgeable staff, clean facilities, spaces for big/little dogs, indoor/outdoor areas for varying weather, extreme attention to detail concerning your dog's needs, etc.) there are a couple of things that make A Joyful Dog stand out.First, the puppy cam. On. My. Cellphone. Once I get this set up, I will never be able to get work done again. Ever.Second, training. Victoria asked me what sort of training we are working on with Stout so that she could do some training time during the day. This is so helpful for us because while we're at work/school/etc. Stout doesn't always get all of the training time that he needs and he is a breed that definitely requires some practice time.Third, convenient hours and all night *supervised* sleepovers. A Joyful Dog is open early/late enough that getting to work on time (or hitting the road for Cleveland Monday morning) isn't a problem. And if we ever have to go away and can't find someone to watch Stout for us, a sleepover party at A Joyful Dog is just what the doctor ordered. I would not feel comfortable leaving Stout somewhere that kenneled him all night with no one to watch him. Having someplace like A Joyful Dog that will be there so that he's comfortable, makes me feel comfortable.I have to say the one thing I get jealous about is that mostly it's my other half who gets to bring Stout, but now that I have the puppy cam.....Definitely check out A Joyful Dog - and tell them that Stout sent you!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,4/16/2014,28,28,1,8,5>Century Grill is my favorite place for Happy Hour. It's right in heart of Downtown Buffalo across the street from the Hyatt Regency Hotel and Conference Center. They have great beers on tap and a lot of bottles, that change seasonally. The staff is what keeps me coming back, they are friendly charming to say the least. :) They know how to keep it fun. Monday Trivia nights. Loaded Tater-Tots is my favorite snack on the menu :)Italian Beef sandwich is delicious as well.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/15/2014,5,45,2,5,5>Oh man, I thought I've tried every Mediterranean place there was in Buffalo. So when I found out about this one, naturally, I was like hold up! We gots to go!The place is nicely decorated. It isn't too fancy, but it's got some Mediterranean themes going on. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. I saw someone sit at the bar, enjoying a beer while doing work on his laptop, which I thought was awesome. The atmosphere was chill and laid-back, which I love.We started off with an appetizer of tabouli and falafels. My first time trying tabouli, but very fresh and lemony and the falafel was crispy and tasty. Yummy! The waiter asked us if we wanted additional sauces. I couldn't remember what they were, but they were green (spicy), maroon, and brown? All three were very good, though.The chicken souvlaki was huge. It came out in this cone-shaped pita held up by an apparatus. It was a nice presentation that I've never seen before. Everything was so delicious. The amount of food that was consumed was ungodly, all for about $20. I'm excited to come back and see what else this place has to offer.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,4/14/2014,59,154,4,7,6>Tea Leaf goes in my pretentious list of "Suburban places I wish were in the city/closer to where I live".  Anyway, trekking into the nondescript plaza for bubble tea is worth it.  It's packed away between a bunch of new suburban bars that I have only heard of in name.  Inside is very cozy and inviting (couches!!).My review is just for bubble tea, which I have had here twice.  Both times were awesome.  It's funny how years ago, I hated bubble tea with a burning passion... and now I find myself craving it!  The first time I went, I had the strawberry fruit tea, which is a nice option if you aren't craving the milk-based ones.  It was refreshing and light.  This time however, I got the coffee bubble tea, and was very impressed.  I was going to get sesame, but my boyfriend ordered it and I have a huge thing about two people getting the same thing, so I ordered something else.I find that the tapioca here is very fresh, if that makes sense.  It's got the perfect amount of chew, and all the teas are expertly prepared and delicious!  This is definitely my favorite place to get bubble tea because of that.  You can also get extra tapioca for $.25 I think.  Who knew!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,4/13/2014,113,106,,10,5>Paint on Tap gets five stars in my book and it's not just because they turned me into Picasso for a couple of hours. I should add, I have had zero painting experience prior to Paint on Tap. Having registered about a month ago, my mom and I waited patiently for our big night. I saw some pictures on various social media sites, told my mom about it, and we couldn't wait to experience Paint on Tap for ourselves. We arrived about 15 minutes prior to the session start time to hang up our coats, put on our aprons or rather, smocks, and then grabbed a bottle of wine. We settled into our work spaces complete with an easel, paint, and brushes. Just after 7pm our instructor, Erica, began to show - step by step - everyone in attendance (about 20 or so people) how to paint the "Hidden Lake at Dusk" painting. I have to be honest, I was a little frustrated at times because I thought my painting wasn't perfect. I guess that's what makes art, art though! Erica was reassuring, gave some suggestions, and told me that it will all come together in the end. And she was right! For a mere $37 dollars, you get to create a beautiful painting of your choosing (depending on which session you register for) and the price includes the instruction, paint, and easel. And yes, you do get to take your painting home! As if Paint on Tap could get any better, you can also drink - ALCOHOL! - while you paint!!! Glasses of wine run about $4 or you can opt for a bottle for $15. They also have beer and pop available. One of the co-owners was our "bartender" for the evening. The studio was clean, the price was right, and the experience was beyond fun. I'm glad I stumbled upon Paint on Tap Studios and I look forward to my next session in April... Yes, I already registered to go back!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/12/2014,63,92,3,16,10>Fantastic spot if you want excellent food, and good coffee while in downtown Buffalo. Their lunch menu always has something unique and flavorful.  I grabbed lunch after a meeting here and got their special of the day - turkey breast with bacon and swiss with cucumbers, spinach, a whole bunch of other things I can't even remember, all on a ciabatta.  The sandwich was huge, but the flavors were like an explosion of creative goodness.The side pasta salad in a balsamic was fantastic as well!Give them a try the next time you're within 17 miles of the corner of Broadway and Ellicott.!Updated review - have to give them an extra star. The staff goes above and beyond every time I'm there, in either location!  Such a rare find in business these days!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,4/11/2014,54,84,2,5,4>I came here last night before the Sabres vs. Bruins game with a friend. My first impression of the place was "W-O-A-H! Neat!" I see a bright future ahead for restaurants in this newly-discovered Cobblestone district. The place was packed, and was yet to get busier! Since it was just the two of us, we only had a 15 minute wait. We gave our name to the hostess and she took our number down to *text* us when our table was ready. How cool is that?! Why don't more restaurants do that? We made our way to the bar, which was a mix of businessmen coming from work and Sabres fans on their way to the game. On a non-Sabres game night, I would venture a guess and say this place is a notch up from casual dress. It's definitely a great looking date place. Service at the bar was efficient. Space was limited but comfortable. Our table was ready on time; a two-topper off to the side. We were concerned we'd be forgotten about amongst the hustle and bustle of all the other tables but that fear was quickly alleviated, as our waitress came within minutes to hand us menus and take drink orders. She was overwhelmed and had taken on a double shift that day due to the crowd of fans. She apologized ahead of time for taking a long time and explained to us the process of ordering food and that they had "food runners" to help waitresses bring food orders out. We were relaxed and told her to not worry! She did a fantastic job and never forgot about us.The menu was not very extensive, though I did have a hard time deciding on a sandwich, as they all looked good. We ended up picking 3 appetizers to share. Grilled shrimp was one. The presentation was beautiful and appetizing, though plain. No cocktail sauce, just buttered and grilled. Second appetizer was wings -these were delicious! Tasted like a sweet & sour sauce, not too spicy. Reminded me of a General Tao's Chinese takeout flavor. Really yummy. Third and final appetizer was the truffle fries. They were not loaded, which was nice. The food is heavy enough as it is, I was afraid these would come out as drenched in a cheese or something. Luckily just a sprinkling of cheese on top and a sauce on the side. I am looking forward to coming back here in the future!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,4/10/2014,67,52,3,5,4>Lindsay wanted Mexican food for her birthday, as usual, so we decided to make a trip down town to Cantina Loco. After trying unsuccessfully for days to get a hold of someone at that restaurant to make a reservation, we decided we'd just go and see if we could get a table. I thought, how busy could it be on a freezing cold Wednesday night at 6pm. We were wrong. That restaurant is always packed! We were told our wait would be over an hour. I am happy they are doing great business, but they're lac of accessability to make a  reservation, and being too hungry to wait an hour, sent us out the door. Well, I'm so glad they did!Still intent on getting Mexican food, we heard great things about Don Tequila, and fiured since we were right down the street, we'd go there. We called ahead and they told us they had plenty of tables open, no problem.The restaurant décor is typical Mexican theme, but it was warm and inviting. They have huge booths and other tables as well. We were seated right away and asked if we wanted drinks. I got a virgin pina colada and mom and Linds each got a drink too. They have a huge menu and I really had to narrow it down to about 5 things! Eventually I went with the quesadilla with chicken. Rice and beans on the side. When the food came out, the portions were huge and everything looked great. And then I took my first bite......and it tasted even better than it looked!! Best Mexican I've had around here. The ingredients were so fresh and prepared perfectly. I'm actually getting really hungry thinking of this food right now, so I'm gonna end this here and say go to Don Tequila soon!!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,4/9/2014,78,507,1,6,4>I am absolutely in love. Betty's does everything right! My first visit here was for dinner and I wanted everything on the menu! It was difficult to narrow down but I settled on the cream of asparagus soup and the smoked trout salad. Both were fantastic, as was the fresh bread with herb butter and the glass of Shiraz from the bar. I truly can't wait to go back and try EVERYTHING they come up with! Fantastic, fresh, delicious!And as for the decor... wow! It was beautiful and innovative everywhere I looked.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/8/2014,30,58,,5,4>I enjoy going to the Subversive Theatre for many reasons.The first one being their location. They are on the third floor of the Great Arrow building. This old building used to be a warehouse and has probably the most awesomest elevator in town! It's a huge cargo elevator with an attendant. For me the elevator ride is one of those simple and memorable moments that puts a smile on my face, always a highlight when visiting Subversive and ALT Theatre (also located on the third floor of Great Arrow).The second reason I like visiting this theatre is because of it's intimate space. I haven't actually stop to count the number of seats they have at each performance, specially since their setup changed depending on the show, but to me they fell like 40 or so seats. I should make a note that I am really, really bad at estimating numbers... some may say horrible at it. The point it that the theatre fells really intimate like, the show was put on for me or like there is only a selected, privilege number of people that get to see the production.Third reason why I enjoy this theatre is for their productions. They always have a strong message and make you think, sometimes cry and sometimes feel uncomfortable. I am not saying that I always agree with their message but I always feel like I took something with me that I didn't had before, either because I wasn't aware of the message/situation the production presented or because I had not though of their perspective. In other words, I like that their productions provoke conversations.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/7/2014,23,207,2,5,3>Went here last night to see a California band perform, Beware of Darkness.  This place is located in the Cobblestone district. They have a lot next door for no charge parking. It was full, so thankfully I parked on the street for free. We walked into a very cool venue. Lots of old wooden beams, metal pipes, and brickwork. Because I was only there for a concert I can't speak to the food, but the bar service was great, with at least 3 bartenders working. Beer is not cheap, anywhere from $4 to $6. The sound was really good for the show. The stage is elevated nicely from the floor so everyone can easily see the performers. I like this place, and would come back in a heartbeat.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,4/6/2014,77,131,1,5,3>Sometimes, I come up with crazy ideas and then try to figure out ways to make stuff happen.  Like waiting until 4pm on a holiday weekend Friday to decide that I needed 2 dozen fabulous chocolate chip cookies by 8:30am Tuesday morning.Not sure where to order from (Wegmans?), I asked an event planner where to find the ULTIMATE chocolate chip cookies in Buffalo.  She highly recommended Anne (Le Petit Chocolatier).  I spoke with Anne, confirmed the aspects that we both thought fabulous chocolate chip cookies had (crispy edges, gooey center), and she agreed to deliver them personally to me by 8:30am - with a promise to try to get them there still "warm from the oven".  I had been hoping for same-day fresh, but warm from the oven would be amazing!!Tuesday morning came and Anne arrived early, cookies in hand.  The weather interfered with any chance of oven-warm, but I was thrilled to have fresh cookies delivered!The cookies were a hit, everyone loved them and thought it was a great surprise.  A couple of seconds in the microwave solved the cold cookie problem for those who prefer their cookies melty.The good news is that she makes very good chocolate and very good cookies.  Are they the best ever?  They are pretty close to perfect but they're missing something. Not sure what.  The ones she made me today had sea salt in them, which I enjoyed.The cookies were 3 inches wide and cost $2 each.  Other than a super special occasion, I can't justify spending that much on such a small cookie.  Don't get me wrong, I think the huge chocolate chip cookies don't taste as good as the smaller ones (something happens to the texture when they get that big).  I like that these were 3 inch cookies, I just didn't like that they were $2 a piece.  Wegmans sells their Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookies for $10 a dozen, about the same size.I like supporting a local cookie enthusiast who is also a budding entrepreneur.  Her product is absolutely quality and her service is impeccable.  I think her pricing needs to be adjusted, but that's part of the learning curve.  While I don't expect her to sell them for Wegman's $10/dozen, I would have been more than happy to pay $20/dozen.  If I had asked, or voiced my discomfort at the price, or perhaps planned better, Anne may have worked with me on the cost.  Next time, I will negotiate.There will absolutely be a next time.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,4/5/2014,72,331,2,9,6>So the Yelp Elite event at Labatt USA was just finishing up when a few decided to meet down a the Lodge to keep the party going. For sure glad I decided to join them and check out the place as I was quite impressed.First the Lodge has a weird cross motif of a cabin in the woods spliced with a high end modern feel. As someone who used to sell modern furniture I can say they pull off this unique mix of styles very well. The atmosphere ends up being cool and chic, while maintaining a comfortable relaxing feeling.Dave from Labatt USA was gracious enough to order some BBQ and Medium wings for the table and I had one of each. Both were very tasty, the medium being heavily buttered and the BBQ sauce had a nice tangy zing. They were cooked proper with crispy outside and juicy inside too. Credit to having some great craft beers on tap like Victory DirtWolf to wash them down.So the downstairs is laid out with a dining area and long bar. Checked out the upstairs as well and saw they have a Skee Ball game, pool table, darts, bubble hockey, air hockey...basically all the good bar games. Then going further back their is this White bar that has an ultra lounge feel to it which looks like it opens to a little patio in the summer.So in all this place has a nice downstairs restaurant, a cool pub/ bar area to play games and a modern lounge area in the back. Reminds me nothing of what a bar on Chippewa used to be when I hung out there years ago, and to me that is a good thing. A few more places like this and Chippewa could easily turn into more than just a college kid club scene.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/4/2014,49,40,2,5,5>I have been nothing but impressed with Ashker's. I love how cheap the food is, while tasting so fresh and flavorful! Their juices are so good (my fave is the ruby bliss) and the breakfasts so filling yet reasonable in cost! My favorite is the breakfast scramble - containing yummy veggies and with a super good multigrain toast! Their lunch salads are huge and very filling and their paninis are good too! You basically can't go wrong! Staff are awesome and happy, and you can experience some live music as well! Always love coming here for brunch :-)
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/3/2014,33,157,3,7,5>I've come here a few times and both times were great!The first time I came with Brad and a friend of his. The great thing about getting food with 2 chefs is you know you're going to try the weirdest foods. Thus, we got salt and pepper frog legs, braised pork, and the Shanghai Dumplings.The dumplings were to-die-for! I would definitely get them again. As well as the frog legs. Perfectly breaded and well seasoned. I now am going to order frog legs whenever I see them!I also brought my friend here. She is a little less adventurous. We both ordered the crab ragoon and sesame seed chicken. Another excellent dish! It was easily 3 meals for me!I will definitely come here again!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,4/2/2014,59,84,3,10,6>Allentown has been wondering for months, will Melting Point ever open? It finally opened today and based on my experience if was worth the wait.The menu (seems temporary) is set up with different combinations of cheeses, spreads, other ingredients already predetermined for your grilled cheese sandwich. I ordered the "No 28" which was Brie, Gouda, Cheddar, Carmelized onions and Granny Smith apple slices. This was a large sandwich which basically tasted like dessert. I couldn't eat more than half of it and I'm really looking forward to the other half later. It was only $7.49 which seemed more than fair for the amount of cheese that was inside. They also sell classic grilled cheese here for $1.99 each/6 for $9.99 if you're too lazy or messed up to cook that yourself. I was happy with my visit here and I can't wait to go back and try something else.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/1/2014,136,280,9,10,5>So what if they don't have stadium seating like Regal? Or reclining seats like AMC? This place is so inexpensive, I am more than happy to overlook its rundown appearance.$2 movies Wed and Friday$4 the rest of the week$7 for a ticket, small popcorn and drink (and the popcorn is pretty good!)I will also say that despite the low cost, this theater seemed worlds cleaner than many Regal Theaters.  One note of annoyance (which is not the theater's fault): there may be some audience members who are somehow completely oblivious to proper theater manners.  One woman's phone was ringing for about 2 minutes.  She finally got to it - and ANSWERED IT!!! A man behind us kept burping quite loudly - the last time, someone else in the theater (I think it was the woman who answered her phone!) loudly said: "EW!!" A few rows ahead of us people kept carrying on conversations until someone else finally told them to be quiet.And these were adults! Not obnoxious teenagers! Where the heck did these people come from?!?!?
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/31/2014,63,67,2,7,6>Griffon Pub, plopped in the middle of Military Rd in Niagara Falls, stands in stark contrast to its surroundings. Even though the restaurant would still hold its own in Buffalo, its status as a "diamond in the rough" has probably resulted in more attention being called to this establishment than if it were opened in the city. This does not, however, take away from its quality, impressive beer list, and creatively-delicious food offerings. The beer list is FANTASTIC, especially when it's laid down next to a beautiful food menu.Seeing crazy low prices next to some of my favorite local craft breweries made me nearly giddy with excitement on my first visit. Most brews are also offered in three sizes, so it's feasible to try a few different things without becoming (too) tipsy. Beer aficionados definitely need to check this place out.The menu is well-balanced with enough options to satisfy most cravings without being overwhelming. The first time I went I had the chicken and waffle sandwich and split a round of poutine fries (mmmm poutine) with a friend. Sadly, the fries were terribly over-seasoned and borderline inedible. The cheese curds were too small and failed to add any flavor to the gooey pile. I walked away without much desire to go back for the food, and vowed that my next visit would be alcohol-exclusive.A hungry friend and a rumbling stomach caused my  vow to be made null a couple months later. Happily, though, I was much more pleased with my meal this time around and my poor poutine experience was completed forgotten. I had the creatively constructed Croque Monsieur sandwich, whose contrasting sweet and savory flavor profiles worked really well together. The garlic-parmesan fries on the side were a great complement to the sweet pears on the sandwich, while still offering their own unique kick of flavor to the meal.The ambiance is cozily passable, even if it is diluted by uncomfortable, springy booths. Service was great both times, but coincidentally the server was also the same, so I'm not sure how other servers compare. I love seeing places like this pop up in areas they wouldn't normally be expected. I would recommend Griffon Pub based on its quality alone, but I would HIGHLY encourage everyone in the nearby vicinity to check out this restaurant in order to help support culinary progress in Niagara Falls.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/30/2014,126,349,1,8,5>This is one of those reviews that needs to start with a disclaimer that this is not a "4 star restaurant" but does deserve 4 stars for how well it does what it does. So, Alton's is your typical owned-by-a-Greek-family-diner, where you can get breakfast AND souvlaki at all hours of the day. I've had countless omelettes and crowded salad plates from Alton's over the years and I've had no complaints. On my most recent visit, I inquired if an item I was thinking about was gluten free, and the waitress immediately handed me a full gluten-free menu! This was awesome because it made ordering much less stressful. I was happy to see that most of their potato-based sides were GF. The other nice thing was that they carry GF bread, so you can get french toast, sandwiches, etc if gluten is your only worry - and they put all the "safe" sandwiches on that menu so you don't have to stress about the insides. The price is just right for a quick dinner or a hearty breakfast, and even if there's a wait, tables move fast. But don't expect white tablecloth service - these ladies are trained to get your food to your table and keep your coffee hot until it's time to let the next table sit down!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/29/2014,76,55,1,6,6>The Co-op is a great grocery store located In the heart of the city which is nice since there are little to few options in the city (unless you drive to the amherst street wegmans:) or venture to save a lot, tops or price rite. With this said, the Co-op is not the cheapest for eating mainly because it offers mostly organic options which can be pricier. It is perfect for people who have dietary restrictions. If you are vegan, vegetarian, gluten free or love eating organic food; the coop is the place for you. Since I work on elmwood I tend to frequent  2-3 times a week. Their salad bar is delicious and offers a wider selection of fresh vegetables than other salad bars I have tried at elmwood restaurants. The hot bar is hit or miss... usually being a hit.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/28/2014,74,40,3,6,5>I don't want to go overboard and rave over a new restaurant located in Downtown Buffalo just because it is in Downtown Buffalo. This restaurant will need to stand the test of time.  My first visit was on a Friday night and the entire bar and restaurant were nearly empty. I imagine that when events are going on it will be much more packed.If you have never been this is space the first floor upon walking in opens up to a large bar area and ample standing room as well as a small dining area that looks into the kitchen. Moving to the second floor you are presented with a larger dining room that although spacious remains intimate. I started my meal with the baked vidalia onion soup.  Quickly arriving at the table the crock was a great presentation and extremely hot! Upon my first spoonful I nearly burned my mouth. With some cooling however I was a tad disappointed. I enjoy my onion soups with well browned onions and a good flavorful broth, this soup was lacking a goof broth. I believe the bread as custom in the soup was their in-house made bread with is far to grainy and not the correct consistency. The bread pretty much turned to much. My main course was the wild boar tenderloin,  starting with a small house salad that is truly the perfect size you are also able to choose your choice of dressing. My choice of the poppy seed was fantastic.  I took my tenderloin as recommend by the waitress,  medium rare and although advised it will have a gamey taste I never found that to be over powering. The braised apples and onions could have been a bit stronger in taste but complimented the wild boar nicely. The garlic mashed potatoes are whipped but not over powering with the garlic. The Brussel sprouts although not overly cooked I feel could have been cooked a tad longer so they were not so crisp and difficult to get my fork into.Overall this was a great experience and I look forward to go back to try the duck pot pie during lunch.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,3/26/2014,90,142,17,11,9>I believe this mathematical review may help one understand what rare offerings K Cafe has brought us.In Western New York there are a few givens:SF=(F+C)*(B or Bk or K)²AND/ORSF=T * ISF=Stoner FoodsF=High Saturated FatsC=Lots of CarbsB=ButterBk=BaconK=CheeseT=Taco ShellI=Infinity (Yelp won't let me use the infinity symbol?!)KF=(BBQ+Km)*(Re+Km)  Use FOIL and solveKF=Korean FoodBBQ=Korean BBQ meats like Kalbi or BulgokiRe=Runny Egg Km=Kimchi or other fun pickled bitHowever what happens when worlds collide?  One chef in town has decided to boldly mash universes and see what happens when one tries to solve for x where:X=SF * KFWhile the equation seems simple it is like combining classical physics with quantum physics for a unified field theory.  It is true that the equation was earlier solved by Kogi Food Truck in LA, which coincidentally was the inspiration for K Cafe, K Cafe has taken this string theory to the next level by mashing Korean food with burgers, french fries, grilled cheese, tacos and wings and let me tell you it is delicious.I took my best friend (a local chef) and my nine year old step son (the Lil Prince) to K Cafe last evening and we STUFFED ourselves.  We ordered the Kogi Fries to split.  They took normal loaded fries and added their house made burger meat, bacon, Kogi beef, and kimchi.  Cheffy ordered the Korean Tacos with three types of Korean meat in taco shells.  Senior Chef said they were delicious but were really overstuffed making them a bit difficult to eat.  I ordered the Riceritto which was a burrito stuffed with Korean Spicy Pork, a runny egg, crunchy fried bits of something, Korean fermented hot sauce, and lots of Asian style rice.  Mine was excellent, yet if I could make a suggestion, more sauce on the Spicy Pork would have done wonders.  The meat was a bit dry, unlike most Kalbi or Bulgoki which is usually slathered in fermented, hot saucy goodness.  Finally, the Lil Prince ordered the Gangnam Style burger which was literally as big as his head (see attached picture).  The Chef came out from the kitchen and told us her burgers are half beef and half bacon.  To add to the cardiac stress she adds a runny egg, tons of guacamole, and some Korean fermented hot sauce.  The burger was the winner of the evening and the Lil Prince was thrilled.  The portions are huge, the food is wonderful and the location near South Campus is perfect.  The cannabis addled student body should swarm to this place once they realize they have such a hidden, sticky icky gem within walking distance.Smoke em if you got em, and enjoy.Keep Buffalo Fat!!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,3/25/2014,74,38,2,8,8>The Ale House Cheddar Burger is the bomb. And if you need to cool off go upstairs out to the patio for a great view. Plus, the better beer selection is upstairs when the bar is open. This is a genuine honkytonk music club. Every and any night of the week you can hear fantastic music. They do have  a neighborhood sound curfew, so music generally stops around 11PM. I try to get to the Sportsmen's at least twice a week, it is relaxing and a great atmosphere to unwind. Cheers!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,3/24/2014,82,198,3,8,6>Loved it!!! Great artsy meets industrial meets pub feel to the space and decor. Service was prompt, friendly and obviously knew her stuff. Menu options were plentiful. Loved the tomato and herb dipping oil that came with our house bread. My starter - a bowl of gumbo - had the richest broth I've ever tasted in this dish, anywhere, along with ample shrimp, chorizo, okra, rice, etc. Good to the last drop, which was scooped up with my bread. My date was equally impressed with his black bean and chicken soup and rice'n'beans with chorizo (which he got as his entree).My entree was a carrot parpadelle - wide, linguini-ish noodles, shreds of sweet carrot, chunks of lobster and crab in a shellfish cream sauce. HEAVENLY. Maybe my new favorite pasta'n'seafood dish. I also enjoyed one of the best desserts I've ever sampled - a chocolate caramel macadamia tart with a side of house-made whipped cream.Portions were very ample for a fine dining restaurant and the prices were not obscene. I felt comfortable in casual (not slummy) dress, but I did see someone in sweat pants walking out so...DEFINITELY make a reservation. We still had to wait a tiny bit even with one, and whilst there watch the hostess tell couple after couple that they would have to wait at least an hour to have a table.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/23/2014,62,99,1,7,4>I don't know what this place looks like on the outside (we ordered in) but MAN am I impressed with how it tasted on the inside!   I do realize this is not authentic Chinese food, but for a generically named take-out place on Elmwood we were definitely satisfied with our choice! I'm not sure if I've just fallen out of the loop with Chinese places recently (we've been on a tight budget and haven't been eating out much) but Everything we ordered was on point!The roast pork lo mein was probably the best I've had in an extremely long time...I actually can't remember the last time I ordered lo mein better than this.  Sliced roast pork, a few veggies, perfect noodle consistency, and delicious sauce.  The pan fried dumplings were tasty (although I've grown extremely fond of the organic chicken ones from Wegman's)  but these were thick and dumpling-like.  The Crab Rangoons were OUT OF THIS WORLD.  My hubby particularly likes Crab Rangoons (so much so that I had two, sampled the other food selections, and went back for another rangoon and there were only two left in the bag!  The Sesame Chicken, like the lo mein, was probably the best I've had in a long time as well.  Smaller pieces, slightly crispy.  (That's my preference for sesame chicken, at least.)  No complaints on the eggrolls, either!AND...as if the food wasn't enough to make me smile...my fortune in my fortune cookie was the BEST, and MOST RELEVANT fortune I have EVER received (aside from "Believe in Miracles" on Christmas Eve from a small place out on Transit)  The fortune read:  "Buy things because you need them.  Not because they are on sale."  hahahahahahahahah ohhh man.  If you know me, you know this hit close to home.  lolOh, and we noted how hot and fresh the food was when it arrived at our door.  :)We just moved back downtown and the Chinese Kitchen is close by.  I imagine we will be ordering from them again :)
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,3/22/2014,56,100,2,4,4>Besides the fact that the Ale house is close to work, the food and atmosphere is outstanding! I love going to places where I can sit and watch sports, equipped with high tables and bar stools so I can be comfortable, and doesn't reek of beer or alcohol because they keep the place clean! The wraps are excellent, and some of the sandwiches are HUGE- so be prepared to NOT leave hungry! :0) the wings are excellent too- and yes I know just about every place in Buffalo serves chicken wings but these are some of the best that I have eaten. Best of all they deliver, and I have ordered pizza several times and have never been disappointed. Keep on doing what you are doing please because your food, service and atmosphere is excellent!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,3/21/2014,36,63,,6,3>I love The village Grill! This is my go-to for chicken souvlaki. The mini is a perfect portion size (regular and super available too). I like to order a side of their delicious tzatziki (cucumber yogurt sauce) to dip my pita in. I have, in the past, ordered and loved their chicken finger sub as well. I just can't seem to stray from the souvlaki sine I had it to go back or try anything else new! Service is always quick and pleasant, and food is consistent. The place is small and very casual. I've only dined in once or twice and usually get take-out. I've  also heard great reviews about their catering from med reps that have used them for lunches. Prices are fair. Altogether, I think this place is fantastic and deserves every star.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,3/20/2014,53,252,,12,4>Can't say enough how totally impressed I am with this place. The building itself is a great example of architectural preservation done right. The 100+ year old structure was in rough shape for many, many years as a dive bar, but now (as the name implies) has a fantastic new life that kept all the character of the original while adding much needed functionality. Kudos to the owners!A testament to the quality of the food, on an ever-evolving menu, is that you'll be hard pressed to get a seat without a reservation on Friday or Saturday. Even on weeknights, it can be on the busy side. After being seated by the friendly hostess, we started with the Banana Pepper Dip ($8), which was decadent and just the right amount of spicy. I had the eggplant parmesan sandwich ($12), while my dining companion opted for the shrimp and grits ($18). Both were delicious almost too big to finish. We finished with a nectarine tart with vanilla ice cream--fantastic and home-made (as are all their desserts ($6).For VEGETARIANS, there are the aformentioned banana pepper dip and eggplant parmesan sandwich. In addition, they are serving a nice spaghetti squash entree (can't wait to try this!) and a number of great-looking salads. I would highly recommend the polenta fries with lemon-mayo dipping sauce, as well! Panko-crusted green beans were also listed today--and if I'd been able to eat another bite, I might have ordered them.The environment here is classy but casual and there's plenty of seating at the bar if you just want to have a cocktail and chat with folks from the neighborhood. Next door (and around behind the venue) you'll find plenty of off-street parking. A lovely patio beyond the dining room offers a quite refuge away from the street noise and a breath of fresh air.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/19/2014,56,82,,5,3>I wanted to eat here a few times before writing a review, because I kept convincing myself that it couldn't possibly be so good consistently. I'm finally giving in and writing, because each time I've visited has been better than the last. For some reason I'm usually early to dinner, and like to enjoy a cocktail at the bar while I wait. Siena has great, very friendly bartenders and the cocktails are well made. Last visit I had a Bellini that was perfect. The pizzas are great. So far I've tried the Bisteca and the Vella, and both have been cooked perfectly with a great combination of ingredients and flavors. Honestly, I think I could be just as happy having a couple drinks at the bar and sharing a pizza as I am having a full dinner. They make a great appetizer to share around the table before a meal as well. I'm afraid I can't speak to much of the menu because every time I've come I've had the Wood Oven Roasted Lamb Chops--they are just so good. Served with fried artichokes and garlicky spinach, they've always been cooked perfectly. The goat cheese sauce they're served over isn't overpowering, but just provides a really lovely complement to the meat. I almost always have some to take home because the portion is pretty big, but no complaints there. For dessert, the creme brulee is a win. Served with fresh strawberries it has a nice creamy texture. I went with my mom for her birthday and we shared this in lieu of cake, it was a good choice. The only caveat is that the parking lot is quite small. Overflow parking is next door in Synder Commons, but that can be a bit unpleasant when it's snowing. Overall a really great spot for a dinner out, I'll definitely be back again. And again.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,3/18/2014,14,185,,6,3>These guys are so nice. There are different types of magazines in the waiting area, something for everyone. I came in for a winter car check up. The man at the desk was helpful in explaining the different types of safety checks for my car. I came here before 10a on a Thursday and they were able to take me right away. Prices seem fair, depending on what damage you've done to your vehicle. I'm sorry car for subjecting you to buffalo. You will never be the same again.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/17/2014,22,48,4,15,10>Shango is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the Buffalo area. Everything from the service to the atmosphere is a great introduction to all the wonderful food you're about to eat. It's a perfect place for a date, or a nice dinner with family, friends, co-workers, etc. Nice bar selection too. Reasonable prices - you get what you pay for!New Orleans Creole cuisine, as you can imagine, is delicious in itself, but Shango really does it right. (Actually, I've never been to New Orleans so I can only assume). They have unique menu items like Fried Alligator, and classics like fried chicken. Only, their fried chicken is free range and buttermilk fried. I'll probably get that next time. It comes with the Andouille Sausage Gravy.. which is what I got with my meatloaf instead of brown gravy. So worth the calories!My first time I was there, I got a steak - cooked perfectly! And the famous Bananas Foster for dessert, which really lived up to everything I was expecting and more.This time, I opted for something a little out of the ordinary for me and got the Creole Meatloaf. It was sooo good! Even my meatloaf-disliking boyfriend enjoyed it! Ordering meatloaf can be kind of iffy, I think, because more than likely it's made ahead of time and then re-heated. I don't know if that's exactly how it goes, but even so, it was still really delicious, flavorful, and had just the right amount of kick.My boyfriend got salmon with a shrimp jambalaya made with quinoa. Both were great for seafood lovers!For dessert we got the Apple Bread Pudding with Maple Bacon Ice Cream. Please, if you ever go to Shango and see this dessert on the menu, GET IT!! It was incredible!!! There's little bits of bacon in the ice cream... I don't need to say anything else.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/16/2014,19,28,,5,4>We had such an enjoyable experience here this past Friday evening- we will definitely be back! The owner was so kind and welcoming to us (and every customer) from the moment we walked in- she continuously called me by my name and made us feel like regulars, even though it was our first time there! The food was delicious- I had the ravioli and my husband the lasagna and both were magnificent. The sauce was perfect and the pasta tender. But oh, the meatballs were the best I've ever had- I have no idea what made them so delicious but  it was worth the trip (and likely many repeat trips) alone! We split the tiramisu for dessert- it was very yummy.Our waitress was sweet and attentive, just another aspect to a perfect evening at Vino's! This place is great for a date night or with a group of friends and we will be back for sure!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,3/15/2014,267,183,3,6,2>I have been to Calas kitchen a few times and each time I came here I liked it a lot. Calas is one of those places that you grew up with. The decoration is sparse but what matters here is the food. Each time I was here, I've been here for the breakfast service and one time for dinner service.From the front of the place looks like they have limited parking but when you go around the back, there is tons of parking.The breakfast really feels home cook and comfort food. Everything was really flavorful and anything I needed was greeted with a smile and no problem. The pricing is also great. You won't go broke eating here for sure.Over all I love this place and will be back for sure.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,3/14/2014,39,92,3,8,3>We love coming to Epic. The waiters REALLY know what they are talking about (not just some kid who knows nothing and ask to ask the chef or the bartender every time you have a question), and they are extremely attentive (just the right amount!) and courteous. The atmosphere/ambience is nice, although I would much prefer a Saturday evening dinner than a Friday. They run happy hour specials on Friday nights (and other weekday nights as well) so there are a lot of college or post-college students in the bar area and they are typically rowdy and loud.We have been to Epic 3-4 times and have always liked everything we ordered (some dishes more than others). We usually do the whole appetizers+main dishes+desserts+bottles of wine ordeal, so we have sampled quite a bit of the menu over the past 2 years. Everything is always excellent and we are always stuffed.The ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars is because in my opinion, it is slightly overpriced. If I remember correctly, main dishes are anywhere between $25-45 with most of them sitting in the mid-30s range, and they are usually pork or chicken or some kind of fish and beef (but never filet mignon). Maybe it's just me but I just don't think a chicken or pork or fish dish justifies a $30-35 price tag, with steaks in the mid-high 30s. I personally would rather go to the Chop House or Russell's or any other top steak houses and pay a little extra to get a filet. Appetizers were all in the $8-15 range, which in my opinion, also a little overpriced for what they are and the portion sizes. But of course, this is just my opinion. We still love it and will go back, but maybe just once a year on special occasions.PS. i think Friday nights at 10pm they have free salsa lessons? not sure if that's still going on. It sounds like a lot of fun but unfortunately we just have never dined there that late to witness it.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/13/2014,96,50,1,9,5>This is likely the first Marra Forni oven in WNY. Although it is gas-assisted, it is certified as a proper oven for baking authentic Neapolitan pizza. The ambiance in the place is a bit dive-y, but ok. It is your typical WNY neighborhood watering hole that happens to care about authentic pizzas. The burgers are good, as are the meatballs. The pizzas, however, are quite possibly among the best in WNY. Although uneven in quality across two separate visits, (first visit = great, second visit = just ok), there is a lot of potential here. Service was also a bit slow on the second visit, and that's a shame. This place has the potential to upscale things a bit and maybe get a decent wine list or something, but as long as the pizzas get more consistent, I'll be back.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/12/2014,58,72,5,10,5>So I used to goto salon da voe down the street. Mainly because of James. He's moved to this place so I jumped at the chance to give it a shot. One thing I like about this place is the availability to book an appointment online or even with a smartphone app. It lets you see all possible times and pick which one works for you. Walking in, I was greeted with a true sense of buffalo hospitality. They took my coat and washed my hair and sat me down. James was his usual self. The guy knows what he's doing and it shows when he does it. Good conversation and meticulous attention to detail. That alone is worthy of a good rating. I also met some of the rest of the staff. They've been in business about a year and it started as a husband and wife operation. But not like the type to get out of the house, it's clear these guys are as passionate about hair as Steve is about food at bistro Europa. I like that it's smaller in here also. A bit more intimate, in the way that you don't feel like a number when you walk in the door. By the time I walked out I'm quite sure I knew almost everyone's name and they knew mine. While I've had good cuts at other places in town and across the nation. This place will be the only one I call (or smartphone) when I need to get trimmed up and feel good about myself.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,3/11/2014,32,67,2,10,5>I joined Crunch a few months after their grand opening last summer. They had a deal where the membership fee was waived and I thought it was a good time to try it out. (By the way, I've noticed that they have the waived fee event every few months, so if you plan to join, you might want to wait for that.)I absolutely love this place. It has a great open floor layout with an awesome variety of cardio equipment (including the old school Stairmaster, which I love and my old gym took away), weight machines and free weights. They also offer classes and although I've never taken one, I notice that they are always packed and everyone seems to be working hard. The facilities are well-maintained. Bathrooms and cleaning stations throughout the gym are always stocked. The locker rooms have plenty of lockers (bring your own lock) to use as well as the usual toilets, sinks, scale, and showers. To top it off, the staff is always friendly and helpful and the price is right! They offer various individual and family rates, with the lowest being $9.99/month. Can't beat that!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,3/10/2014,165,165,,9,3>Why did I wait so long!? I absolutely loved my breakfast here today. The place itself is warm and inviting with a nice open kitchen. The wait staff, all attentive and very friendly. Our server, Kelly S. was especially nice and took time to explain anything and was all smiles the whole time. I love the fact that they give you a pot of coffee so you are never waiting for a refill. My crepe was amazing, beef tips with sauteed mushrooms and caramelized onion with goat cheese was to die for, the onions tasted like candy and all the flavors blended perfectly. Along with that came a small arugula and greens salad with a maple syrup and balsamic vinegar dressing which I am going to try to make at home. I love, love, love this place and cant wait to go back!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,3/9/2014,32,110,3,8,3>There is nothing about Dog Days of Buffalo that has been less than exemplary. Winnie, our puppy, comes home happy and tired after a day of doggie day care. She likes being there, you can tell, and looks forward to going in a couple days a week.They are well-staffed and the staff are always very cheerful-- entirely service oriented. They understand that everyone wants to drop their dog off and run back to their car. They announce "Winnie is on deck" and the process is expeditious and you're on your way. You can see the dogs on a television screen upon entering, playing and doing their thing in the play area. You know the saying, a good dog is a tired dog. They so get that.We were considering a dog daycare in Amherst at a recommended establishment, but what a turn off that they charge a non refundable $25 fee just to meet! They considered it part of their screening process. Well, aren't we screening THEM just the same? And gads! what if we did not make the cut???What's not to love about Dog Days of Buffalo? Winnie gives it two paws up.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/8/2014,5000,1204,,5,3>What a cool place -- an idea pulled from the shelves of Frank Lloyd Wright's estate and reimagined and constructed 100 years later in Buffalo.  We attended a reception here and it was very nice.  Smallish room, good for no more than 60 people inside, but the porch outside looking out at the river is fantastic if the weather's right.The caterer was great and imaginative -- FREDI.  No kitchen on site but he brought in some portable ovens and kept the food coming at a great pace... AND they had Flying Bison Aviator Red in growlers so we were bazinktazoids about that.It's a working boat house with actual crew boats hanging up downstairs so that was cool.  The grounds are nice too.  It's named for a nice guy named Frank Fontana who is on the board and apparently spends a lot of time there working on the grounds.  We had a great little tour where they told us the history.  Very cool.This is a great place to go for a reception.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,3/7/2014,122,85,5,10,3>Walking into this place...made me ask myself "Where am I? How did I not know of this place before?" If it wasn't for the surgical rep that took a group of us out to dinner here I wouldn't have known about its existance. The entrance is highlighted with celebrity photos taken with the Chef's owners/staff. The appetizers were fairly standard and non-extraordinary (mozzarella sticks, stuffed peppers). Chef's is known for the spaghetti parm - essentially a plate of pasta COVERED in parmesan and mozzarella. I had the veal sciortino - combined veal and eggplant parm with Chef's signature sauce. The napkins double as an embroidered bib which can be tied around the neck = AWESOMENESSOverall, we all had a great time. Food was hearty italian fare. Good for groups and out of town visitors.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,3/6/2014,57,144,,8,4>I made brunch reservations this morning online for 11:30am but called when I thought we may be running late. I was told that reservations not made 24 hours in advance required a phone call and that "it says that right on our website". She wasn't exactly nasty but I thought this comment was a little unnecessary. I made the reservation from my phone and while (now that I checked) it does say that on their site, that disclosure does not come up on the phone app.That was a little turn-off but as it turns out, we were right on time. Sadly, 11:30am is a half hour too early for bottomless mimosas or any of the other beverages listed at the top of their brunch menu. Now I know this is NY state law, not Cecelia's, but maybe another note to add to the website could remind patrons of this considering that brunch (which includes a complimentary mimosa) is served on Sundays, 10am-3pm. So, if you want to enjoy any of those beverages or take advantage of the generous, endless mimosa feature, you need to wait until after noon.So we started out with a little disappointment but the food was really amazing. Multiple servers made sure to keep our waters full until the mimosa hour. Sadly, by that time, we were already about halfway through our meal. So we ended up passing on the endless option and just had the one complimentary drink.My dining companion and I ordered the Cannoli French Toast and the Crab and Lobster Benedict with the intent of sharing so that we could sample both dishes which arrived promptly and beautifully plated (pics). He favored the Benedict; really loving the tomato bernaise sauce. I thought the dish was good but the side of brunch potatoes were kind-of meh and for some reason, contained green peppers. The Cannoli French Toast however, was incredibly delicious and left me wanting more. We'll definitely be back, but next time we'll remember to call in our reservation and make it for noon or later.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,3/5/2014,46,16,3,7,5>It took me a while to find a yoga place in Buffalo that meets my practice style. Usually I'm not a big fan of public classes because tempo is too fast for me and teachers don't have enough time to correct every student. So I was looking for a place where I can practice on my own pace while having structure to it. When I came across East Meets West morning Mysore class, I knew right away that was it!I love all about it! Mysore class goes between 6am and 9am and I can stop by any time I want during those hours. It may seem like it's too much to get up so early every day but the benefits are invaluable! You get a charge of energy for the whole day and for the first time in my life I look forward to the mornings :)In the class you'll be working on Ashtanga sequences. After you perfect your sun salutations and basic poses you'll get to build on top of it more complex positions.Teachers Patrick and Sarah are very knowledgeable and will guide you gently during the class and advise what can be improved.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,3/4/2014,18,57,1,10,4>My lady and and I decided to check out Sophia's highly regarded breakfast at around 1:30pm on a Sunday. We did have to wait about a half hour to sit, in very close quarters near the door, with a semi-disgruntled employee constantly having to squeeze by us to take garbage out. So, that part wasn't too fun. They should probably have another door for employees to use for that sort of thing.Once we sat, we were relocated after having our drinks ordered as a large group came in. Basically, the seating situation was a bit disorganized. In a small, busy establishment, these things happen, but you'd think after being around for as long as Sophia's has, they'd have a better grip on it.All of this is overshadowed by the great food and the great price. I highly recommend the breakfast skillets. Tons of tasty food at a very affordable price, and it came out pretty quick after ordering.I'll be back.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/3/2014,27,140,4,10,6>I can't express how happy I am that Sato is here in Buffalo. My partner and I used to go to Serene Gardens a lot, over on Grand Island. With the delicious food and fun garden shop, it was well worth the trek, but now that they opened up a restaurant in Buffalo, we're definitely going more often! :DFor our starter, we ordered the Kale salad. Oh man! It was amazing. I don't often like kale because it is so bitter, but the chef was able to complement the bitterness with saltiness, which I enjoyed immensely. The salad also had a beautifully fried Lotus Root as a garnish, which was probably my favorite part of the salad. If I could just get a side of Lotus Root with my next salad, I would be in heaven! :DFor our entree, I ordered the Chirashi Zushi and my partner ordered the Vegetarian Ramen. He loved it, which was great. I tried it, and I thought it was missing an element. It tasted very single note with the soy sauce. It just needed something, je ne sais quoi.My Chirsashi Zushi was amazing. I loved the beautifully cut fish over the sour, vinegary sushi rice. Eating that meal was how food should be eaten. Slowly, savored, enjoying each bite. I also liked that I got to try Uni again. (Not a fan!) But I am happy to try it as it is such a unique delicacy.For dessert I ordered the Kumquat Sponge Cake with Green Tea Ice Cream. It was so pretty, I almost didn't want to eat it. The fresh thinly cut kumquats on the side were genius. Also, the candied kumquat was exactly how candy should taste. Completely rich, sugary, with not a sense of artificial flavor to it. And the candied kumquat was designed perfectly. It looked like a little orange flower. The cake was dry, and definitely needed the big dollop of whipped cream on the side. The whipped cream also had powdered green tea sprinkled on top which was AMAZING. I told you that dish looked beautiful. :) The green tea ice cream was also deliciously rich and creamy.My partner ordered the rice pudding for dessert, and he loved it. He said it wasn't incredibly sweet at all, which was perfect because he prefers less sugary desserts.Overall, I loved Sato. I'm definitely coming back on a regular basis if my pocketbook can handle it. :) With the great owner(s), chef, waitstaff, food, atmosphere, what's not to love? I just can't wait to try all of their different sake. That's for next time!*Suggestions? I would want to bring back the Tempura Shrimp. My partner's mother loved Chef Satomi's Tempura Shrimp, so it was a little sad to see it drop from the menu. Plus, it makes sense because Buffalo loves its fish fries! Secondly, what about a sake flight? That sounds genius, and I would love to see it on the menu. *hint hint* :D
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,3/2/2014,91,62,1,9,5>Really fresh food! I sat at the bar which is great because a lot of the atmosphere here is the open kitchen. I watched every detail of my lunch being prepared by Martin and crew. I decided on the Mushroom Pasta which was delicious and composed of a micro ridged pene pasta, several savory cheeses, mushrooms with an accent of fresh basil and sautéed garlic. Incredible! The portion size was perfect too considering how rich this dish was.The interior space has a really nice, clean and historic feel with exposed brick walls and large wooden timbers that span the entire width of the room. It is then jazzed up and balanced by a large open contemporary gourmet commercial kitchen. Sitting at the bar watching the symphony of culinary talent here preparing your food is like sitting in a center ice box seat at the Sabers when they are wining! Martin came over told me that the dinner menu is stepped up from the lunch program but is purposely left simple so that he can utilize the element of surprise in his creations. I like that! I will be back to try dinner here with my wife.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,3/1/2014,82,148,4,14,6>Since returning to Buffalo in late 2012, my bicycle has been my near exclusive form of transportation.  Poor thing.  I've put it through hell, made it endure Buffalo's pothole-strewn streets, rain showers whilst I stayed warm and dry, calmly sipping a brew in a comfortable pub.  Every now and then, it has needed a bit of service, but until recently, I hadn't yet found a reliable place for it.First, I had visited a large bike shop on Niagara Falls Boulevard that charged me over $70 for a basic tune-up and returned my bike to me three days over my four-day initial estimate.  My second visit, to a "serious" bike shop on Allen Street resulted in me showing up on the day my service was to be completed only to find that no work had been done... and they still wanted to charge me.  In other words, the competition in the (716) area is so dismal that Campus WheelWorks could be mediocre and still look great by comparison.  But that's not the case.  Per my experience there, the service and maintenance group at Campus WheelWorks is exemplary. I walked in with my bicycle late on a Wednesday afternoon, having never even set foot inside before.  Immediately on entering, I was greeted by a team member who brought me to the back.  As I explained what I wanted (a full checkup and one tire replaced), he inspected every facet of the bike, explaining to me his findings, his long-term concerns as he did so.  Like a primary care physician, he invested time in me as though he were certain of my repeat business, advised me on future preventative measures I could take and maintenance measures that would lengthen its lifetime.  I spent more time at the shop than I had expected to spend, indeed more than my primary care physician ever spends on me, but it was to good effect.  As I walked out of the shop that day, I knew what was up, what would be looked at.He provided me an estimate for service at significant savings versus either the Niagara Falls Boulevard store or the Allen Street store and told me, "It will be completed Friday to be picked up early Saturday morning."  So it was.  I received a phone call Friday EOD, strolled down Saturday morning, received a brief from the tech who had examined it, and strolled out relieved to know that my baby had a clean bill of health.  I haven't bought any equipment, didn't particularly pay attention to what models they sell.  (That would be unfaithful.  I can't do that... yet anyway.)  But I know that this will be my first stop for anything bicycle related.  Not in the Western New York area, not in Brooklyn, not in Connecticut have I ever had a more thorough and pleasant experience associated with bicycles.  And I would add one thing.  Bicyclists understand that many people regard them as weirdos.  Many of them develop an arrogance about biking, a condescension towards non-bikers or less knowledgeable bikers.  Returning to my earlier point about my session with them seeming like one with an excellent primary care physician, no such condescension was evident from any of their staff.  These guys seem to just want to do as best a job as they can, and they're damned good.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,2/28/2014,168,1331,4,21,6>I was recently told that yelp keeps small business owners up at night.  This review will allow for sweet dreams.  I do try new pizzas in town, and am very fond of Lovejoys on Main near Allen.  Its seriously good Buffalo style pizza.  What I remember from my youth.  But this pizza is what I crave as an adult.  The flavors are actually thought through, textured and layered.  They have 6 that they make as standard, but you can also make your own.   When I went the first time I asked the person behind the counter what the "best seller" was.  His answer was, last week Meat (I think) and this week Chipoltle BBQ (I know).  Wow.  He knew immediately.  Impressive.  Even given that info I tried the artichoke and ham one, which was not the best seller either week.  But it sounded so good.   And it was.   The bread is perfect (for me), not too thick, cooks well in the 700 degree oven, nice crust - strong enough to hold the peice by hand, yet small enough to eat easily as well.  The employee asked if I wanted "drizzle" on top after it came out of the oven.  I suggested they just do whatever they think makes the best pizza.  So I dont know what the drizzel was, but it did add to the flavoring all around.   I'll be back for this pizza.These pizzas are made in front of you and then put into the visible oven, the first of it's kind in NY I gather.   It reappears a few minutes later.  It's 8.5 inches I believe, which I think is a perfect size.  I have since tried the BBQ chicken, the best seller.  It was very good as well, but I'll stick with the underdog artichoke in the future.  But if you read my reviews you know I dont do much BBQ, and this had less Chipoltle flavor than I expected.  We have had the chick pea chopped salad as well.  It was great.  Really great.  And really chopped, like I used to get daily in NYC.   Harder to find around here.  Its a generous portion, easily enough for a lunch meal (with some left for dinner).  We added quinoa, which was a nice addition.  House dressing on the side, also good.  Surprisingly a dining companion picked up the apple pie.  I had not even seen that on the menu (I dont really get past the pizza part of the menu).  It was a generous size, we brought some home, warmed it up later and enjoyed with icecream.  Terrific.They offer a few things here - The "house pizzas" are all interesting and easily get my attention.  However, you can make your own as well, and they offer half pizzas for $5.50.  You can choose a foccia-wich as well - the "house suggestions" look very good, with "a choice for everyone".  There are vegetarian and gluten free options here.The space is very large, and I imagine they may have some heating and cooling bills they wont be fond of, but its nice, clean and "fresh".  Parking is not good, but there is a large lot in the back as well.  When the school opens again I can see parking getting more challenging.  5 stars - they still have some tweaking to do, but its a mom and pop (although they are in Geneseo I think), its a fresh new idea for Buffalo (that takes guts), its priced right (given the hands-on touch for each order), the seating is comfortable and easy, the music is not too loud (often a problem in "Hard Rock Buffalo" pizza joints) and, important to me, the employees seem to be happy to be working there.  They take CASH of course, and Visa, MC, Amex. I did not ask, but assume wifi is on the way, although not yet there.  Who does not have wifi these days?Thanks Carley M!  Your review got me here, and I'm glad it did.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/27/2014,13,101,,9,8>WOW. Jonah and his mechanics are excellent, friendly and affordable.  The crew explains in detail what they came across and fixed when they call you with their assessment, and reiterate on those points when you pick up your vehicle.  They are very helpful and advise what to keep an eye on for future maintenance or visits to their business.  highly recommend Forest Automotive shop.  +++ PLUS FREE AIR! bonus for bicyclists!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,2/26/2014,166,110,,5,3>I love that this place is downtown and outside. Maybe it has just been the times that I have gone but there is just something special about skating downtown with a little snowfall, and with these huge buildings all around you. I honestly could see this setting in a romantic movie. I also like that it is cheap, if you have your own skates you can go for free, or you can rent for $3 for adults, or $2 for kids. I took my family skating and it only cost $10, how awesome is that! The employees were super laid back and nice! The downside is that the inside is a little small, cramped, and dirty. It is nice that they have a snack bar but they were out of everything we wanted hot chocolate and a hot pretzel.I'd choose an outside skating rink over an inside one any day!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,2/25/2014,27,50,,9,5>It's probably been over 20 years since I last visited this place for lunch and not much has changed, except for the pricing.Tonight I retuned for dinner with a party of 11 and each of us left happy and full. The service was terrific. We were all amazed by how quickly our food was served to our table. The portions were generous and well priced. It is a rare occasion when you can go out to dinner with a large group and have absolutely no complaints. I had the Linguini & Clams ($10.25) which was very good. The white clam sauce was perfectly seasoned and light. The pasta was served in a large bowl and completely COVERED with chopped clams. I managed to eat about half of the serving and got the remaining portion boxed to go. I was extremely pleased with my menu choice.Other dishes that I saw at our table included: Chicken Parmesan, Eggplant Parmesan, Spaghetti & Meatballs, and a dish called Pasta Santanesca (penne pasta, tomatoes, black olives, onions, and garlic). Each item looked delicious. Some managed to clean their plate, while others left with tomorrow's lunch. Either way, everyone left happy.Some things to note:- This is a no-frills establishment. As noted above, not much has changed from the last time I was here two decades ago.- We were not offered a menu - the menu is actually posted on the wall of the dining room.- The prices of the menu items listed on their website do not accurately reflect the current prices (darn inflation).- They do not take reservations, but they were easily able to accommodate our large group.- It is CASH ONLY.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,2/24/2014,198,661,,10,7>I'm always on the lookout for a good hair artist, a master of style. After my last salon haircut where my hair was BUTCHERED with a pair of clippers, I was on the hunt for a new regular stylist. There are several things I enjoyed about Tonic... 1) the salon interior is awesome. It's small but on pulse with current trends. I love when a salon looks nice inside. I think it reflects how much the owners/employees care.2) love love love the Vagaro app that allows me to book my appointments online and reminds me via text when I have made an appointment. I think all businesses that are appointment based should use a scheduling system like this, even medical offices!3) Becky took time in my consult and really cared. It's nice to be listened to and then to have her work reflect what I think my hair needs are. She totally nailed the entire cut, but my hair grows insanely fast and the back and sides alway get bushy first. She made sure to thin these areas appropriately and they look fierce! I'm looking forward to seeing how this cut grows over the next few weeks. She really knows hair!4) she made several suggestions based on my hair type (fine, soft) and products to use. She also explained some of her cutting techniques. I appreciated that she knew how to cut the back of my wavy, cow licked hair so that I won't have a little rat tail grow. :) 5) we each expressed our love for trashy Bravo network TV. Hahaha! Who else could I talk to about Jeff Lewis and Flipping Out?! Ha!I will most certainly be back for more cuts. I love finding someone who KNOWS hair and their craft well. She's awesome. Thanks for the hair artistry, Becky!!!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,2/23/2014,72,177,2,6,6>I had an excellent meal at Merge last week and I hope to be back soon as there are several more items on the menu I want to try.I ordered the prix fixe which is almost any salad, any entree, and almost any dessert or certain drinks for $30. This is a regular deal there and since I got it in my head earlier that I wanted to try the vegan Caesar salad, I went for it.The salad was my least favorite part or the meal, though it was good. The crispy chickpeas were the best part. It was beautifully presented - a whole romaine heart drizzled with dressing and chickpeas scattered about. However, when it came to eat it, I would have preferred the lettuce chopped and tossed in the dressing instead. My entree was the butternut squash gnocchi and my only complaint is that it was so good, it might prevent me from trying the other menu items I had been planning to return for. I was worried the maple cream sauce might be too sweet but the veggies, onions, and garlic cut the sweetness perfectly with their strong savory flavors. The dish was topped with perfectly cooked kale - still bright green but not tough.They were out of some desserts and while I was interested in the vegan cheesecake of the day, the flavor was peanut butter which doesn't thrill me. So, I had the chocolate mousse with berry compote and was delicious. I think there were also pieces of shaved chocolate stirred in. It was really delicious.I'm glad Merge is getting better all the time be because I've always wanted to love it.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,2/22/2014,27,185,3,6,5>I'm a Buffalo native, and was VERY happy when I heard a new brewery was coming to town.  I've been to so many different breweries...over a 100 now and I saw what a brewery can and should be. Unfortunately I have never really been a huge fan of what my city has to offer us beer wise...Ithaca and Southern Tier are great but far away.  Fast forward 2 years and now we have Community Beer Works just killing it! -Their IPA finished second in the national IPA contest..and I will say I have tried the other 3 beers in the final 4 and I believe they deserved their spot.  The IPA..coming from a big IPA fan is very good..I do feel like some batches are better than others but I have never thought it was bad and sometimes it's been incredible.-The Frank is better than most Pale Ales you will find, most people I know like the Frank, it's light and easy to drink.-I'm not a brown ale fan but my girlfriend is and loves the Whale. -Their operation is small, only open 2 days a week, but I've been in there many times and they're nothing but polite. You can taste the beers in the small area and fill up half or full growlers. So glad to have these guys in Buffalo and my only request would be is to pump out a few different varieties like maybe a Choc Stout, a pumpkin beer and Christmas beer.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,2/21/2014,78,107,3,8,6>My order: Spicy mushroom burger, lentil burger, mango pudding, sticky rice Pros: - Honestly, the owner, Ganga, fed me so much food. I can't believe the portions that he was serving. It felt like I was at grandma's house. It was very sweet of him- His food is all LOCALLY GROWN, VEGAN & ORGANIC. Honestly, most vegan establishments charge an arm and a leg; his prices are most definitely economical and student-friendly- He sells his products at farmer's markets and are very readily available (for mass purchase or buying in bulk!) Cons: - The decor can seem a bit run down; but who knows?! Maybe that's his style or personality shall we say- It seems that Go Veggies is the underdog of Elmwood; located at Bryant & Elmwood, it is hidden behind Epic on Bryant streetI feel like the owner, Ganga, spreads himself short by trying to manage multiple roles (waiting tables, bussing, cooking). I definitely believe that he stands behind a strong mission which is to feed a healthy and sustainable meal. Honestly, at the prices & tastes of what Go Veggies is offering, what you're getting is a total steal.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,2/20/2014,96,404,6,12,10>You can court some girls with flowers and candy.  It's not like I don't like 'em.  It's just that the best way to this girl's heart is with a good matzo ball.  SERIOUSLY!  I absolutely love 'em!  And the "balls" at "Reuben's" are just about perfect.... not too fluffy... not too dense....JUST RIGHT!  And they are floating in a sea of the most perfect chicken soup that I've had since I was a little girl and my Grandma in the Bronx used to make it for me. Heaven in a bowl!I've been to "Reuben's" three times now.... once during the first week the place was open..... a week later to see if the opening week kinks were ironed out.... and once when I found out that they were (finally) serving breakfast.  And, each time it has gotten better and better.  Rich, the owner, really seems to care about his customers and wants to provide them with a great experience as well as a great meal.  He's as friendly as can be, open to suggestions, and seems to be looking for his restaurant to become a real part of the community, not just a place to grab a sandwich.   So..... what has this transplanted New Yawka tried? Well, obviously the PERFECTLY DELICIOUS matzo ball soup, a couple of corned beef sandwiches on  (Mazurek's) rye, house-made potato salad, a house-made potato knish, house-made cold slaw, pickles, french fries, house-made cheese blintzes, and house-made potato pancakes. (NO! Not in one sitting!  I love deli, but come on!)  And what did I think? Well...I could eat that soup every day for the rest of my life and be perfectly happy.  The corned beef sandwich (once sliced correctly, across the grain) was flavorful and tasty..... the potato salad is not traditional "Jewish style", but is tasty none-the-less..... the knish was honestly a bit bland, but with the addition of salt and pepper, not bad.... the cold slaw is FANTASTIC!..... the pickles (from Ba-Tampte in Brooklyn!!) are AMAZING.....the french fries are perfectly cooked and salted just right.... the blintzes are light, flavorful, and DELICIOUS..... and the potato pancakes are TO DIE FOR.....thin, but not too thin, with the perfect potato to onion ratio and fried to the most glorious golden brown. YUM!!!!The decor is light and welcoming with New York subway signs and such adorning the walls.  The service can be a bit spotty, but has improved with each visit.  "Reuben's" also serves salads, many, many kinds of deli sandwiches (even tongue and chopped liver, which you don't get around these parts), hot dogs (and knockwurst!), noodle kugel, kreplach (google it), egg creams..... and for breakfast there are omelets, lox and bagels (H&H from Manhattan!), challah french toast, and even Matzo Brei (OH MY!!)  And, they sell deli meats and salads by the pound.  A total Jewish style deli experience!  YIPPEE! Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,2/19/2014,37,84,6,9,5>Based on a rec my wife and I decided to go check out Pho Dollar.  I typically go to Pho 99 whenever I feel like getting some pho but I figured it never hurts to try a new place.Pho Dollar recently opened up just about a month ago.  The current yelp page says that they don't accept credit cards, but they do.  They didn't have the system up and running when the first reviewer setup the page I suppose.The pho is great!  I had the Pho Tai (basic... rare steak).  True to form, I had a sizable amount of meat in my bowl.  I was averaging over 1.3 pieces of meat per bite and I didn't want to over do it and ended up with a few extra pieces hanging around after I was done with my noodles.  My wife had the tendon and brisket pho.  I'm okay with tendon but the brisket was legit!  Next time I'll be getting the brisket pho.  Super soft and delicious!  One great thing about this place is that they have Bahn Mi!  YES!  What is that you ask?  It's basically delicousness tucked into a french baguette.  I added some jalapenos to give it some kick and then BOOM.  Wonderful!So give this place a shot.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.  Service was excellent as well.  I think the waitress checked in on us about 5-6 times so it was nice.  Depending on where you live... if you're down for a bit of drive then go get yourself so pho from this place.  Note:  Contrary to their name - Pho does not cost 1 dollar.  Nor does it cost 4 dollars.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,2/18/2014,29,154,,3,3>Have been wanting to try Pita Gourmet as Mediterranean/Greek food is my favorite. After the blizzard kept me in, I was ready to stop by after work. I came at about 3pm and grabbed two wraps (gyro and chicken souvlaki) and a side so I had some leftovers for the weekend. Walking it, the space is clean and bright. I was warmly greeted and the basic menu is projected on TVs over the counter. You order, pay, and then go around the corner to tell them what toppings you'd like. I went with the basics which they recommended, but they had items like roasted red peppers, banana peppers, pepperocinis, black olives in addition to the tomatoes, lettuce, and onion. They have tzatziki as well as a dill sauce, greek dressing, feta, tahini for whatever item you are getting. Everything was done and wrapped up securely in just a couple of minutes.I ate about half of each wrap and the potatoes, and saved the rest for leftovers. The chicken souvlaki wrap was my favorite of the two. Chicken was freshly grilled and flavorful, the side of greek oil dressing had a good amount of seasoning, and the feta was fresh and soft. The gyro was just ok. Compared to some of the pictures on here already, it was sliced a lot thicker and it was not as nice as crispy as I would like from authentic/fresh gyro meat. Was more like the underlying stuff after you slice the good crisp, marinated bits off. It wasn't bad but wasn't my favorite. The potatoes were pretty good as well, seemed like they were marinated in something a bit more like it had balsamic vinegar in it due to the tint. Would have liked a bit more lemon to them, but they were still tasty. I felt like $3.29 for them was a little steep, though.Edit: Feb '14. I came back for a second trip and I think my overall rating would be a 3.5. Got the chicken souvlaki in the wheat pita pocket and it was good, but I felt skimpy on ingredients like tomatoes (just two small slices) and onions. Lettuce could have been a little more fresh, as well. I got the falalfel as well and I didn't like it. Way too overspiced to the point that I couldn't finish them. Came with some side dressing that was more like ranch or something. I didn't like that either and would have rather had some dill dressing or tzatziki. I think I will just stick with the basics here.  With all the snow, it is hard to navigate the parking lot as the only spots are right in the front and each store seems to have 'claimed' a few of the parking areas.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/17/2014,90,142,,7,3>Paula's Donuts are about the size of a human heart.  Probably because it could stop one.As much as I like these donuts, I can only really eat about 3 a year or else I'll feel like I'll die.  It's all mental, yes, but it's best to hold back.  But, those 3 I eat are heavenly and glorious.  They put other donuts to shame.There's something awesome about coconut cream or coconut all over a donut.Be warned, these are very rich and very sweet.Oh, and for have a great selection of donuts and wonderful taste - they are quite inexpensive.  Cheap even!  Whoa!!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,2/16/2014,10,34,3,8,4>We went to the homemade pasta cooking class on a Thursday evening. Below is some basic info on what it was like, and what I thought of it.HOW LONG DID IT LAST?It lasted about three hours. And, yes, we got to eat our food afterwards! So you're essentially getting both dinner and a cooking lesson.WHAT WAS IT LIKE? It started out a bit slow, with the teacher/chef talking a lot about himself, but it eventually got rolling. We were split into four teams, each responsible for a dish. Two of the people in our group made sauce, while the other two did the pasta dough. But everyone got to roll the pasta out.The four dishes the class made were gnocchi, along with three colors of pasta (green spinach ravioli, red tomato tortellini, and white fettuccine). I notice that in some past reviews, people were disappointed because the classes were not hands-on. The Delish website says that all classes are currently hands-on, so it looks like they've made a good change! UPDATE 3/31: The website now says "most" classes are hands-on, and I noticed that a lot of the classes now are called "demonstration classes."WAS IT WORTH THE MONEY?I thought so. ( It was $45 per person).The chef/teacher was very knowledgeable and did his best to answer everyone's questions. Among other points, we learned what the right texture of the dough should be and how it should look and feel when it's rolled out -- qualities that I think would be very difficult to learn from an online video. We also got some great tips, like not to wash pasta cranks since they'll just rust.I definitely feel like we could make pasta at home now! Yay.WHY THE ONE-STAR DEDUCTION?Two reasons:-- A lot of dough and filling was thrown away (like the edges of the ravioli dough after they were cut). I know it's probably not practical to use every last scrap, given the time constraints of the class, but I hate throwing food away and think it sends a bad message...-- The dishes seemed like they were probably REALLY unhealthy. I felt as if I could feel the cream, cheese and butter in my arteries after eating. The cream flavor of three of the dishes was so overwhelming that they pretty much tasted the same to me. I definitely wouldn't cook like this at home!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/15/2014,87,124,,4,6>Oh my goodness, now was this place a true experience.  I went for my birthday in November with my boyfriend after saying we should stop in here for many months but could never seem to come up with a good enough reason to foot this bill. However I am so glad I finally said let's go!  It's nothing special to look at as decor stands which  is disappointing because didn't Hotel Lafayette have some big time renovating recently?!  Anyways, the cocktails were first and clearly made by a mixologist (which I love) and were delicious.  We followed that with wine for dinner, also reasonable and good.  We had an array of appetizers including oysters, steak tartar and bone marrow--- all were seriously phenomenal.  For dinner I believe we both had the same cut of steak.... I am a rib-eye snob. Filets are just not my thing (too little fat, taking notes from Anthony Bourdain).  The steaks were seasoned perfectly and were served with sides (rare for a steakhouse) and I was just boasting with happiness after this whole meal. To top it off we had a wonderful waitress who knew so much about the menu and was not a typical high-end server.  It was seriously a superb night.  I'm not sure when I'll be back because I cannot spend money like that often but I would choose this place again and again.  5 stars well deserved. Bravo Mike A.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,2/14/2014,47,60,,6,7>As I get older, I'm starting to like my music smaller, that sort of ensures that you get folks who are there for the show, not to be able to say they were at a given show like so many of the free outdoor shows have morphed into. I've been the the Town a few times and it's never been a thing. Mostly recently for the Dark Star Orchestra. The staff at the Ballroom got folks in quickly (much appreciated in the 30 degree weather). The quirks of having the coat checker sell pizza (or the other way around) sort of added to the charm. Drinks aren't outrageous and the layout of the performance space allows for you be able to see the show no matter where you are hanging out. Screens allow for a look if your view does get impaired. Great sound for the space. DSO obviously did some prepping before showtime. Nice staff, nice space. Worth your bucks.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,2/13/2014,1092,741,13,13,8>I got this place confused with a local Donut shop, "Suzanne's Crullers", and thank goodness I did, because Sazon Criollo's donuts are WAY better.OK, that's not true at all. I made the whole thing up.Truth is, I was running out of new hidden gems in the Buffalonianical Western New York greater wider general metropolitan regional region, and as part of a "last ditch" food tour in order to try and add another favourite to the nearly-set-in-stone list of local attractions, I tried Sazon Criollo. Oh my goodness. Did I hit the jackpot, or what.Sazon Criollo is some of the best Puerto Rican food I have ever had. It's right up there with some of the best Latin food I have ever had. Their Chicken & Yellow Rice is simple but delicious, and everyone I know that likes this dish, says it is among the best they've had. Their Parcha (Passion Fruit juice) is delicious, although it's way too sweet, so I get a cup of water and mix it (half and half), and it comes out just about perfect. Their Pernil is delicious and incredible. I tried the Mofongo, and I have to admit even though it's a little pricier than all of the aforementioned, I don't like it nearly as much.But the piece-de-resistance is the Tripleta. For those of you who, like myself until recently, are unaware of the godsend that is a Tripleta,  let me explain. It's panini style toasted bread (which I usually don't like), with ham, whole chicken breasts, and pernil (juicy soft roasted pork) on the sandwich (hence the "triple" in the tripleta... three types of meats)... then they add cheese (which I usually don't), and lots of messy condiments (which I usually wouldn't), and it all combines into this heaven sent piece of perfection know as THE TRIPLETA.It's one of the messiest things I've ever eaten... the chicken is so sauteed and so perfectly flavoured that it totally dominates the sandwich, and I am sure that the chicken alone (sans Pernil and Ham) would be an incredible sandwich for the slightly less hungry among you. It's different from the chicken & rice chicken... it's sauteed differently, it's boneless, it's just utterly divine. If you come to SC, you MUST try a Tripleta. If you come to Buffalo, you MUST try Sazon Criollo.Let me explain how good it is. My father and his partner came to Buffalo for the first time, recently. He visited me for 2 days only. I had to squeeze a culinary treat tour in there. He doesn't have a huge appetite. We did Pizza & Wings (Imperial of course) and that went down very well. We did Greek (Towne) which went down okay, we caught them on a bad night maybe. We did Beef On Weck from Charlie's (don't think he touched it) and a Ted's Polish Dog (he was indifferent). Oh, and we had an excellent Italian at Mulberry which he liked (lasagne and meatball, obviously).For the final meal, I had to choose between about 10 different places, and we went for this one. It was declared by all and sundry (sundry is actually Shyla Sundry, a friend of my Dad that travels with him a lot, weird name, but can speak 16 languages which always helps) as the best meal of the trip. It was just amazing. People couldn't stop eating it. Even people off the street, saw us eating, and entered the restaurant just to steal food from our plate. As we were leaving, a homeless person asked for help, so I offered him money, and he said, no, I don't want money, I want some of your leftovers from Sazon Criollo.Note: my Dad visited again recently, and I took him to Valle Of Mexico, where the Albondigas special went down VERY well. If you haven't tried that - do it.Also the owners (hubby & wife) are adorable, friendly, and very attentive. Tripleta takes awhile to prepare, order ahead by phone if you don't have time to wait. It's on Hudson street, on the left hand side on a corner, about 3 blocks East of Niagara St.I hope that this place gets the recognition it deserves, becomes ridiculously popular, opens up extra locations in suburbs and in other cities, and puts Taco Bell out of business. Am I asking too much? I usually do.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/12/2014,66,56,6,5,5>"I just need some space!"-The girl who ends up breaking up with you**************************************************­***********************Cole's is a great place. They've taken the idea of a bar/restaurant and expanded it in a variety of ways and have done so successfully over a long period of time. An elderly lady recently was telling about how the young people in her day would go to Cole's on Wednesday nights to find their date for the weekend. Even today they are still attracting the young crowd and the old crowd alike, the former with great beer and atmosphere, the latter with great food. As I read other reviews on Cole's, I felt that they were unfair and fair at the same time. Their complaints are very akin to the girl breaking up with you. She says you talk too much. Is that true? Yes. Is it a bad character trait for you? Possibly - or it could be that you are just a very outgoing person and you actually excel at that. It just happens to annoy her. Is it fair for her to break up with you? Yes. Is it fair for her to tell her you suck as a person? Not at all.Reasons why people have broken up with Cole's:It's too loud sometimes. Fair - it does get unusually loud here late at night. This is a reflection of how successful Cole's is though. And you can't just chalk it up to their location on Elmwood. Mister Goodbar has an identical location but I have never seen it as crowded. They have a great late-night atmosphere, a plethora of specialty beers, and can make you nice mixed drinks as well.There's not enough space at the bar. Fair - it is very hard to maneuver in the bar area especially with the partition sandwiching you in. This is part of the challenge of any bar but it's very fair to say this challenge is exacerbated by the interior design of the bar. They could make humorous instructional videos on how to combat this issue. My solution has always been to clear the way for a lady friend and once I get her to the bar, let her do the ordering. Everyone knows most bartenders give ladies a little more attention. There is a certain point though at which you have to be willing to wait. Chat up your lady friend or awkwardly look for something you distract you on your smartphone if that's your thing. The fact that the crowded atmosphere doesn't keep people away is only further proof though that Cole's is succeeding as an establishment.Their food is average. This is a stretch - they do offer items common to bar/restaurants and things like their fries are relatively average. I feel like they take those traditional bar/restaurant menu items and doctor them up in unique ways. Exhibit A: their burgers. Last time I was here, I was vacillating between a duck burger with creamy goat cheese and spicy chipotle ketchup and a brat burger on a salted pretzel roll with German potato salad. I ordered the duck burger - they mistakenly brought me the brat burger - the brat burger and potato salad had me salivating to the point where I almost didn't send it back (something I never hesitate to do). My parents had NY Strip steak (something on the nicer end of bar/restaurant food) and their steaks were nothing short of amazing. I tasted my dad's steak and it tasted like something you would get at a high-end restaurant. Succulent, juicy, beyond flavorful, and cooked to order perfectly. I could go on but I close in saying that I actually get excited to go to Cole's because of the unique menu options.Conclusion. Cole's is vibrant, unique bar/restaurant. There's a reason why she draws more consistent attention than the other girls who live on the same street. Call her mediocre, complain about her, and even break up with her in a tiff. You will only be providing me, and others who love her, with a shorter wait time when we go.If you want a nice, quiet meal, I wouldn't recommend Cole's. If you want to eat killer bar/restaurant food with unique spins, try a new beer you've never heard of before, and don't mind a little noise, this is the place. It's what Cole's tries to excel at and what they do excel at. That's why she gets five stars.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,2/11/2014,41,35,,4,3>What's there not to love, my favorite Thai place in Buffalo (given I've yet to try Taste of Thai and the King and I, although that should change soon considering I invested in the Groupon). Anyways, back to Thai Orchid which has fantastic curries, duck and salmon. More specifically, I adore the vegetable green curry with brown rice (a sort of arborio, which to me is much better than the regular kind), and I always ask for extra Japanese eggplant as well. If that sounds a tad bit too vegetarian for you, worry not because you can get it with chicken, pork (very tender and moist), squid or sea scallop. As an extra bonus you can even choose the spiciness level ( 1 to 5 stars), I stick with 2 which has a little kick but doesn't over power the lemongrass flavors of the curry. Now onto some of the main dishes, the Ho Mok salmon, baked in a clay pot and doused with coconut milk is fantastic and so is their Ma Kham Duck which is perfectly cooked / extremely tender. I've also dabbled in some of their noodle dishes, Pad Thai and Pad Kee Mao which were both very good as well. I should also mention that the quality of their take out rivals that of their dine in options, which is also another feat in it's own. All in all, this little Thai establishment is consistent not too mention extremely reasonable. Again, best in Buffalo!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,2/10/2014,1,13,2,7,4>Three adults went for weeknight buffet.   None of us were disappointed.  Many dishes were similar but yet each had distinctive flavorings.  The food had more heat than I expected, but was all delicious.  I suppose Pakistani food, generally, is spicier than Indian.  Potatoes were a component of most dishes, so if diabetic (as I am), you will want to eat more meat, less carb.  We will go back and look forward to ordering off the extensive menu.Even though diabetic, I had to try a bit of two of the desserts: mango custard, and wheat pudding.  Both delicious.   You might even want a bit of custard to follow a few bites of something particularly spicy.Two of our party had the Pakistani tea and were delighted by it.  A couple at a nearby table said they travel internationally a lot, and Zaiqa's has the best Pakistani food they have ever had outside of Pakistan.Note on the Butter Chicken:  a taste goes a long way.  Very buttery.We also must try their Sunday breakfast, served all day Sunday.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/9/2014,10,11,,5,3>I live extremely close to bambino and often end up there out of convenience. The atmosphere is very nice. If you want a more casual experience, sit downstairs or at the bar. The food is to die for, however  there aren't many options for those who don't eat meat and unfortunately a lot of the fair is very heavy.  With that said, I'm still craving their local mushroom ravioli on their previous fall menu and I have yet to have something that I don't enjoy. They also have an excellently stocked bar, a hearty wine list, interesting signature cocktails, and a few decent beers on tap.I've found the service to be great, even when ordering to take out.Overall, bambino is a bit expensive but has great food and drinks and is perfect for date night or a hearty meal with friends!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/8/2014,31,21,2,4,3>This is one of my favorite "fancy" restaurants in Buffalo. Decor is very modern, clean, elegant looking. Dining area is very spacious, there is thankfully no bumping into other tables. Tables are enormous and spacious. Service is very attentive and polite. Noise level is at a buzz so you don't have to hear other people's conversations.Food is new american. Portions are just right- not tiny not enormous. I've never had leftovers here! A lot of options and all of the food comes out looking structure/ visually pretty. Taste is great too. With all of the fancy decor and food, expect $100 for 2 people- appetizer, entrees and drinks, tip.3-4 years ago, the crowd was mostly MUCH older and the dining stopped actually BEFORE 8pm! I was there once for dinner at 8 and we were the last diners there! NOW it's completely different, word must have picked up that this is a great restaurant because it's packed even in dead of winter at 830pm completely booked. I would call for a reservation so that you don't get stuck at the bar if you want a giant table to yourself.Overall, great for any special occasion!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/7/2014,3,36,2,6,2>Well it's the end of an era! But the start of something great new and fresh! The little lady that provided awesome semi authentic bountiful plates has retired, I saw her the last day she was there helping the new owner and gave her a big hug and told her I would miss her smile and her wonderful food. She really was my Korean mom what a sweet woman, She will be missed. The new owner is a young male and apparently quite experienced in front of a stove. His flavors are quite different than Korean moms but they are very flavorful and creative. The Jjajang is my all time favorite it is fresh noodles made every day  topped with braised onions, some bits of pork and a black bean sauce. It reminds me of my moms roasts on Sunday with the onions left at the bottom of the roaster that soaked up all that awesome flavor my mouth is watering , yum! His Babim Bap is good  and very different from the old. The one thing I do miss is her trio of sides that she gave everyone with their entrees. His trio isn't the best but he gets merit for trying to be creative. I would say he will be a very good replacement for my Korean mom and with a little tweaking he will be great. Consistency is everything in the food biz if he can nail it the way his predecessor did than he will be ok. The price point is still good but the portions have shrunk a bit but it's well worth the price. Good luck Danny Kang with Koreana I will be frequenting the place when I am in the area.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/6/2014,14,23,2,6,2>I had been taking my coat to the same dry cleaner for years, and it was always just mediocre. So this time I decided to see what Yelp had to offer. I saw Rotundo, and it seemed good, but also sounded like an interesting place to go. I brought in my coat and they said it would be 3 days, since I said it didn't matter when it was done, and I wasn't in a hurry. When I got my coat back, they did what the other place never done, and sewed my loose button back on tightly. It had been loose for years, and every time I figured the other place might do something about it. This place did it without even having to say anything. I was so happy! Another perk to Rotundo's: it was only $7. I would highly recommend this place.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,2/5/2014,130,75,,7,4>This review is so long overdue it's not even funny. I cannot tell you how many places I have called between Buffalo and Cleveland looking for a groomer that does hand stripping. (If your dog has a wire coat, i.e. many terriers, you are not supposed to cut it because it ruins the coat's protective qualities by making it soft.) I thought I had found a place in Cleveland but I'm pretty sure that they just cut his fur. The first time I went to Kennel Club Grooming, the girl there said to me that she could certainly strip Stout for me but that since he was a puppy still, and since stripping is a form of bonding, it was much better for her to show me how to do it so that I could use it as a way of establishing a pack-bond with Stout. Really? You are going to show me how to do what I was going to pay you to do so that I don't have to pay you to do it? That's certainly a customer friendly business model! Now that Stout is a little older, I don't mind taking him in once in a while to have him cleaned up a bit since stripping is a time consuming process. Most recently, after 5 hours of work myself, I brought Stout in for a nail trim and to get the sensitive area that you don't strip shaved (i.e. belly). Stout is super shy around people but did okay going into the building and standing next to the counter. Then the owner, "Uncle" Henry, just scooped Stout right up before Stout had a chance to decide to be afraid in a way that is exactly what you need to do with Stout to make him feel comfortable even if he doesn't think he wants to. Every time I go into KCG I'm always so impressed at how Henry and his staff interact with Stout. It's incredibly clear the Henry is knowledgeable about a variety of breeds and the personalities and quirks of those breeds. It wasn't a busy day so when I picked Stout up we had a great talk about some of Stout's personality quirks about me trying to get used to the terrier personality (vs. the four toy poodles I grew up with). Overall, I can't say enough nice things about KCG. Two notes of warning: (1) in the past I've always had prompt return phone calls but this time it took 2-3 weeks of me calling before I got someone - I'm pretty sure my voicemail message just slipped through the cracks. No big deal, it happens. My point is just that this place is awesome, so if for some odd reason you don't hear back, definitely call again. Also, try to call when they're open: Wed-Saturday 8AM until they finish for that day. (2) The shop is on Chandler Street off of Military and when you first turn onto the street you're kind of like, ok, where are all the businesses? KCG has a big sign perpendicular to the building and there are signs for the Antique Shop next to them. The big double doors are for the Antique Shop; the single door to the right is for KCG. There's lots of parking. In conclusion, the shop is clean, the owner is awesome, the prices are reasonable, the grooming is high quality, and, if you're looking for a great place to bring your dog, the answer is Kennel Club Grooming. Stout is picky, especially if you are cutting his nails, but even he is happy to go see his Uncle Henry!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/4/2014,21,107,3,8,6>GiGi's is fantastic.I LOVE that the red wine is cave temperature, not blood temperature. I'd go back just for that reason alone. I'd agonize if the food sucked but still I'd go because the wine cellar is so good. Luckily I don't have to agonize I can go there because the food is wonderful and fairly rare. This is not your typical Italian red sauce place - even the best red sauce in the world has the potential to bore me to death. I love that it's sourced locally as much as possible.I love that the waitress calls the owner auntie.There was so much there I wanted to try - but there weren't enough in my party. I have to go back with many more so I can have cardoons. And squid salad. And pastas Carbonara and Amaticiana (Pork and chiles, that's red sauce I'll try.) And dessert. We had fried artichoke and the charcuterie board (even the board is locally sourced) the bread is house made and warm, people! I had midnight pasta - never seen that before - and I almost chipped the plate finishing it. Red peppers, olive oil, maybe there were some capers and olives? Definitely NO TOMATOES.I own the St. Joseph's Day cookbook but why would I reinterpret these recipes at home when I can simply go to GiGi and eat the real life, actual author's food right here on Kenmore Ave.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/3/2014,75,529,,5,3>I have only been  to this location once, but I was very pleased with the service. I walked in at 9:05am on a holiday and was out by 9:30 with a prescription in my hand. They are very efficient, fast, and kind. I never felt neglected or rushed. They have free keruig coffee in the waiting room and tvs in all the exam rooms (not that I even had time to turn it on). The direction that health care is going really befuddles me. I had a strep throat. It would have taken me 2 days to see my usual doctor and then I would have had to wait in a crowded waiting room for 30-45 minutes (based on my normal wait times). These new immediate care centers are all about making things fast and comfortable. Sure, I am not going to go there for anything complicated but seems better than going to my primary for small complaints.If you join their loyalty program, you can call ahead and get your name on the waiting list.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,2/2/2014,59,154,3,5,3>I've been to Sun a few times now, and everytime has been delicious.  They have definitely changed since I started going there.  For starters, they never used to have English names for their foods... leading to lots of butchering of food names. Secondly, their business has gotten so much busier with each visit.  This past Friday, there was not 1 open table during most of our time here!For the food: There is a dish I have gotten twice in the past that I really can't remember what it was called... I *think* it was the Nan Gyi Thoat (Rice Noodles with Chicken Curry Sauce).  Either way, the dish is I loved was chicken simmered in delicious spice over rice noodles and served with a bowl of nondescript broth -- you are supposed to put the noodles into the broth and make a soup.  If anyone can confirm or deny this, please let me know so I can edit this!This past Friday I got the Burmese flat wide noodle.  It said spicy on the menu, and my tolerance is not very good for spicy food, but it had a perfect amount of heat.  The star of the meal, however, was the black mango sticky rice that I ordered for dessert.  So many reviews here mention the black rice.  Looking at the entrees, however, I wasn't thrilled because I don't eat sushi (it's a consistency thing), so I was saddened to see that many of the dishes were sushi or seafood.  I decided upon getting this dessert... and I am so glad I did!  The rice was so sweet paired with the mango and fresh strawberry.  It wasn't very sticky at all -- just delicious!  I wolfed down the whole plate in minutes, and wished I had another one!The service on the most recent trip was slow, but that's understandable because it was a full house.  In other trips, its much quicker and also much more dead.  The service is friendly and the owner is a very sweet lady, jokingly asking us if we were both 21 when she explained the alcohol to us.  Overall, this is my favorite Asian restaurant in the city, and I love love LOVE having Burmese cuisine as an option.  Good job, Sun Restaurant!  You guys deserve all the love you get from us here on Yelp!!!!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,2/1/2014,22,55,3,5,4>Being that I've never been the best driver in the world, I've had my fair share of accidents & fender benders over the years. Many of those mishaps were with my parents' cars. They've been taking their vehicles to Fineline for as long as I can remember. With their recommendation, I've now had the opportunity to take my own vehicles to Fineline on more than one occasion. They always do the best work. You can never tell that the vehicle was ever in an accident! A couple years ago, someone smashed the rear end of my car while I was parked on the street and they never stopped. I ended up having Fineline do the work and they helped me out with a loaner while my car was in the shop. Recently, my husband was rear ended pretty bad with our Ford Escape. We filed the claim under the other person's insurance so we could avoid paying our own deductible. I took the vehicle in for an estimate, the insurance adjuster came to my husbands work a day or two later and did his own estimate, and then we made arrangements to drop it off at Fineline. Since the other person's insurance covered a rental for the time that the repairs were being done, Fineline made the arrangements for the rental car company to meet me at the collision shop. I was never without a vehicle while the work was being done. It took them two weeks to do the work (which is what they told me up front and I didn't mind a bit since I had the rental!) and the car came back in "like new" condition. I will never go anywhere else. These guys can be trusted and they do just a phenomenal job! Rick (the owner) is an awesome guy. He's honest and up front with you and really knows what he's doing. I highly recommend this place!!!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/31/2014,54,84,1,10,8>This is the greatest local boutique-y place I've been to! Love the tea. Love the store. Love the owner! Five stars!I came here just before Christmas to pick up two-$25 gift packages. The owner, Syd, is incredibly helpful, knowledgeable and enthusiastic. She helped me put together two of the nicest gift packages. They were a hit at the secret Santa gift exchange I attended! If you're a tea lover, you MUST come here. Ask Syd anything -she will point you in the right direction and give you advice on trying new flavors.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,1/30/2014,147,187,2,7,7>Just vino - just what I love! I can't get over how damn cute this place is!The first time I came here was last July, when they had a "Christmas in July" party.  It was a little crowded, so I just hung at a table in the corner with two girlfriends, enjoying some vino. Fast forward, to this past Saturday.  I met my cousin here at 4pm, and it was pretty calm.  However, that's a good thing for a place like this.  It's smaller inside, with a bar area and a separate room containing 4 high bistro tables with chairs.  But I think that's exactly what makes me love this place - the fact that it's cozy, intimate, and relaxing.  When my cousin and I sat in the separate room, we were the only ones in there.  The wide, open, glass windows over looking Main Street and part of Virginia, were enough to make us not feel isolated, or like we were in a small tissue box.  Yet, because no other patrons surrounded us, we had the perfect combination of music, warmth, and peace to enjoy hours of endless chitter-chatter. I also couldn't help but adore the Parisian/Eiffel tower themed décor surrounding us.  There were some things I wanted to take off the wall, and bring home, to add to the same theme I have carried throughout parts of my home :)Our server, John (I think?), was very attentive and welcoming. Even though it took us a couple of 'once overs' of the wine list to make our decision, he kept checking back with us, in a non-pressing matter.  He even helped my cousin find the perfect wine she was looking for, when she requested an Italian red wine that was not so dry.  Side note - I do think the wine was a tad expensive.  By the glass, they didn't have anything under $8.5/9.  I would have liked to see some other options maybe around $7/8. I just looked on their website to double check and make sure I specified correctly what we ordered to eat; however, it looks as though their online menu is not up to date.  Anyways, we ordered two plates to share:  the 'four cheese pie for one' and the Italian Plate (neither on the online menu).  Now, the pie was specified for one, so we were expecting something tiny.  To our dismay, what we received was a board with eight (smaller) slices divided into two, so we each had 4 to ourselves (should have taken a picture, oops).  Not only was it way more than we expected, but it was delicious!!! Our Italian plate consisted of meats, cheeses, olives, pickles, strawberries, brushetta, etc.  It was delicious as well.  Both items were more than I have received from other restaurants when ordering a similar fare, for a similar price.  The both of us were able to pick away for about an hour. Three hours later, we were jovial, filled with wine and good conversation.  We couldn't have been more pleased with the service, ambiance, and treats we consumed.  I can't wait to come back to this cozy wine bar for another afternoon/evening filled with the 'good stuff'.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,1/29/2014,13,70,4,10,7>On a recent Sunday morning we find ourselves childless, un-hungover and with extra time on our hands.   I wanted to go somewhere different for brunch (and by different I mean not an all-you-can-eat buffet, and not a place we go to frequently with our toddler.)  Decided on Betty's, where we haven't been in years - give me a break, we live in the suburbs.  Word of mouth has gotten around that they have a fabulous brunch, and that word of mouth is NO LIE. Great coffee.  Reasonable prices.  Short wait (crowded, yet we waited barely 5 minutes for a table for 2.)  The food?  Delectable.  I had the smoked salmon eggs benedict (I can still taste it - WOW!)  Husband had the Chilaquiles - "a traditional hangover cure in some regions of Mexico; a casserole of eggs, corn tortillas, tomatoes, onions, jalapeño's, zucchini and corn with cheddar/jack cheese; served with fresh tomato salsa, salsa verde, sour cream and black beans."  He pronouced it a success - wolfed the whole plate down.  He did say he willl ask for extra salsa verde next time.  Did you read that - NEXT TIME!  YAY!The ONLY reason it won't get 5 stars is service - our guy wasn't great.  Took our order quickly, but never came back after he brought our meals, even for that cursory "how is everything?" stop.  Water glasses were emptied & put to the side of the table early into the meail, but he didn't notice until he came back to clear the plates after we were finished. I then ordered a scone for us to split for "dessert" & it was brought to us in a to-go container (even though he had just refilled my coffee.)  Ummm...OK, we'll take the hint.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/28/2014,67,52,1,7,6>I can't believe after so many years of knowing this restaurant is top notch, did I only just make it here. We came out for our office Christmas dinner and I was very impressed.This restaurant has been one of the best in the area for many years and I don't see that changing anytime soon. They offer valet parking, which is very nice when you're all dressed up. We had a reservation and were seated promptly. The ambience in the restaurant is warm and classic. Very rich colors and fabrics. Not over the top, but luxurious. Halfway through our dinner, a jazz band started playing live and they were great!I ordered an appetizer of raw oysters, which were delicious. For dinner I had an order of ravioli, which was amazing as well. Small little round pockets of pasta filled lightly with ricotta cheese, cooked al dente and served with a light portion of red sauce on top. It was delicious and didn't make me feel overly stuff. For dessert, I ordered a their fresh gelato sampler, which you got to choose three flavors, and I thought it was just a great sweet treat to end the evening.I will definitely be going back!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,1/27/2014,49,130,5,11,2>So of course we had a clogged toilet on Thanksgiving morning.  Of course it's never clogged in the 2+ years we have lived here.  Of COURSE we have more than 20 people coming over today for T-Day festivities!  I plunged and plunged no no avail and then finally gave up.  I checked to see if Lowes would be open (this is 7am at this point) and of course they wouldn't be nor would I know what to buy to fix this.On a lark, I called the local Roto-Rooter phone number and someone at the national call center actually picked up!  They took my info and said someone would be there by 9am.  I thought this was a joke.  I had no hope that anyone would show up and was just resigned to sealing off the main bathroom and praying that almost two dozen people would make do with the small half bath.At 8:30am the doorbell rang.  It was the Roto-Rooter man!  I still thought it was a joke but he was dead serious about being a Roto-Rooter man and managed to auger our toilet and get it back to happy and flushing in no time.  He wore little plastic things on his shoes, was wicked courteous, and left absolutely no mess.  Totally saved the day this T-day and I won't hesitate to call them again.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,1/26/2014,72,331,3,4,3>Still on my mission to try the thousand or so Pizza places in South Buffalo. Was ordering for the family last night and saw Mineo's has a large 1 topping pie and double wings special for $23 on a Thursday. Ordered the usual of pizza with sausage and green and black olives and the wings half hot, half plain.The pizza was good, bit thinner crust than lots of Buffalo places, but thicker then NY style. Somewhat sweet sauce but not overpowering. Cheese was browned to perfection and the crust at the end has a bit of crunch to it which I liked. Cheese was falling off a bit though. Wings were decent, my wife thought the plain were to dry, but the hot wings were sauced nice and still had some crisp to them. Good size wings too.My only complaint is the extra toppings were actually $2 each, adding $4 on to my bill and they were not loaded on the pizza but just covered in normal toppings kind of way. If you're going to charge that much for extra's they should be covering the pizza from crust to crust. All in all pretty decent, though, I would order from here again.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/25/2014,59,84,1,6,4>I've had several dining experiences at Vera and always look forward to the next one. They have an extensive specialty cocktail menu that is so impressive I couldn't even tell you what their other beverage options are. The drinks are $10 each but they are strong and made with attention to detail.On my last visit, I enjoyed a cocktail called "The Concept". It was Grappa, honey syrup, lemon, candied ginger and fresh cranberries. I was kind of nervous about ordering grappa for the first time and thought it would end up overpowering it. However, the combination of these ingredients was magical and it ended up tasting like a sweet lemon beverage. I thought that the cranberries were too sour for this drink and that they would have been better had they been soaked in something prior to being added.Each time I've been there I have split a pizza with friends. The last time I was there I had the potato and leek pizza. It was a creamy bechamel sauce with leeks and thinly sliced potatos on top. (so so good) The polenta fries are a great starter or just have them with drinks. The portion is big enough for two. They look like a giant plate of mozzerella sticks but I presume they aren't as bad for you.I am always so excited to go back to Vera. The place is so adorable and I always know I am going to have a good meal.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/24/2014,126,349,6,14,11>So after 2 trips to Bistro Europa, it has quickly moved into my top 5 places you HAVE to try in Buffalo. There's so many great things about the place that have already been said, so I'm going to base my review of the place on the perspective of the Buffalo paleo/primal community, because I think it says a lot about the place. First off, eating grain & legume free in this place is not only easy, but allows you access to a good 50% or more of the menu.  And, if you like something (other than a pasta dish, let's be reasonable) that you want converted, the wait staff and chef Steve are equally accommodating and super cool about it.  They get it.  It makes me happy. Second, almost everything (if not actually everything) is locally-sourced, making for some of the best tasting food around (not to take anything away from the Chef, of course - but kudos to him for realizing the advantage there).  And not just locally sourced, but ethically raised, generally organic, grass-fed where appropriate, delicious, healthy, nutrient-packed, best for your heart local food. Third, the specials change daily, in case you were actually doubting if the food really is super fresh and local. Don't get set on a favorite dish because it will disappear - but don't worry, you'll find another. Fourth, they don't waste some of the most healthful parts of the animals they use. Pig's ears? On the menu. Squash blossoms with duck neck? Covered. Lardo, pate, pork liver mousse? Some of the best parts of the animal, and all covered on the charcuterie board.  YOU SHOULD NOT BE AFRAID OF THESE FOODS... just eat them. Properly prepared, like they are here, they are some of the best tasting and most nutritious things you can eat. Fifth, the relationship with Nickel City Cheese means some of the best salad toppings, cheese boards, and garnishes you can get. Sixth, everything tastes amazing. My one complaint, I wish it were cheaper so I could eat it every day. But I always say food is too cheap... so I can't be allowed to complain. Just eat here, you won't regret it!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,1/23/2014,33,157,2,6,5>I had a wedding in which I was standing in and got my dress about 2 weeks before the wedding (poor planning on the bride's part). I was freaking out because I needed about 7 inches taken off the bottom. After reading the amazing reviews, I decided to come to Maurice Tailors.Maurice was incredibly friendly and helpful. I was in and out in about 10 min. About 5 days later, my dress was ready and it was wonderful! It was $65 to shorten. When I spoke to the other bridesmaids they all paid upwards of $100 at different places.I will definitely come back!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/22/2014,63,67,6,7,7>Y'know what? I'm going to go ahead and slap a 4-star review on this place. I really felt, going into this review, that I was leaning more towards a 3, but the memory of my Memphis mac plate bumped it up a star.Bob's is a standard barbecue restaurant. Decent-sized menu, good beer selection, and (unlike most BBQ joints) a pretty awesome fish tank. Service is fast and friendly enough. I've come here for drinks a couple times now, and they manage to achieve consistency in service and quality in the bar in addition to the dining area.The entrees are good, the sides are better. If you come to Bob's, mac and cheese is a must. I've gotten the Memphis mac plate (a bed of macaroni and cheese topped with slaw and pulled pork) twice now, and I sometimes find myself craving it. The beer selection is fine. Last time I was there, they had started to break out the winter ales. I had the Southern Tier 2Xmas, Flying Bison's Blizzard Bock, and (the less seasonal but more delicious) Founders Breakfast Stout. So, if you're in the area and are looking for a filling meal and a good beer, Fat Bob's is definitely a solid choice. Just keep your expectations reasonable.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,1/21/2014,136,280,,15,7>Sick of waiting in line at the Left Bank? Or trying to squeeze into the bar for a drink? Then walk a short half block to Providence Social which rivals Left Bank in atmosphere, both inside and on the patio.But it doesn't stop at the atmosphere.  The drinks are fantastic - $10 cocktails that rival Vera Pizza for creativity and quality.As for the food: they have a very small entree selection (which looks delicious) because their focus is on "small plates," which aren't very small at all! My date ordered the Shroom Stack which consisted of panko-crusted portobello mushrooms ... incredible (and I rarely go for anything fried).I ordered the lamb sliders.  Three sliders were served with a cucumber sauce.  The pairing was perfect! My only criticism was that the rolls may have been better toasted or grilled.  They were not toasted at all but were simply soft, right out of the bag.  Still, the lamb flavor with the cucumber was enough to make me order this again!Minus one star for a somewhat limited beer selection (but you can tell they are going for cocktails, not beer - nothing wrong with that).I'm so excited that this new restaurant opened as an alternative to Left Bank.  I'll be back.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,1/20/2014,47,73,,7,2>I've had Indian and Chinese many times on separate occasions, but never experienced Indo-Chinese cuisine before I tried this restaurant.  Came here with a large group of fellow Yelpers.  The food was excellent, and I'm giving it a solid 5 stars.  However, the service wasn't that great....2 stars.  Service:Even though they were friendly, the service was slow and unorganized.  It took more than 20 minutes for our drinks to arrive.  Almost half the table ordered special Indian drinks and this is probably the main reason, but that's way too long to wait for a drink, and the water came out after our drinks...could of used it before while we snacked on the dry Papadam (lentil wafers).  The entrees took a long time, and wasn't served all at once.   Some had to wait a few minutes.  Also, they didn't ask us how hot or mild we might like it, so all of the curry flavored entrees came out on the mild side.  Food:I ordered up something simple, a Limca soft drink - looked and tasted like drinking a Squirt, but less sweet and more lemon and lime flavors.  It went perfect with my meal.  We all shared a couple appetizers to start, and I tried the Asian honey spice wings with sesame seeds and the fried tofu from an assorted fried veggie platter.  The wings were a tasty gooey honey goodness!  For my entree I ordered the Lamb palak- chunks of lamb cooked on the bones covered in curry spices and spinach sauce.  Probably one of the better Indian dishes I've had in a long time.  The meat was super tender and cooked fall off the bone perfectly, and the palak sauce was outstanding!   I also had a side of Basmati rice accompany my Lamb entree and it was the most aromatic and the most unusually long grain rice I've ever encountered.   We ordered up some naan and garlic naan bread late in our meals to soak up the flavorful sauces.  The garlic naan was soft and delicious, and had so much flavor it could stand on its own.   At the end of the meal we got to sample an Indian dessert - Rabri Kheer.   It was sweet but flavorful rice pudding topped with finely chopped pistachio.  A perfect ending to the meal.  In the future I'll probably come back in a smaller group of friends, or when nearby pick up some of that lamb and garlic naan bread for takeout.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/19/2014,74,38,1,9,5>A Buffalo staple, the only of its kind. Fabulous New York rye available on Fridays. Regular rye on the other days. Donuts flipped fresh in the back first thing every morning. Ty and the team are wonderful and accommodating. With a little notice they can prep any order you request. I got some Danishes and coffee to feed my construction workers on a rainy Saturday. Also, a strudel is a great way to offer a treat to folks I. Your office. Great bread and baked goods made the old world way, with a lot of care. Some of you may think that it is not the same since Jack and Carol sold... But Ty is doing them justice and their legacy will prevail.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/18/2014,12,82,,7,3>This place is no joke! I've waited to post on this restaurant until I had a proper tasting of their menu. What I like the most about Miss Hot Cafe is the friendly atmosphere and service. It must be good if every time I dine in here I'm the only white person in the place, right? My favorite apps are the  Ox tongue & tripe with spicy pepper, Shanghai dumplings and scallion pancake. The ox tongue dish will definitely make you sweat before your meal arrives - make sure you have plenty of water. The dumplings, oh those dumplings, they,re juicy and just plain delicious. The second you bite into them you get an explosion of juicy goodness and the pork inside is so good. Thus far my favorite entrees would have to be the shanghai shrimp, braised pork, and the salt & pepper frog legs. The shrimp is deep fried in the shell and is covered in a garlic and panko bream crumb mixture. Its crunchy, flavorful and cooked to perfection. The braised pork is cooked in some type of BBQ sauce and comes with a deep fried hard boiled egg and sauteed bok choy. If you're feeling froggy then the s&p frog legs might be your thing. They're broken down and two sections of the leg and fried until they are perfectly moist. Do yourself a favor and give Miss Hot Cafe a try
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/17/2014,90,142,2,8,8>Since I can't seem to keep my psyche out of my reviews, we will call this one my coming of age story.  Ever since I can remember I always wanted to be an epicurean.  Back when Kuni's first opened (Early 90's?) the original restaurant was on Elmwood.  At that time, long before Ahi Tuna was overfished and ubiquitously omnipresent (redundant?), sushi was prepared with an eye towards simplicity.  Back in the day the quality of sushi depended on the fish itself, not by gloppy sauces, crunchy bits or rolls which look like dragons.  Leave it to the Americans to take a healthy, minimalist meal and turn it into a fount of decadence, but I digress.  Kuni's is where I made my bones in the sushi world.  Dining there often with my best friend, now a chef, we excitingly delved into Kuni's menu, each time becoming bolder in our choice of fish.  I remember when I ordered unagi (bbq eel) for the first time.  It was probably the scariest looking thing I had ever put into my mouth (at that point)...and it was amazing.  Unagi changed my world: creamy, crusty on the outside, sweet and succulent, I realized that eel is absolutely amazing.  What other culinary wonders were there to behold?  We knew we had to push ourselves as far as we could go...where only brave men dared to tread.  We had to try the ultimate underground delicacy:  uni (sea urchin roe sack).  Mind you, this was before Iron Chef made it to American TV so we had no idea what a culinary delicacy uni was, we only knew it was the scary, yellow thing that separated the men from the boys.  We cleansed our palate with some pickled ginger, picked up the uni, dipped it into a bit of soy and took a bite.  Creamy and metallic with a hint of the sea and the texture of foam, I was in love.  Kuni's had popped my cherry turning me from a culinary boy, into to an epicurean man.  Kuni retired shortly thereafter, as sushi restaurants popped up everywhere.  Frankly, I did't blame him.  People wanted rolls where the flavor of the fish disappeared and demanded Wegman's Prêt-à-Porter sushi.  It was the day...the suuuuuushi died...and I was singing bye, bye...After that SeaBar opened, and Mike A started doing some crazy twists on sushi.  I loved what Mike was doing, but I missed Kuni's.  Kuni's was intimate and traditional, not avant garde and impersonal.  Then Kuni unretired(?) and took over the old Lexington Co-Op, but I could not bring myself to go back.  I was done with sushi; I was jaded after staring into the abyss and living to tell the tale.After years I decided to finally go back.  I mean it's planted right next to my favorite bar, I could only avoid it for so long.  I wanted to see if Kuni could still wow me after all this time.  My Wife and I sat at the bar and my eyes dilated as they began to grasp the breadth and depth of liquors behind the bar.  They had a wonderfully large selection of Saki, Shochu and Japanese Whiskey.  So I opted for a single malt Yamazaki on the rocks to help me peruse the menu, and help me it did.  I knew Kuni's is a go bold or go home kind of place, so I knew the only option for me was the large omakase, with a note to the chef that I wanted his boldest fare.  I also ordered some jellyfish and fried octopus to start, it was amazing; I didn't even know jellyfish was edible up to that point.Well Kuni did not pull back any punches with me, and provided me with a plate of the rarest delicacies I have ever eaten in a sushi restaurant.  To start, he had some of the standard fare, Ahi Tuni, Toro (fatty belly of Tuna), seared albacore and salmon.  Then he added bolder selections like octopus and Spanish Mackerel.  I have never liked Spanish Mackerel in the past as it usually has way too strong of a flavor.  This Mackerel was smooth and mild, absolutely wonderful and one of the best fish on the plate.  However, that merely whet my appetite for his rarer pairings: herring roe sack, codfish roe sack, Ika no Shiokara (Fermented Squid) and (wait for it) Monkfish liver (cue the Angelic music).  The codfish roe sack was very salty with a firm, almost rubbery texture, while the herring roe sack was also salty, but was very soft and exploded a myriad of tiny bits of roe which popped in my mouth like fishy tasting pop rocks.  These selections were a wonderful counterpoint to each other.  The fermented squid was also wonderful, and much less bold tasting then I would have imagined.  As for the crown jewel, it was definitely the monkfish liver.  It had a foie gras taste, texture and consistency with a slight hint of the sea.  It was one of the greatest things I have ever eaten.  Mark my words, monkfish liver will become the underground food sensation that uni once was.  Thank you Kuni!  Not only have you ushered me through my awkward culinary teenage years, but as a jaded, aging food lover you have once again given me something new and exciting to keep me tethered to my path: To find the world's greatest foods...and eat them.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/16/2014,82,198,3,9,4>I am pleased to report all of the things I enjoyed about SF on the visits my previous review was based on have been maintained AND I found the service fantastic on my recent several visits, even with my pink and orange pigtails. I bought an adorable, and extremely comfortable, pair of boot/high top sneaker hydrids here recently for $20 in the sale room that are excellent quality and a super shiny pvc (I'm having The Craft flashbacks) with rubber toes, an amazing durable patterned fabric on the inside and fantastic stitching and sole work. They are like goth meets future tech meets utilitarian meets urban street style, and those sort of interesting hybrids that go way beyond big box store "trendy" shoes are exactly what I expect from Shoe Fly - something eye catching and different but still very functional.  I also picked up an adorable wrist cuff for $5 I've been wearing the you know what out of. My boyfriend bought a pair of Sorel's here for the identical price they are online and he's extremely impressed with them - he also emailed in advance to find out what styles and brands of winter boots they were getting in, due to their more limited men's wear selection, and got a very nice email back full of details. This is still a place that the cheap part of me says "you can afford that, but you don't $150 need it" to non-sale items, but that is in no way to discredit the price point of  their product based on its worth. They definitely carry high-quality, durable brands with unique looks that are fashionable but stand out AND if you are a stingier person like me the sale room is a great option. Particularly if you are a label shopper, or just someone that has a small enough shoe collection durability is an important issue (I appreciate durability, but when you own 90 pairs like me it becomes less important as you aren't wearing the stuff daily or even weekly) this is definitely a stylish local alternative for in demand and hard to find brands you would normally need to get online or at high end mall stores. Personally, I get a lot of label shoes thrifted, but for those who don't this is definitely the place to get a good bang for your buck.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,1/15/2014,77,131,3,5,3>This is one of those places in Allentown that are easy to overlook.  I passed by the Lenox many times before someone convinced me to stop in for dinner.Walking in the front door, you enter a dark, underground bar.  There is a small eating area to the right and a larger dining room at the other end of the bar.  Looking to put some distance between our dining experience and the Sabres game playing in the bar, we headed for the back dining room.This place feels like it was carved out of an old Elks Lodge, complete with the HUGE mounted fish that dominates the room's decor.First impressions aside, I looked at the menu and stopped paying attention to the mounted fish. The kitchen offers weekly specials and the food is GOOD.  Once the waitstaff knows that you're there and interested in food (not just taking up a table with drinks), they are generally attentive.I've gone back a few times and the food has been consistent. The bartenders are friendly, the drinks are mixed well, and the kitchen is doing a good job.  The prices are reasonable given that this is a hotel restaurant and the quality of food served.The Lenox also gets points for being within walking distance and never needing a reservation.Now, if only they would take down the mounted fish. Ugh.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,1/14/2014,36,63,2,7,2>I LOVE Squeeze! It's so bright and cute in there, you feel refreshed just walking in! The young woman helping us out was SO very knowledgable and willing to help. She took every juice out of a cooler for us to try out and explained each one along with some of the benefits! My favorites: Alive, Lemon Song, Waterfalls (and I don't even like watermelon normally! ), and Cashew Milk. The only one I was a little on the fence about was We've got the Beet, a little earthy for my taste, but I think beets just are that way and you either like them or you don't.Anyway, there is a great list on the menu, you can make your own up, or (and this is fantastic) you can quickly grab a fresh one out of the cooler and go. There a cleanse package options too that come with a list of instructions and benefits, awesome! I can't wait to go back and cleanse, though I think I'm just a one day cleanse kinda girl... 3 days without food is a bit much for me:) Prices are fair. My only suggestion would be to offer a BYO cup or buy a reusable Squeeze cup (maybe a little discount for saving the environment and bottle cost ;) do reduce the waste from the bottles. So go in and get your Squeeze on, Buffalo!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,1/13/2014,53,252,3,8,5>Returned to give Osteria 166 another try about a week after my first visit and was THRILLED with the food and service. APPETIZERS: My husband had the stuffed-pepper clams (a take on clams casino, but a topping that mimicked spicy Italian stuffed peppers); for $11, he received a plate of 6 large clams and loved them. I tried the house burrata and charred breads ($8), consisting of fresh mozzarella filled with mascarpone served with cracked pepper, stewed tomato, charred breads, sea salt, and olive oil. A delicious VEGETARIAN** option! This dish alone would be enough for a meal.ENTREES: My husband tried the Thursday special, chicken lasagna ($17)--three cheeses, chicken tenders, tomato, and eggplant with a Parmigiano cream sauce. Loved it--and the portion was big enough to take home a serving for lunch.I had the fire-roasted beet carpaccio salad (wood fire roasted beets, arugula, frisee, goat cheese, olive oil, and lemon). The dinner portion ($9) was generous and tasty--lightly dressed, fresh, and with a nice contrast between the sweetness of the beets and saltiness of the goat cheese. (Happy to have had enough of that left over for lunch tomorrow, too!)DESSERT: We were convinced to try the house-made desserts and were SO glad we did. We had a mixed plate of fresh (hot) cinnamon doughnut holes with caramel and hot-fudge sauce;  graham-cracker crusted fried strawberries; a chocolate-pistachio tureen; and a sweet little pot of soft custard with butterscotch sauce and toasted almonds. I couldn't begin to pick a favorite--everything was delicious.Additionally, I must say that we were extremely impressed tonight by the attentive, knowledgable staff. They clearly care about the quality of their work and the experiences of their diners. We'll definitely be back!**For vegetarians, folks who are gluten-free, etc.: I spoke to the chef and he specifically mentioned that they're happy to accommodate these special needs. Just ask!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,1/12/2014,22,48,2,4,5>After doing a quick search for the best burger in Buffalo (we wanted to be the judges), Ruzzine's kept showing up on all the lists. It's located right across the street from Grover's, which shows up on these lists a lot too, so I can assume there's some friendly (or not friendly) competition going on there. All I know is that Ruzzine's grills their burgers and Grover's uses a flat top.I have never been to Grover's, but after having a burger at Ruzzine's, I don't see why that would be necessary. It was soooo good! And it was cooked perfectly. My nice juicy burger was the Southwest burger, topped with tobacco onions (little fried pieces of onions - good for the taste buds, bad for the belly), pepper jack cheese, and bacon. The burger comes with ranch on it too, but I got it without and got BBQ on the side instead. It also comes with shredded lettuce and a tomato already on it.The only small complaint I had about Ruzzine's was the waitress we had. She was very nice, but I don't think I saw her crack a smile once. Except maybe when she saw the tip we left.Other than that, we had a great time. The restaurant is an old home converted into a nice, cozy restaurant (I think). Highly recommended!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,1/11/2014,56,82,,7,2>I went to the Screening Room for their Sci-Fi movie night, and I was wildly impressed (enough that I went back the following evening for a regular screening). The price is definitely right. For a double feature of Gattaca and The Day the Earth Stood Still (the original) it cost just $10... $8 for me since I found out about it through Meetup. When I came the following evening for Murder on the Orient Express the tickets were just $5 each. A tub of popcorn is $3.75, a far cry from the Regal or AMC where a large popcorn is running somewhere in the neighborhood of $10.  Other reviewers were right that it's hard to find. I think it's particularly tricky because when I read "Northtown Plaza" I assumed it was part of the shopping plaza, but there is a separate business plaza off to the side. The Screening Room is probably accessed most easily by turning into the parking lot on Bailey. The decor is cute. There is a row of comfy-looking chairs in the front with tables and standard chairs lined up behind it. The walls are decorated with old movie posters and lights, and there is a concession stand tucked in the back corner. I've been back a few times, and each time I'm a little more impressed.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,1/10/2014,28,28,2,8,5>Gosh darn, I think they've got it! Love to eat at joes deli for lunch because its quick and delicious. I tried their soup for the first time and it was delicious! Southern chicken style with corn and black beans with a flavorful stock. The chicken was pulled not cubed like the fake stuff in cans. I got the Johnny be good wrap bc it had fried avocado in it! Delicious! I did ask for no tomatoes but they forgot :-( but the service is fantastic the girl who made my wrap came to my table and realized she put them on and offered to make a brand new one for me. I said no thanks bc they were pretty small and I wasn't allergic or anything  so it was no big deal I just took then out. The servings of food are pretty big too I can never finish mine sink usually save Hal for later  great value too
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,1/9/2014,39,92,2,6,2>I've been there a few times now and each time the service was stellar! The waitstaff really know their stuff and are extremely professional! I have ordered the bistro steak, the beef tenderloin au poivre, and my bf has always ordered the 14 oz bone-in filet (not including bone weight). All of our experiences were great, although just recently, they have changed their bread baskets to one giant bread basket which one bus boy carries around the restaurant with him to put on people's plates (instead of the usual bread basket per table). Personally, even though I think it's a good idea (reduce waste), I think it's a bit "low-rent" for an upscale restaurant. Not only should each table get their own basket of bread, they should be fresh and heated, not cold and stale sitting in one giant basket!Other than that, the sides are not a-la-carte, which is nice. So with your steak you typically get a little bit of potatoes/fries, and mixed vegetables. We do always order sauteed onions and mushrooms on the side though just because. The lobster and shrimp bisque is delicious, although the french onion soup isn't the best. The side salads are also nothing special so I would recommend skipping those as well. Save room for dessert! I know I will try to next time! Still have never ordered dessert yet! They also have a reasonably priced wine list.All in all, I have never had bad food or service there, and they have valet! You definitely get your money's worth if you're looking for a good steak!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,1/8/2014,58,72,7,8,6>This place saved my DAY today!I was driving by the unassuming restaurant on a motorcycle when I noticed 2 things.. 1. I was starving2. It was about to stormNeeding to get home before getting soaked, but knowing I had no groceries to feed myself with.. I stopped in hoping they could help.  I was met with a warm staff and once I explained my situation, they were more than accommodating.  I ended up getting 2 rolls picked mainly by the waitress assisting me, she said they'd be fast, and delicious.  When they came out, (about a 5 minute wait), they were all rolled up in kling wrap ready for me to put in the (very) small amount of storage I had available on a Ducati.This made my day, I had dinner, I would be home before the storm, and now I was excited to try the rolls.  The food matched the service, especially given that I rode the rolls home wrapped in food film.. each roll was deliberate and stood out way above the common buffalo standard of Wegmans sushi.. All in all, I'm looking forward to going back and giving Sakura a proper try as they saved my butt and gave me a great dinner all within 15 minutes of me discovering them.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,1/7/2014,19,28,4,11,5>When a new restaurant opens Downtown, I am always anxious to check out the new addition to the neighborhood ASAP. Such is the case here with the Archer, which has only been open 2 short weeks. You never know what to expect with a new restaurant, and I've been sorely disappointed before (see Perfetto), but the Archer delivered for us last night and I will be back, many more times. A group of 5 of us dined there last night. With not much going on Downtown this weekend aside from a Bandits game, I had no trouble procuring a reservation earlier in the day with a very kind host on the phone. When we arrived for our dinner, I am sad to say that we were only 1 of 2 parties in the restaurant. I don't think this place has done a lot of marketing yet and it is probably still in a "soft opening" stage, but I do hope to see a lot more tables filled next time I come here- they deserve it. We started off by ordering the Spinach & Artichoke dip and Welsh Rarebit (soft pretzels and melted beer & cheese dip) appetizers - both very simple dishes found in  many restaurants, but impeccably executed here. Both were full of flavor and finished by the table in minutes. Even the side salads and sunflower seed bread (with a delicious spread that I *think* was butter mixed with cinnamon and some other deliciousness) was excellent. For my entree both my friend and I had the Cavatappi with Grilled Chicken (pasta tossed with a basil pesto cream sauce)- I was very impressed, it was delicious and despite being completely stuffed I had every desire to finish my plate (I didn't, but I took the leftovers home, no way am I letting that go to waste). My husband had the Salmon, which was topped with Brie and cranberries- I didn't have much of a chance to ask him how it was before I looked over and his plate was empty. He said it was excellent- prepared perfectly, and the cranberries and rice were a great compliment. My other two friends who joined us had the Pasta Puttanesca and the Elk special, respectively. Again, they both enjoyed their dishes very much. The Elk came with a side of smashed potatoes that looked so creamy I wanted to sneak my fork over there to try them- but before I knew it they were gone! The wait staff was attentive and kind- no complaints from our end. The interior of the restaurant is warm and inviting, with just enough urban charm to fit the location. We took the train down from the Fountain Plaza station- which is free above ground, BTW- the Archer is so easy to access as it's in front of the Seneca Station. Aside from what we ordered, the menu is perfect for Buffalo and it's location- some classy dishes for a nice night out mixed with burgers and wings for the First Niagara Center and Coca-Cola Field crowds. I honestly can't wait to go back and try the Bavarian Beer Burger!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,1/6/2014,6,28,2,8,2>There was a time when I associated "gourmet desserts" with what was on offer at the local supermarkets. Those simple cakes and treats were all I needed and at a very friendly price. The very notion of visiting a dedicated bakery caused my stomach to turn-- after all, who had the truckloads of money necessary to have a simple cake made to order at one of these places?Then I met my fiance, who was already a dedicated fan of Muscoreil's. At her request, I visited the bakery for the first time in 2009 to have a birthday cake made for her. For starters, the service was immediate, friendly, and very helpful with what I needed.The cost for the cake was VERY competitive (well under $40 for the amount of people it fed, even with the special decorations) and the taste itself was delicious. Muscoreil's became standard for birthday cake shopping. Fast forward to 2013, and I've yet leave the store with a bad experience.Now that my fiance and I are in the middle of wedding planning, we designated Muscoreil's as our choice for the wedding cake. We recently visited them for a scheduled cake testing. The owner (Dan Muscoreil, I believe) greeted us in a very cozy side room, and guided us (or my fiance, rather) through the process of determining what she wanted. Being the cost-minded person that I am, I was relieved to hear that we could have a three-layer cake plus a 100 person sheet cake for under $400. This included delivery and the design my fiance decided upon.Of course the main part of the cake testing is the tasting, right? We were given a plate of four flavors-- chocolate with chocolate ganache, white chocolate chip marble, white almond raspberry cream (I butcher that one, even though it's my fiance's favorite choice), and white with strawberry cream filling. Each flavor was delicious in their own respect, but we ultimately went with the chocolate chip marble for the sheet and raspberry cream for the main cake.I've heard (here on Yelp and through word of mouth) bad things about this place, but I have yet to encounter anything resembling as such. I can't speak to their restaurant area, but you can't go wrong if you're in the market for a delicious, cheap cake.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/5/2014,33,69,1,7,5>I love the English Pork Pie Company.I didn't realize how much I missed going to the bakery for a pasty when I lived in England until I popped into the Pie Shop one day over the summer. Walking in to the factory and having my meat pie there, I felt like I was an employee taking my lunch break, but as soon as I had my first bite, I was transported back to England. It's total comfort food for me.The pastry is perfect and the fillings are delicious. I like the steak and ale but the last time I popped in, Chicken Tikka was the pie of the day and it was delicious too. Because the shop is a bit out of my way, I am happy that they sell their pies at my local Tops store under the label Pie Mad. The offerings are a little more "american" but they are still delicious. Mmmm... now I want a meat pie.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,1/4/2014,96,50,3,15,8>this-is-as-authentic-as-it-gets-right-down-to-the-friendly-staff-and-patrons-the-glasses-the-tablecloths-and-the-food-it-is-like-walking-into-a-typical-little-place-anywhere-in-what-was-one-yugoslavia-specifically-and-proudly-bosnian-balkan-dining-has-some-of-the-best-cevapi-ive-ever-had-small-spiced-sausages-served-in-fresh-delicious-tender-pita-bread-with-onions-and-ajvar-on-the-side-the-burek-is-fantastic-as-well-like-a-thicker-denser-phyllo-dough-stuffed-with-meat-potatoes-cheese-mushrooms-or-spinach-the-baklava-was-a-very-delicious-and-simple-square-of-honey-and-walnuts-and-well-be-back-for-the-poached-apple-with-walnuts-this-little-place-is-in-ambiance-and-food-as-close-as-youll-get-to-flying-to-bosnia-for-the-day-note-there-is-no-alcohol-yet-and-they-dont-take-plastic-theres-an-atm-across-the-street
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,1/3/2014,100,61,6,5,4>Jim's is a pillar of the late night, less-than-sober, scene when it comes to deliciousness. You may hate yourself tomorrow, but I bet it probably has more to do with the bars you visited before Jim's and the cocktails you consumed. I visited Jim's as a college student, I visited Jim's on the night of my Bachelor party (Shhh!!!!), and I still visit Jim's when I have to go in to work an overnight shift and I want to take a sandwich.They wear T-shirt's that say "I see drunk people". They all yell thank you when you drop a decent tip and the cashier shout's "SAY THANK YOU!" It's not the Ritz. It's still amazingly good! They do have to herd a decent amount of intoxicated folks, but that's either you or it's not your problem.I love that when I wake up at 3 am and stop by Jim's on the way to work I can say "Hey I'm on my way to work..." and they reply with "He's going to work! Make his sandwich so he can get going!" and they mean it. Their clientelle may be a bit foggy, but Jim's staff is always on their game.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/2/2014,267,183,2,6,5>With all the Pizza joints in Buffalo, I have tried two so far. Pats Pizzeria and Marias Pizzeria. The latter two are located in Angola. My partners neighbor was raving about Imperial Pizza. It is about a 20-25minute drive there from Angola, but let me tell you, it's WORTH It.I decided to place a phone order on a Sunday when the Buffalo Bills was playing. I ordered 2 large Pizzas and a bucket of wings. Came out to about $66. When said it will take about 25minutes. So I get in my truck and start to head down. I take the Thruway because it was the fastest and most direct route there. When I finally pull up, There is almost no parking especially because I drove down a full size pickup.The guys working the counter was fast at helping other people in front of me. When It's my turn, I say I have a phone order. And they pull my order from the back. I pay and now I'm on my way home. Man the drive home was brutal. My stomach was growling so hard from the smell of the chicken and the pizza. When I finally get home, we crack open the box and it was heaven! The pizza smelt great and the wings was cooked just right. A bucket of wings was 50 pieces. I did 40 medium and 10 honey mustard. I will have to say, it was the best medium spicy and honey mustard wings I have ever tried, hands down. The pizza, oh boy, the pizza. We ordered Cheese, Mushroom and pepperoni.  There was a lot of cheese which I wish they would bring it back a little, but the mushroom and pepperoni was on point. Each bite I got had very large pieces of pepperoni and mushroom. The sauce that they use in their pizza too is pretty fantastic.All I can say, Imperial Pizza has got to be one of the best pizza places I have tried so far in Buffalo, NY. If your looking for a new pizza place to try out, this is most definitely worth trying out, and worth the drive most defiantly! From now on, when I want a pizza, I will drive 25 minutes to Imperial for sure!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/1/2014,32,110,3,5,4>I can't begin to express the sheer delight of having discovered this Village gem! The atmosphere is quiet and subdued, not boring, serene really. The decor is understated, thoughtfully placed objets d'art add interest, along with quiet jazzy music overhead. Faux finished walls and modern furniture add a European cafe feel. We were greeted in a friendly way and seated by an enthusiastic server who clearly was thrilled to be working at such a successful new restaurant, particularly when she realized it was my first visit. She raved about every menu item,  even suggesting they package orders to go if I could not decide. She was a prefect Breakin' Eggs goodwill ambassador and should be dubbed Sales Expert. My companion ordered a savory crepe dish, Eggs Benedict, as the server was nearly giddy describing its incredible flavors, with a perfect sauce over peameal bacon and a duo of perfectly poached eggs. I ordered a sweet crepe --so we could switch plates mid-way--filled with strawberries and blueberries, and it was no blob of canned pie filling, no ma'am, this was the REAL deal! If you've ever had a homemade crepe, you'll recognize the delicate flavor and texture. Chain restaurant crepes do NOT count, those are not actual crepes.Each plate was garnished like a professional food stylist was in the house: generous portions of fresh cut fruit included kiwi, cantaloupe, watermelon slice, grapefruit slice, orange slice, strawberries and blueberries. The hot crepe was served with a dollop of whipped cream on the edge, with a sprig of mint standing there. Please see picture for eye candy!The Eggs Benedict were over the top delicious. Perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented. The potatoes were real chunks of skin-on red potatoes, seasoned just right and cooked without a heavy or greasy palette. As for prices, expect to spend around $15 per person, including tip. After all, there is no quality compromise, only wholesome, fresh and delicious food, prepared by experts, served fresh and hot. To sum up Breakin' Eggs, just real food, real good. Top service, fabulous food, a true yay! as good as it gets! five star rating from this yelper.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,12/31/2013,122,85,,8,5>To my knowledge there is no other establishment in Buffalo quite like Kcafe. Recently opened on Niagara Falls Blvd, the owner brings creative street food styled Korean cuisine to the quant corner restaurant. They serve up fare including piled high burgers, Korean tacos, wings, and grilled cheese I would describe as "far from the kids menu." The atmosphere was quiet and service was prompt. After giving our orders to the server we received complimentary chips and salsa. A friend and started with the Kogi Fries gangnam style ($5.99), which reminds me of an Asian version of carne asada fries (found in Southern California). The fries came loaded with burger meat, bacon, green onion, caramelized house kimchi, along with two dipping sauces - their house made spicy mayo and house made Kcafe ketchup. It was heavy and delicious as expected. I went with the Kcafe 50/50 burger ($7.99) which contains 50% beef and 50% bacon patty topped with cheese, fried egg, fried onion, bacon, their signature bacon-avocado mash, and their homemade spicy mayo and ketchup. It was served up with a side of crisp fries. This mad scientist creation of textures and flavors made for another experience. My friend went with The California grilled cheese ($7.99) featuring BBQ chicken, bacon, avocado mash, chef's cheese choice, and garlic mayo. Served up on a seasoned French bread with the fresh tomato inside was more like a BLT with chicken than a classic thin pressed grilled cheese. I give Kcafe a high rating for several reasons - it's unique, it's high quality, and it's affordable. Portions are also a buffalo large!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/30/2013,57,144,8,9,6>I LOVE this place. We went there last night and upon entering, found that there were no places to sit and eat. There was one high top table without chairs and the friendly staff found some in five minutes when we were about to give up and leave.The specialty drinks were great. I recommend the Gypsy Juice with Gin (you can choose your liquor) or the Witch's Brew.From the menu, we sampled the poutine as an appetizer. I had the Pastelillos and the Burmese Spring Rolls as my dinner. My boyfriend had the Black Sheep Burger which came loaded with a beet/cabbage slaw. Everything tasted incredibly fresh.Ah, but the ambiance! This really makes the place. It's dim lighting, performance area and old photographs that adorn the walls just made it perfect; the type of design I myself would go with if designing a lounge. This place could be trouble for me if I lived within walking distance. I will definitely be back.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,12/29/2013,40,174,,6,3>Went here with a girlfriend who lives in the area. I got a regular manicure + pedicure for 35 bucks. We went around 1230 on a Sunday and the place had just emptied! Yays! It was so quiet and peaceful in there. We started with pedicures. I've never had one before and it was relaxing without being too ticklish or aggressive. Then I got my manicure by the same technician. I could tell she was a talkative person but I like to just sit. After a few attempts at trying to talk to me I think she got the hint LOL. She did a really nice job.Overall: I really appreciated how even though this place did get busy after we got there, they didn't rush our services along like most places would. They still gave us our time and didn't skimp on any of the steps. I also liked how the tech asked if I liked the shape and the outcome of each process before she moved on to the next step. How awesome! I also liked how the place was clean, unpretentious and had Pandora on the speakers.I would definitely come back here for a full set or gel nails. Looking at the other ladies' nails, this place is the place to go. Too bad its sooo far from my house! If I could afford it, I'd come out here every time to get my nails done!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2013,12/28/2013,268,183,,6,4>Bar Louie's is great for their happy hours and $1 burger Tuesdays. I love a cheap happy hour because college students are always hungry and broke.Happy hours are half off their appetizers, $3 beers, $4 wines, and $5 martinis. There's something for everyone. And there are plenty of TV screens for your sports fans! What can be better? Also this location is right across the mall, so all that money you save, you can squander on other things at the Galleria. Woohoo!What still blows my mind is how they have $1 burgers on Tuesdays! Not sliders, BURGERS! You can add anything from guacamole to bacon for a little extra. In the end, my burger was probably $3, but it was still cheap and delicious! One was filling enough for me, with the appetizers we ordered. We had the bruschetta, which came in a HUGE martini glass and flat bread dipped in a circle around the rim. I've never seen anything like it, but it was interesting. I've also had experience with their extensive martini menu (there's like 14 or 16 on there?). The S'mores is a great choice if you're looking for something sweet and chocolate-y. The Diva is better if you're looking for something stronger but still fruity and sweet, and for those who like the fruity drinks with less alcohol, I'd go for the Tickled Pink or Strawberry Peach Bellini. I also really like their mango mojito, but I don't think that is part of the happy hour menu. In addition, they have a wide variety of beers on tap and decent wine selection. Like I said, something for everyone.Service has always been fairly solid, and time from ordering to receiving food is always reasonable. I probably wouldn't come back unless it's happy hour, but good thing is that there's midafternoon and late night happy hour!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/27/2013,18,57,5,7,2>Brave souls paving new ground. The most impressive thing that the boys at Lockhouse achieved, aside from actually getting a legal distillery up and running in Buffalo, is that the product (currently only Vodka is available, gin and rye whiskey are in the works) is of stunning quality. When it goes on sale again, don't wait, go snag yourself a bottle!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,12/26/2013,16,30,3,7,4>What a nice surprise! Més Que is a tiny little bit of Europe in the neighborhood. Food is outstanding, wine and beer list is outstanding, and they show proper football (soccer for American readers). Décor is great, service is outstanding. I've said once if I've said it 1,000 times, bars and restaurants in Buffalo have to cater to a very low-end, provincial crowd. If Buffaloanians believe a place to be too *fancy* or expensive (even if it isn't) it won't do well (just read some of the reviews above). Más Que is very un-Buffalo, on the chill and quiet side, so if you're looking for an obnoxious "sports" bar that shows Bills games and serves greasy trash to loud, obese "fans" with 50 cent drafts, then stay in your own neighborhood, this place isn't for you. However if you'd enjoy a fine relaxed evening in the company of other sport (notice there is no "s" there) aficionados, with some fine food and drinks without breaking the bank, this place is a real gem and an outstanding addition to the Hertel strip.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,12/25/2013,27,54,,5,4>In a moments notice, Heritage Locksmith has come to my business to change locks, my home in an urgent situation, made my friend a key for his car so he could get to work in the morning, and (many) more.  Having used this service about a dozen times, I am certain there is literally no job they can't do!  And fast.Prices are great, service is awesome.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,12/24/2013,31,25,2,4,3>Crista is a WIZARD!In the past, I've had people shape my eyebrows nicely but they didn't really look like me. Thanks to Crista, I don't just have beautifully shaped eyebrows, but they fit my face perfectly. She was careful with proportions, asked good questions about my preferences, and what my eyebrows should say about me. I've never had a more thorough or personalized waxing. She is phenomenal... attentive to her clients with incredible skill. This is TRULY as good as it gets.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,12/23/2013,168,1331,1,9,5>Authentic Chinese Dumplings - Seriously goodWe found Jolie at the North Tonawanda Farmer's Market one day last summer.  Her dumplings are fantastic.  We have tried the vege, pork, chicken ones.  While we love them all, the pork and vege go faster in this house, but they all get eaten.  She sells them already cooked or frozen.  If you pick up a bag of the frozen (which we often do), keep them frozen until ready to cook.  We have "sauteed" them, heated them in the toaster oven, browned them in the oven, all methods are good.  Be sure to get some of the dipping sauce as well, its very good.  After the market last summer, Jolie could be found at the Horsefeathers Winter Market while it was open, and the Westside Bazaar for a short time.She liked the Connecticut Street Horsefeathers Winter Market location so much she opened up shop there!  Next to Blackbird Cupcakes and Press Raw Food and Juice.  She left the Westside Bazaar, but she does still do the Farmers Market on Saturdays with her son.She has expanded her menu to make some other traditional Chinese food, that which we have tried has been terrific.  Her menu has been expanding and each time there is a new offering.  You have two choices here - one is ready made and ready to eat food, the other is frozen to cook at home later. There are a few seats in this cute space in the market.  Stop by here, grab a lunch or dinner, and then get dessert at Blackbird Cupcakes.  One stop shopping!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,12/22/2013,4,12,,3,3>Hidden gem on Elmwood Avenue!  Dozens of varieties of coffee flavors that are brewed on the premises.  My only complaint about this place is that if you're trying to get coffee before going to work, the store is frequently closed as the owner tends to open his store 10-15 minutes past the store's opening time (which I believe is 8:30am).  For most of us, that's a few minutes too late as we can't be late for work.  If that's not a concern, definitely give this place a try.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/21/2013,32,67,,7,3>With a gift certificate in hand, I tried BCH for the first time this weekend. The staff was very friendly, from the valet to the hostess to the waiter. Valet is a courtesy for diners, so don't worry about finding parking downtown. Just pull in and let them take care of that for you!The food was quite tasty. I ordered the filet and it was honestly the best steak I have ever tasted. (And not to brag, but I typically make a pretty awesome steak at home.) The rub was fantastic and I'm still trying to figure out what the secret ingredient is that gave it just a little extra kick. So tasty!Everything on the menu is a la carte (and pricey), but the appetizers and sides are large enough to split between two people. (Two people who are hungry and like to eat, not two people who are watching their figure.)Overall, I think the prices are a bit much -- especially for the main entrees. (Which is why it took me a gift certificate to eat here.) However, if you're looking to splurge on a special night out, the staff and food at BCH are both excellent.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2013,12/20/2013,27,50,2,7,2>Food - 4+ starsValue - 4+ starsCleanliness - Uggh!*Cash only*First off, this food is REALLY good. Went with my usual Guaco taco ($2.05) and an order of chips ($2.20). The Guaco is a soft shell taco with guacamole, lettuce, sprouts, cheese, tomato and sesame seeds. Lone Star's guacamole is awesome! It's always fresh and house made with good sized chunks of perfectly firm avocados. The portion of quac fills the taco shell. It's super tasty. Their chips are also house made and usually made to order. They are my kind of chips - crisp, crunchy, natural (unseasoned) with a nice thickness and corn taste. Their house made salsa and Pico de gallo is available self-serve. Again, always fresh.The food comes out very quickly and I've always experienced very friendly, efficient service.This place is a no-frills, get-what-you-pay-for dive. That is it's charm and that's what keeps people coming back. Food and value all the way. Cleanliness.....not so much. A little time and investment could go a long way here -- I'm just not sure that they care that much. The biggest gross out -- the aprons that the cooks wear!! Every time I've been in there the cook of the day is wearing an apron that looks like it hasn't been washed in a year. We're talking layers of CAKED on, crusted food. It's disgusting!! I can't believe that they get away with that....or that they'd want to!PLEASE, please wear clean aprons and change them often. Someone is going to get sick.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,12/19/2013,82,148,6,8,9>How many people get excited to go to the grocery store?  Count me among that number, as going to Guercio's, as often as it happens, so often counts as a highlight of my day.  See, when I visit, I know that I will bet getting the best produce and some of the finest Italian specialty goods that money can buy for a pittance of what the same things would cost me at Wegman's (if even available), let alone an importer in Brooklyn or a D'Agostini's or Zabar's in Manhattan.  More than that, I know I will be in and out quickly thanks to the staff's pride in efficiency.  More than that, I leave with the knowledge that I have spent my some-odd dollars and some-odd cents patronizing a fantastic local business of historic proportion.When Guercio's arrived on the scene, it was one of many such stores on or near Grant Street, a newbie, a latecomer.  As the city emptiecd and so many residents fled the suburbs, people began to see it as a straggler, a holdout.  The neighborhood population and its remnant's affluence declined, and Guercio's transformed itself into a wholesaler of import, stocking the kitchens and larders of the city's best restaurants.  And so it endured, slowly and steadily expanding until the city came full circle.  From latecomer, to straggler, to outpost, to institution, Guercio's has endured because it does what it does very, very well.Occupying the combined confines of several adjoining buildings, Guercio's can best be imagined as divided into several sections: (1) produce, (2) fresh items, (3) grocery, and (4) deli.  For me, the highlight of the Guercio's is its produce by far.  They source and package almost everything themselves, and their offerings are of fantastic quality and superb value.  Avocados are a dollar each, when they could otherwise be found at $1.29 apiece at Trader Joe's and yet more at Tops and Wegman's.  Mesculun runs at less than $4.00 a pound. Arugula remains high at just under $11.40 a pound, but I must impart that their arugula is the tastiest leafy green I have ingested since leaving Japan nearly five years ago, possessing all of the spice and crunch that encyclopedia entries long insisted it possesses, that actual offerings from Whole Foods and Wegman's have so often refuted.  From fresh basil to eggplant, leeks, scallions, fruits of all type, Guercio's has it covered.The next section of the store, what I have labeled "fresh items" consists of an amply stocked cheese refrigerator and a wide assortment of baked goods.  I can't speak well to the cheeses section, but the baked goods section is singularly distinctive.  Along with stocking locally produced breads of all sorts and sweet treats both locally produced and imported from New York City, they have also continually stocked long Luigi rolls, a multifold improvement on the roll offerings available at any other local grocery store.  Marvelously doughy on the inside yet ever so slightly crunchy on the outside, these 75 cent each delicacies make the perfect canvas for any sandwich artist, are so good that I have often found myself chowing down on them alone with just a tad of olive oil.The grocery section contains all the staples, although it admittedly doesn't possess the redundancy of the much larger markets.  However, the breadth of its Italian goods aisles, replete with an array of pastas, sauces, garnishes, sweets, meats, and so on surpasses the selections of any of its competitors.  And it offers many of these items at breathtaking prices.  Some items, like sauces and pastas, actually are produced in-house as well.  Among sauces, the dandelion tomato and portabella mushroom tomato deserve special distinction.  Their selection of generically packed couscous and nuts number among their better grocery items.  Continue through the aisles, and you may also be surprised by the sheer number of locally produced items, from Gondola tortellini to Pasta Peddler linguini, and so forth.  Lastly, Guercio's has also recently dedicated ever more space to items of Southeast Asia, catering to an increasingly large neighborhood constituency helping to fuel the Grant Street renaissance.  Sadly, I cannot speak much to the deli section of the store as I don't regularly eat cold cuts, but I must comment that aside from canned meats and bacon, the deli counter is the only place in the store to offer any kind of meat whatsoever, providing the usual staples, some excellent capicolo, and individual sausage links (I believe from Mineo and Sapio's, a local Italian sausage maker).Honestly, you have probably already tried many of Guercio's produce and cheese offerings at restaurants such as Tempo, Mother's, Hutch's, and Left Bank.  You probably thought to yourself, "Wow, this is excellent.  This is incredibly fresh.  I wonder where they get their produce from."  From Guercio's.  Do your belly a favor and stop by.  Guercio's isn't "five star for Buffalo."  This West Side institution would earn five stars no matter what city it was in.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,12/18/2013,88,22,1,7,3>A few Saturday's ago my husband and I walked here for breakfast due to the long wait at Acropolis and we were pleasantly surprised. The hostess sat us immediately (at a window seat to boot), and we quickly ordered our food. We both ordered the chicken souvlaki breakfast ($8.99) and it was a huge portion, served with crunchy homefries, your choice of bread, eggs and tzatziki. Needless to say we had a lot of leftovers to take home. The food did take a bit to come out, but our server came and checked on us several times which made the wait seem more bearable. Overall it was a very pleasant experience and we'll definitely keep them in mind next time we're in search of a breakfast joint.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/17/2013,116,274,1,8,4>First of all I have to address our waitress Grace. Great service should always be recognized because it simply enhances the total experience. Her recommendations was spectacular and you were polite, promote and professional. We simply loved you. Thank you!I have traveled all over the United States and I have been to almost every 5 star establishments within those states and I must say that this place could compete with any of them. The food is excellent. Get the Korean short ribs. They need to just make that a meal because it so darn good. Also the Lodge Burger was so juicy and delicious, it was stuffed with roasted garlic and you could actually taste the garlic. It was just the right amount, not overpowering. I will probably get it again when I return. I know I should try something different but it's so hard when you find good stuff. The atmosphere is spectacular. The décor is chic and perfect. Buffalo is definitely coming up and I am so happy to be here for the change.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,12/16/2013,69,102,,4,2>I'm really glad that this is on Elmwood--we need more shops like this that can afford to stay open. Ever since their addition, their inventory has not only doubled in the mens section, but in my opinion has gotten a lot better.  I have done a lot of business here as far as consignment goes. I bring in bags of things I no longer want, they go through and take what they think they can sell, it's pretty easy peasy. I like this place far better than Pandora's closet, mostly because they like vintage items, and I have a lot of vintage clothes. I do appreciate the more modern or contemporary items they have as well. Sometimes I think prices are a little steep, but it's pretty good overall for the area. Also, selling items is super simple. Once I relinquish my goods and they put them up for sale, I check about once a month or so to see if they have sold. If they have, they write me a check on the spot, pretty good deal...and if I want to use my earnings on store purchases, I get a higher return. If you're looking to make some extra cash or revamp your wardrobe, I'd suggest checking it out. :)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,12/15/2013,91,62,2,5,5>Lafayette Square was one of the original public spaces which was created by Joseph Ellicott's Buffalo urban master plan in 1804. The square was previously named Court House Park and it is located in the center of Buffalo. It was lined by some of the tallest buildings in the area during the 1800's. This park also displays the beautiful monument called "Soldiers and Sailors" which was created in memory of the Civil War. Court House Park was renamed Lafayette Square in honor of WW1 General Lafayette who visited Buffalo in 1825. President Abraham Lincoln also gave a speech and publicly addressed Buffalonians here. Lots of Buffalo history here and the monument is really worth seeing close up and personal.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/14/2013,594,380,2,4,4>I love D'Avolios.  As I type this I am enjoying some coconut balsamic vinegar that is just to die for.  This shop on Elmwood is so quaint inside.  Hardwood floors throughout and loaded with delicious oils, vinegars and spices.  They have bread and popcorn to sample the different flavors.  Some of my favorite vinegars are the cinnamon pear, espresso, grapefruit, oregano and red apple.  The oils I love are the basil, blood orange, garlic, wild mushroom and sage.  They have little gift packages as well, it's the perfect place to shop for the holidays.  They give punch cards as well for a little incentive.  I think this place is just so charming!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/13/2013,96,404,3,13,4>I think I found the PERFECT diner! Yeah...I know...it wasn't exactly MY find.... many, many, MANY people had eaten here before I did.  Heck....the place was even featured on television!  But it was my first time, so it was all new to me.I followed the advice of my fellow Yelpers and didn't go on the weekend, but instead decided to visit for a mid-week lunch. And, yay!  There was a table available....just one... but, that's all that was necessary.My dining companion and I ordered LOTS of food because I wanted to try LOTS of things (and he was willing to try them right along with me).  We ordered so much, in fact, that I asked the (very friendly) waitress not to judge us... at least until she left the table.We happily sampled the homemade toast, the REAL (not from a can!!!) corned beef hash, home-fried potatoes, a pumpkin-walnut pancake (yup...just one...you can get any "pancake of the day" for just over a buck), and the "Giambotta" (homemade Italian sausage, peppers, onions, hot peppers, garlic, and potatoes scrambled up with two eggs) and for us, topped with feta cheese (oh my!!!).And the verdict:  EVERYTHING was AMAZING!  The portions were huge (we brought nearly half of the food home.... and the waitress even gave us reheating suggestions), the flavors were GREAT, and the prices were reasonable. Like I said.... the PERFECT diner!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,12/12/2013,166,110,,8,6>I love this place and don't know why it isn't more full. Oh well, less choas for me and my family. It is super cute and has an old fashion candy store feel! My family and I often walk or ride bikes to this store to get a special after dinner ice cream. I don't think they advertise it enough but this owner also owns "Sweet Jenny's" ice cream. Sweet Jenny's is the best ice cream in the Williamsville Village, dare I say in Buffalo. So not surprisingly they sell the same ice cream at this place. The ice cream is the best, honestly it doesn't get any better. Oh and for a tip, just get the baby cone it is a ton of ice cream at a great price of $1.99. Ocaissionly, I'll get some chocalates for a fancy gift.  All the candy looks and tastes great from the little bit I have had.The employee's are always real nice, every time we go in we always get in good conversations with the employees. If your looking for a quick treat or fancy inexpensive gift this is the place.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,12/11/2013,72,177,2,5,2>I had a delicious dinner here last night. It really hit the spot.I ordered a "stuffed pizza" which is really a deep-dish style pizza, not a pizza with a crust on top and bottom. The crust has a high edge and the cheese and other toppings are directly on the crust with the sauce poured on top. My toppings were soy cheese and soy sausage and my pizza was delicious. This is exactly where I want to come when I am craving vegan pizza. It really felt like eating pizza. I ordered a tiny but next time I will have to order a medium so I have leftovers to take home.I ordered my pizza first and when I tried to order the vegi-whings, the waitress very helpfully pointed out that they are not vegan. She just knew from my soy cheese that I might be interested in that tidbit and I was. I really appreciate attentive waitstaff. They were out of vegan cheesecake, which was a bummer because I wanted to try everything, but not so big a deal because I was plenty full.They have some nice beers on tap, which hubs appreciated, but apparently Transit Road has a better list.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/10/2013,87,124,3,3,2>Oh gosh! Sterling Place has been on my list if places to try for a long time. I even live in North Buffalo and have had trouble getting here. Let's start with the fact that they don't have a phone... Or a website.... Or consistent hours. But that's probably because they are doing so well and don't care to! Anywho multiple tries later I made it in to eat. When I walked in I was like ohhhh boy this might not be what we were hoping for. It's a serious dive. Two chalkboards hold the small menu and there is a medium sized bar. My interest peaked with the small menu because that usually means there's more attention & love added to those items. Score! I ordered what I've been waiting to try... The cheeseburger. And DAMN. That was absolutely delicious! I judged and praised this simple American cheeseburger in the fact that I didn't need to dip in ketchup or hot sauce or any condiment whatsoever for the entire burger. It was just that flavorful! And to add the sides are homemade as well? And just as yummy? I was freaking surprised! And happy. And can I say challenged to thinking that this may supersede the burger I formerly named as the best in Buffalo?! Oh just find some time in Sterling's limited time to go eat one of these bad boys! No questions!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,12/9/2013,131,134,,6,3>I was very impressed by my experience at Shango. My roommate and I went as a celebratory event, having seen it many times while driving by. Kind of tucked away in the middle of a block on Main St. across from UB South, we didn't really think it would be as good as people said it was. It definitely was. My roommate and I both ordered an items off of their specials lists (which had pretty exotic sounding plates) as well as drinks. The food came out and it was delicious - and had the cajun kick we were craving. As for the service, the waitress had forgotten our appetizer order, and was very quick to apologize, even offering my roommate a free drink to make up for the mistake. I have gone here before for just drinks, and I can say this type of great service is not just a one time phenomenon. The servers are really great. If you are in that area, or craving some classier cajun food, I definitely recommend you give Shango a taste.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,12/8/2013,69,70,,2,3>OMG! I LOVE El Palenque! As a Hispanic girl who doesn't really indulge in Mexican food (mostly because my stomach has had terrible problems trying various REAL Mexican places in NYC lol.. if you know me, you know my stomach is very sensitive to people not washing their hands, dirty conditions, etc), I thought this place was amazing! I don't generally like Mexican food cause it's "easy-to-eat" food, meaning chopped up into itty baby size bites. SALSAWOW. Just WOW. The salsa is amazing! My boyfriend's family always come here to buy 2 containers of salsa to keep at home. They average around $8 bucks i think for a tall container...which is not bad considering a small jar of Tostitos salsa is like $6, plus this is WAY TASTIER! Also, the salsa is made FRESH every morning, so it will always taste slightly different, maybe more spicy, more cilantroy, etc. mmmm so YUMMY!FOODI personally like coming during the Lunch Specials (Mon-Sat 11am~2:30pm) Because I like to order special #20 ($6.69). Chicken picao (chicken cut up) with rice, lettuce, guacamole, tomato, y ranchero sauce. I love the guac cause it tastes fresh and us Chileans LOVE avocados! The rice tastes great with the ranchero sauce, the tomatoes are good, and the lettuce is your typical iceburg lettuce I think. But it's alright, it still tastes good all together.MARGARITASWoo baby!! I tried to order a small margarita but was easily convinced by the waiter to get a medium haha. Yup it was definitely worth it. I got mine in slushie form, but you can ask for it straight up if you're hardcore. If you plan on getting drunk here, either take the bus or get a DD. My boyfriend got drunk here in the middle of the day because he had to finish his friend's margarita as well as his own! lol They are quite large and are made with only the best tequila, PATRON!DESSERTSAs far as sopapillas go, I'm sad to say, these are the worst I've had. NOT terrible/uneatable, I'd just say they are way to dry and crunchy to eat. Maybe if I tried it with the ice cream it would be better. I've just had way better from my mother. In Chile, sopapillas are more like a fried flat bread that when you bite into it, it's got a chewable bread-texture. Then we drizzle them in honey, or eat it with a tomato salad, spread some pate on it, it's got multiple uses! El Palenque's thin, crunchy sopapilla just doesn't live up to that.The flan is superb! They are served in a single portion, but I have shared one once. It tastes wonderful, and isn't too sweet. The nice golden brown color is perfect.As for the fried ice-cream and Xango, I have yet to try. I've never heard of Xango, but I'll try it eventually.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,12/7/2013,90,142,1,11,9>Buffalo CarShare is great!  It's helped me out a lot these past couple months.  But I guess, then again, I'm just reviewing the fact that Buffalo is together enough to have a CarShare service.  Zipcar, with its measly 2 or so cars, doesn't hold a flame to CarShare's locations and quality of cars.  And, every single time I've spoken with the people who work in the office, they've been pretty friendly and knowledgable.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/6/2013,198,661,6,7,7>What more can I say about Paula's that I haven't already?? This was my first time (& sadly last since they are closing on 8/18 to relocate) at this location. After eating dinner nearby we wanted a sweet. One friend had never had a Paula's before and my other friend and I warned her that if she hasn't yet opened the door to Paula's to beware. Once you've experienced Paula's, you can never go back! She decided to pass on joining us. Haha! Smart girl with good self control. I on the other hand have already opened the door and have no self control, so bring on the donuts!!!This place was hoppin' for 7pm on a Wednesday! Too bad they're closing. Seemed like several older regulars were hanging out. Where will they go once Paula's leaves?! My friend and I each ordered a sugar jelly donut. I found out that the jelly in the sugar donut is raspberry, whereas the jelly in the powdered donut is strawberry. For a buck each, including tax, we were set. Sat at the counter and bit into our ample jelly filled pillows of delicious. It's so nice that in a world of $8 coffee drinks, $4 cupcakes, and $6 ice cream sundaes you can still pull up to Paula's, hand 'em a dollar bill and receive in return a moment of sugary bliss. No doubt their current community will miss them!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/5/2013,66,56,4,4,5>Recently, I was taking my friend's dog for a run on a nice afternoon. Upon my return home, I let her off the leash for a brief moment thinking she would be tired and not try to go anywhere while I grabbed the hidden key. Not so. She bolted off down the street, looking back occasionally as if to taunt me. I chased her down the block and thankfully I was able to somewhat keep up with her because I saw her cut right into the Village Beer Merchant. I'm not sure why she sought refuge there - maybe because she's been there many times. The people at the Merchant were very nice and helped me get her back on the leash. Needless to say, the store is definitely dog-friendly.The Village Beer Merchant is great for picking up some more hard-to-find beers and they have a running list of about 15 tap beers where you can fill up a growler. The tap selection is always changing and yet the staff can talk to you for upwards of 30 minutes about the beers if you wanted them to. Their six-pack prices are perhaps a dollar more expensive than Wegman's but then again it's a local place and nice if you live close by. Their refrigerated section is pretty extensive as well.They carry some specialty sodas including ginger beer which has been convenient when I'm in the mood for a dark and stormy (the national drink of Bermuda - try it if you haven't yet!). Hodge is right down the street to pick up the Gosling's Black Rum. They haven't gotten the memo that Barritt's is the best ginger beer but they have enough good things going already that I can't knock them for that.To top it all off, the staff is always very knowledgeable and have been great at helping me try new things that I'll like. I'm continually impressed. I don't buy my beer here all the time because it's a little more expensive but when I'm looking for a nice six-pack to bring as a house-warming gift or for a get-together with friends, this place is perfect.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,12/4/2013,41,47,,6,5>This place is amazing! I love their selection, their location, and how well kept it is. They have a diverse selection of genres which are well stocked. I could be here for hours. Sometimes I do spend a couple hours there browsing. A detail that I appreciate about this place is that they have sets of books for sale wrapped up in a ribbon, which are 3-5 fiction books with similar appeal. It's like a "if you like this, then you will like this" section wrapped up with a bow!I am surprised with how many new releases and popular books they have in stock too. Sometimes they come and go quickly, but I have found a few "new" books that had been brought in.They are fair with what they give if you bring used books. Also, books they don't take are donated to an organization that works with prisoners. Bring in your books and stop by and chat with the owners. They're a nice couple with excellent taste!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,12/3/2013,76,55,,2,3>I am a fan of any good sushi, so it should come to no surprise that i enjoyed Kumo. The ambiance was nice especially for a plaza setting in the suburbs. I had the Tomo Roll which was delicious and very filling. I could only eat one roll so I did not mind paying $12. My boyfriend got the victoria secret roll which was also delicious and beautifully presented.Overall for the price and quality ,I would recommend kumo.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/2/2013,2,18,1,3,2>I've been going to Chuck's for years, and I always order the same thing: pizza logs. Not only are they delicious, but they're a great value and include a side of fries.They have updated their fries recently; instead of the steak fries that they had been serving, they are thin and crispy. When I last ordered, I couldn't pull myself away from the fries and a few of my pizza logs went cold (that says something since pizza logs are my favorite thing in the world).Chuck's is also fast - when I order pizza logs for pick-up, they are ready in 15 minutes. I've ordered pizza logs elsewhere, and it was a 45-minute wait.My only complaint is that they are closed on Sundays, which seems like a missed opportunity, since so many people order food for the Bills games.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,12/1/2013,29,154,,3,3>Stopped here for lunch right around noon. I haven't been here in about a year and I see some things have been updated. It looks like they are trying to differentiate from other more basic sub places and it looks nice! Seems like they are featuring grilled subs and other hot subs like Buffalo Chicken, Philly Steak, etc. I stuck with the traditional cold sub this time.  I like that they come in 3 different sizes. I got the small and that is like your traditional half size.I love then old style feel of the restaurant. I did not eat-in here this time but I have before. It looks clean and orderly. The only thing I would change is that the line up to order sort of crowds near the door to come in. I had to crowd around some guys looking at their cellphones to get out. All the counter staff were friendly and then lady I had was efficient and double checked my order.I opted for the Old Fashioned (turkey, ham, salami) on the multi grain. The bread was excellent. Most places that have multi grain/wheat breads, they either taste like or have the texture of cardboard but this bread was soft and flavorful, but wasn't like white with a little bit of wheat tossed in so it was one shade darker in color. The meat was pretty good but I found the ham a little salty. I like having a good amount of mayo and oil, but it had nearly leaked through the paper wrapper and sub bag. The veggies I got were fresh and plentiful.I made it a combo with a cookie and pop. I picked up the chocolate chip walnut cookie and it was really good and freshly made. They also had newer selections of a white chocolate macadamia nut or oatmeal raisin. The register attendant fills up your pop themselves from a fountain so I am guessing  if you are eating in, you can't get a refill before you leave. Capping pop amounts seems to be the new thing everywhere.Good choice for a fast and filling lunch. I will be back!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,11/30/2013,47,60,2,3,3>So, my dad has an addiction, but in a good way, to the cuisine at May Jen. I tried to remember the last time I has Chinese food that didn't come from the ubiquitous paper and foil containers and it had been a long time. They used to have an outlet on the famed Elmwood Avenue back in the day, but now, you must get thineself to Kenmore ave to behold their awesomeness. I don't mean to sound over the moon, but this isn't assembly line throw together the sweet and sour whatever, but stuff done with some care and made to order, presented as if it is something, because it is.I heartly recommended affording yourself some Tangerine Chicken and an Egg Roll (Pork) and a fine ale (I opted for that longtime Chinese favorite Sam Adams). They do some take out, but it is a restaurant first and a take out source second. That may sound nitpicky, but that actually does matter. May Jen is one of the few Chinese food places where you actually do see people eating, in the restaurant, off plates, at a nice table.I did take home a plastic container...with the remnants of my entree. And it was good, but the treat was doling some off the pedestal they serve from onto a plate to relax and enjoy food prepped well.And I did, stomach made the happy sounds to prove it.Go. now
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2013,11/29/2013,46,45,,4,2>We arrived at 800 late in the afternoon. There were only two other couples in the dining room so we were seated immediately. The restaurant tries to put an upscale elegant atmosphere to the everything from the staff to the building itself. As I sat down the first thing I noticed was the nice black cloth tablecloth was covered with a square of craft paper. Unusual, but I guess it keeps the laundry bill down! At these prices, I expect cloth.I have enjoyed the wood oven personal pan pizzas here before and it was very good. They list them on the menu each one given a females name. I guess once you eat 100 pizzas they name one after you. I ordered the Nikky. My wife ordered the seafood linguine. This after questioning the waiter concerning many items. Our waiter, Mike, was very knowledgeable and took great care of us. He answered each question patiently and with knowledge of the menu. My wife's seafood linguine turned out to be the hit of the year as far as our dining experiences are concerned. It was smothered with lobster, muscles shrimp and was delicious according to my wife. I believe there may have been some scallops in there as well I don't quite remember. The entire thing was placed on a bed of linguine and smothered with a light tomato sauce. Kim thoroughly enjoyed it. And the portions very large nicely done.As I said, I've been here before and had the personal pan pizzas. My pizza when it came was anything but a small personal pan pizza it was about 16 inches in diameter. Easily enough for a couple to finish. Mike, unfortunately, had neglected to tell me that they had changed the menu when I asked about the pizzas. The pizza was uneventful, it was a pizza. The thin crust did not seem to be as tasty and crunchy has on previous occasions. For dessert we got a couple of items from the menu. My wife a nice warm brownie with a small scoop of ice cream delicious.  My description does not do it justice as the presentation was fantastic as well. I had a cobbler, Apple and mixed berries. It was topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a lovely spritz of a sauce. It too was good but not memorable. For some reason, perhaps it was my taste buds tonight, it had a hint of a taste of oatmeal. I found it detracted from the fruit in the desert. Again both of these desserts were more than ample.I failed to mention that before dinner I had a bowl of a lovely chicken soup. I really didn't want a bowl I asked if they had a cup. Mike said that they didn't they only had the one size but he would check with the kitchen to see if they would accommodate me. They did and I'm glad they did the soup was fantastic.That was our meal. All in all it was good. We do like the restaurant but it has a few things that can be fixed to make it a memorable one. But a nice meal under a  hundred dollars that's not bad at all.I'm kind of holding back my recommendations until I've had a chance to have a meal not just a Pizza, will be back We will see and eat!I failed to mention the coffee. If you read my reviews before you know that I use the quality of the coffee has a barometer of the quality of the restaurant. I ordered my after dinner coffee and Mike, our waiter forgot to tell me that they only have their house blend. The house blend is a flavored coffee with a hint of vanilla and hazelnut I think. I abhor flavored coffees and it was really a lousy touch to an otherwise nice meal. People, flavored coffees don't make a classy restaurant meeting your customers needs and comforts does, get some real coffee in the cup! The entire evening rates just three stars. Pick up a few of these small minuses and it will warrant four or five stars. I look forward to that happening we will be back to rate it again.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/28/2013,21,107,3,3,3>I have been waiting years and searching cities to find Michael and here he is right on Washington Street. He is a magician of color and cutting.I feel pretty when I leave and don't feel like I was emotionally or financially abused either. Err, sometimes that's happened in my life of getting hair-dos. For embarrassingly long periods. Michael knows my name and I've only been there twice. He remembers my daughter's name! I've had obstetricians who don't remember my name 9 months in of constant appointments and certainly don't remember the name of the baby they actually delivered!I totally love that Fix is in downtown Buffalo. It's one of my criteria for picking services and businesses - I prefer them to be in the city limits. I'll make a small exception for Snyder because I must go to to the Farmer's and Artisans shop and I like the Scherers of Scherer's jewelry store a lot.Michael's sister Annette is funny and nice and beautiful and gave me a pedicure today that I am sure looks very cool because she helped me pick the color. She's who you want picking your color...I hesitate to review Fix Salon because I don't want it to get impossible to book, but he deserves for his business to blowup. In a good way!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,11/27/2013,5,5,2,2,2>There are so many pizza places just in the Lancaster/Depew area, that's its tough for any one particular place to really stand out. Pizza Heist, however, gets my vote for the best in the area not because they have any one outstanding item, but because across the board they do everything very well. Their pizza and wings are very good, value is right on par with the area, and they have a great selection of items. It's tough to go wrong with any of the pizza places in Lancaster, but the combination of value, selection, customer service, and above all quality of the food puts the Heist above the rest.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,11/26/2013,1,29,1,8,4>An oasis in the white bread that is Kenmore/Tonawanda. The atmosphere was relaxing and inviting, and noticed everything was spotless.  (After ordering, noticed they cleaned each page of the menus we had used ... and with cold/flu season was impressed).  This time we did not order the sushi.  My husband ordered the chicken tempura & I ordered the Spicy Mango Prawns.  We both ordered the brown rice.  The wait staff were friendly & knowledgable.  While waiting for our food, they served us cabbage that was served in a sweet vinegary sauce.  We started off with the miso soup.  While good, it wasn't remarkable ... or in the words of my husband ... It was OK.My husband had the tempura which was light, crispy an cooked to perfection.  I must remark on the brown rice.  I could have made a meal on just the rice.  It was nutty, and smelled slightly of jasmine.  Our server said it was a special blend of 5 different brown rices ... Awesomely unique in taste with a nice texture. I am happy I tried the Spicy Mango Prawns.  The flavours and textures were a treat.  Crispy green & red bell peppers, bite-sized pieces of water chestnuts, slices of mango, snow peas & a generous portion of shrimp was cooked to perfection in a slightly spicy red sauce & served over a bed of crispy rice noodles.  There was enough "heat" to make it interesting which was offset by the slightly sweet of the mango.  Unlike many Thai restaurants the heat did not mask the underlying nuances of tastes that blossomed with each bite. We cannot wait to go back.  Next time though, it will be to try the sushi.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.  A pleasant surprise in suburbia!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,11/25/2013,187,640,,4,2>This place is one of the best places for fish I've seen lately.I've been thinking about saltwater vs tropical for awhile now and based on what I was able to see - nothing beats saltwater fish and I hope at least a 75 gallon saltwater fish tank is in my future.The tangs - naso tang - yellow tang and powder blue tanks were some of my favorites and the new saltwater systems put my 1980's system to shame. Though the fish are just as expensive as they always were - most are tank raised and are much hardier now.There is also a large selection of reptiles and other critters too - so it's not just fish. I also believe that I might have gotten one of the best quotes around too!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,11/24/2013,69,317,2,2,2>This is our "go-to" rental place for tents, chairs, tables.  They have a great package - $99 for a one day rental of a 20x20 tent, 3 tables, and 12 chairs.  An extra $1/chair beyond the 12.  This rate requires your own pick up and set up though.  I love that they give you the option to save money by letting you do the work.  It was a little frustrating putting up the tent for our first time. But, now that we have done it once - it would be easier to do in the future.  They opened at 9am on a Sunday and we got there right before 9 to pick up the tent, but it took over an hour because there was 10 people ahead of us and they needed to clean the tent from the user the day before.  Understandable, but we had hoped to do a quick pick up and have it set up before we had to head to church for the baptism at noon.  So be prepared for a possible wait if you show up first thing in the morning.They are more than just a rental place - they have hardware too.  I never used it, but have received good reviews from people who have.  They also sell the cotton candy floss sugar, which is hard to find.  My mom has a cotton candy machine, so this is our place to buy the sugar for it.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,11/23/2013,5,19,4,4,2>Nothing but good things to say about this place, our waitress Amanda was super friendly and very helpful. Food did not take long to come to the table despite it being a busy Friday night and 6 of us at one time. I ordered the French onion soup and shared with my boyfriend, my mom ordered coconut shrimp that came with a fantastic spicy dipping sauce. Our entrees were everything I expected and more, I got the seafood stew which was perfectly cooked medley of seafood in a delicious seafood broth with linguine. Despite being stuffed three of is still ordered dessert. (My mango sorbet came with a candle because it was my birthday :] ) Everything we had was done very well, I will be returning someday to sample more of the menu without a doubt.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,11/22/2013,27,140,,6,4>I can't tell you how much I love this place. I finally took a stab at my Indian vegetarian cookbook. I've never made Indian food in my life so I was at quite a loss. There were about 20 ingredients I never heard of, so I was just hoping Vineeta would have them all. It may have took me an hour to find everything, but they had every single item on the list. So many different types of dal, chilis, and spices. Also something called asofoetida powder, which sounds toxic, but the recipe called for it, so I threw it in.A lot of the stuff, I had no idea, but the woman behind the counter was so helpful and escorted me to pretty much everything. I think she loved the idea that I was making Indian food because she seemed more excited about it than I was. She even gave me cooking tips to make it taste better, which was really nice.I couldn't imagine not giving this place 5 stars. Every Indian food item you could possibly want. If you like hot, I recommend the crunchy savory section on the right with all the spicy hot Indian nuts you could ask for!My only disappointment is that they say they offer homemade cookies on the sign out front, but there were zero cookies. I even asked the man behind the counter and he said there were no homemade cookies. What the heck! False advertisement! ;) But that's okay. I walked out with some coconut mochi balls which were divine. :DIf you haven't gone already, and you're an adventurous eater/chef, GO!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/21/2013,54,84,4,14,12>If you have not been here recently (or if you've never been at all!), you must check it out! They've re-vamped the whole store. It was an adorable boutique to begin with -they expanded to the space next door and filled it with...DRESSES! **LOVE**I come here at least once a season to buy shoes. They are unique, pretty, and best of all, reasonably priced. Sometimes the quality can be a little questionable. They've started carrying higher-end selections, which cost quite a bit more. But if you need a pair of shoes you're only going to wear a couple times, you'll be very impressed with what you get here. I buy flip flops and sandals here every year -they only last for about one season, but that could be because I wear them non-stop. They have a really neat jewelery selection, too. A whole turquoise section! I've bought clothes here, too. Again, unique and inexpensive night-out kinds of dresses and shirts. Bohemian-style hats and accessories. This place is a great gift card choice for those girly-girls in your life.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,11/20/2013,79,74,,5,2>I've been hearing whispers of this legendary Cantina Loco for quite a while, but I never tried them out for fear of being disappointed (as I often am with Mexican establishments). I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised. Bummer that they only have one vegetarian item on their menu. That said, they do a pretty darn good job with the one thing they've got. I had: veggie taco with fried tofu, pico de gallo, avocado, cheese...plus other stuff that I can't remember. First surprise: each component in this taco was very well seasoned and quite tasty. The second surprise: the tofu that they use is actually decent quality soft tofu. The biggest surprise: it's also very well fried (trust me when I say not a lot of restaurants can make the same claim). All together, they combine to form a texturally sophisticated and flavorful taco. The tofu itself isn't seasoned, but I actually think seasoning it would detract from the rest of flavors in the taco anyways. My only gripe: the tofu is really chunky. Maybe more, but smaller pieces of deep fried tofu (as opposed to two giant logs)? I think the extra crisp that this would afford would be deeeeelicious.In any case, my taco was $4 and I was full afterwards, so who am I to complain?Fun place to come for happy hour or to grab dinner with friends after work. Glad I finally bit the bullet and tried them out :D
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/19/2013,147,187,,7,7>I stopped in here last week for a beverage and to enjoy the patio everyone has been raving about.  It was a beautiful evening so my sister and I headed here after enjoying 'Food Truck Tuesday' at Larkin Square.When we arrived around 8:00pm we walked up to the (empty) bar and were greeted by a jolly and smiling bartender dressed with a shirt and tie.  He was very welcoming.  They have some decent bottled beer.  We opted for the Southern Tier IPA and the Flying Bison Rusty Chain.  Since it was so beautiful out, we headed to the back outdoor patio.  The owner (I'm assuming) walked us right out and said she had a table ready for us to sit at, or offered us to sit at the 'community table' with others who were gathered there.  We opted for a small table alone for intimate conversation.  She explained that they had a bar outside (visibly noticeable) but it was closed for the night.  She offered that they would have it open on Friday & Saturday.  She then got to talking to us a little more, asking where we heard of the restaurant (yelp - of course!), and continued to welcome us with open arms, and thank us for stopping in.  Please note this amiable, over-the-top, hospitable demeanor.....this is something *rarely* seen nowadays.  I can't recall the last time this occurred when visiting an establishment.  The restaurant is attractive inside and out.  The outdoor patio gives a feeling like you are at your family or friend's house.  It's calm, comfortable, and relaxing.  I can't wait to come back and try an actual dining experience.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,11/18/2013,59,154,3,5,2>I decided that rather than ask for a birthday present, I would have the BF take me out to a nice dinner.  I was torn between a few places, but ultimately decided on Trattoria Aroma.We arrived at 6:30, and found the place to (surprisingly) pretty empty.  The hostess gave us a choice of inside or outside.  She said it felt nice under the awning, so I said outside (though honestly, I think I would have preferred the AC inside than the subtle breeze outside).  We sat down with our menus, and began to look through the extremely expansive beer/wine/cocktail list.  Because of the high heat, we both stuck with water.We placed our order, and the bread came out.  As the waiter set it down with the olive oil, I noticed something floating in it out of the corner of my eye.  Just as the waiter left, I noticed that it was a tiny dead bug floating inside.  Yuck!  One of the other waiters came out to attend to another table, so I got his attention, and he made us laugh by saying that the bugs are extra, but then took it away and we were promptly brought out a new clean one.  The bug most likely flew into it while we were outside...For an appetizer, we split the bruschetta with artichokes, tomatoes, red onion, figs, and an herbed goat cheese.  It was delicious!  The figs were nice and sweet, and the artichokes and cheese spread made for a tasty and refreshing combination.  For our entrees, we both decided that we wanted some of the homemade pasta dishes.  My boyfriend got the Pappardelle alla Lepre which had a tasty braised rabbit.  It was both of our first times trying rabbit, and it was amazing!  I ordered the Tagliatelle Bolognese.  I was battling between a few different things, but I was glad I chose this.  The sauce was meaty, rich, and delicious.Overall, we both really enjoyed our meals.  Too full for dessert, we left.  I would have liked to have some wine or cocktails, but it was so hot outside.  We both agreed we want to try them out for brunch next time!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/17/2013,63,67,2,6,2>When my mother came in from out of state for a recent show at Shea's, I thought that this would be a great place to take her for dinner and a bottle of wine. It's walking distance from the theater and was also upscale enough to make our theater garb not stand out. The restaurant has a great urban feel with exposed brick walls and high ceilings, but also has a classy, contemporary vibe that's facilitated by modern decor and soft red lighting. The atmosphere is probably one of the best features of this spot.Our server was knowledgeable and highly professional. She helped us pick out a bottle from their extensive $15 list that accommodated both my love of dry/semi-sweet whites with my moms love of sugary beverages. I'm a huge sauv blanc fan and have been dismayed recently to see origins other than New Zealand listed in descriptions of the varietal, so we had a great conversation about labeling procedures in the States that proved she knew what she was talking about. She was also diligent in checking back on us without being overwhelming.Even though we tried to order different dishes, my mom and I both ordered the prawn risotto, which turned out to be an excellent decision. The risotto was perfectly cooked (a fete in and of itself), and the scampi sauce was flavorful without being overpowering. I've been told that this is one of their more well-executed dishes, so my opinion might be biased, but I was impressed with that and the cheese bread appetizer we got, as well. Overall, we were in and out in about an hour and a half, simply because there's no quick way to enjoy a whole bottle of wine and a well-prepared food. Honestly, we could have stayed even longer, since the expansive wine bar seemed inviting, as well. If stopping in here prior to a Shea's or Market Arcade event, I would definitely recommend giving yourself at least two hours and setting a reservation, as well.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,11/16/2013,33,157,2,7,5>Came here with Brad, he wanted (and needed) to get his hair cut. While I was in, I decided to get mine trimmed as well. I am a no appointment, walk in kind of girl.The atmosphere was so interesting and unique. Frank Sinatra, Michael Buble, and some other classics playing in the background. It was very clean and the staff was so nice and easy to talk to. The lady that cut my hair told me where she used to work and now she and her son wanted to start their own business.Brad is simple and just said "make me look good." His stylist succeeded! I'm not sure of the details of a man's haircut but the back was all straight at his neck and the sides were perfectly angled. I liked my cut as well. My stylist was very attentive when doing out consultation.The prices were decent too. Although, I do not know the cost of the men's cut, my wash, cut, and style was $25, which is how much it usually is at the salon I visit regularly.I would definitely recommend this salon and I know we will be back!I wasn't able to add the website, but here is their facebook link... facebook.com/pages/Goodf
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,11/15/2013,59,84,,9,6>I visited Crust on opening day. They didn't put anything on social media about opening so we were the only 2 customers inside ordering. Our food was basically ready when we were done paying for it so that was awesome. They don't have beer/wine yet but said that they plan to. The beverage options were various sodas and waters.My boyfriend ordered a gluten free pizza with red sauce, vidalias, chorizo and hot peppers. They had a ton of toppings to pick from (it's set up like Chipotle). The sauce and topping combination was really spicy but he said that it was the best gluten free pizza he's had (and he's had a lot).I opted for the arancini and the stuffed peppadews. The peppers were served cold with a large portion of pesto sauce. They were stuffed with a variety of cheeses and served with some breadsticks and a side of greens. The pesto was delicious and very cheesy. I had enough pesto left to dip my breadsticks in it and eat my side salad.The rice ball was precooked and heated up when I ordered. It was full of peas and cheese and served with a side of tomato sauce. The side of sauce was super small but I didn't really need it because the rice ball was so flavorful on it's own.I can't wait to go back here and try more things! They have so many options and it's great to have something like this in the neighborhood.Update: I've read another's review which assumes I know the owner when in fact I do not. I went to this place because it's in my neighborhood. I don't know the owners at all.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,11/14/2013,72,331,1,5,2>After hearing such great things for awhile now, so glad my wife and I finally made our way over to Sun. Everything went great and the food was Amazing.It was Saturday around 6pm when we showed up. And the place was busy and without being packed. The interior is clean with an Asian wood influence. To start we ordered the Burmese Chicken Curry with Prata appetizer which was sort of like a piece of fried dough upon which you spooned some nicely flavored curry. For entree I had the Amare Thar Hin which is nice sized chunks of beef, in a Burmese curry, served with Rice. The flavors where a nice savory cross of star of anise and chili. I ordered it spicy and they did not disappoint. The heat was a slow build up as seeds from chili made there way to the bottom of the bowl. By the time I was at the bottom I was red faced and teary eyed which I expect to be if I ask for spicy. Not sure the name of what my wife ordered but it was a noodle dish with a pad thai like flavor.If you like Ethnic cuisine, you can easily see this place is highly recommended. After stopping in I can see why. Can't wait to come back and explore the menu more.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/13/2013,53,94,2,11,6>If you visited a Puerto Rican household you'd find food exactly like what is created and served at Sazon Criollo. Criollo - the influence of native Taino, Spanish, African and Dutch cooking - is the basis for the very fresh and tasty dishes on their menu.My dining partner and I sampled the following:Pollo Asado (Baked Chicken Lunch Special - $7.00) was juicy and hot and I selected yellow rice to accompany it.The Pernil (Roasted Pulled Pork - $7.00) had delicately balanced seasoning and was roasted to perfection.A Meat Pastelillo (Ground Beef appetizer - $1.75) was overflowing with traditional flavor.Parcha (Passion Fruit Juice - $2.00). Cold and amazingly refreshing tropical juice that is house made.  It's very sweet with light acidity and - oh my - very addicting.Served with the warmth and hospitality that Islanders are known for.2nd visit on 10/08:I waffled between the Cuban Sandwich and the Tripleta Sandwich and, after deciding in favor of the latter, found that I could only finish half.  The flavors of pulled pork, ham and grilled chicken with a mild sauce, lettuce and tomato in a warm Pane Criollo come together as an amazing comfort food.  The Pane Criollo was warm, had a soft center and a thin crunchy crust, and was a key part of the Tripleta.   I finished the other half for dinner and it still had amazing taste.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,11/12/2013,52,100,,5,3>At this location is the EVERYDAY GOURMET BAKERY CAFE  Everyday Gourmet bakes delicious custom cut-out cookies, gourmet cupcakes, and an array of mini desserts.After having a foot long hot dog and cheese-fries at Sullivan's, and sitting on the deck we adventured across the street to this new establishment that opened at the end of July 2013.We were greeted by rows and rows of custom cupcakes. I was in heaven but unfortunately I let my wife choose for us. :) She made an excellent choice though, the Pina Colada Cupcake. It was so good and fresh and good. Now I wish I had gotten my own all to myself.  I also noticed delicious looking brownies and other sweet delicacies. There is also a wide range of hot and cold drinks.  The owner was there to serve and was very friendly and helpful. After speaking to her we learned that Everyday Gourmet is also a full service catering business available for both private and corporate catering and has been in operation for many years.The business card she gave us stated that their service includes custom menu planning, delivery, set-up, and break-down for your event. We will be back!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,11/11/2013,47,73,,5,3>A great and quick lunch option for the downtown workers.  It's a small place, and there are no tables to sit at, but everything food-wise I've had here was very good quality.  It's a simple 4 step process to ordering similar to Chipotle and Salsarita' set up.  Choose a wrap, salad, or pita chip/rice bowl, choose a meat, choose sauces, cheese and veggies, and finally choose a drink and/or side.On my first visit, I went with the Falafel wrap (white) with assorted veggies, feta, tahini and greek dressing.  Note: they smoosh the falafel peices down in the wrap so it's spread evenly throughout the wrap, and you will understand why when you're eating it.  Wow!  Probably the best falafel I've ever consumed!  Crispy, tasty, yet not dry like most I've had....perfect!For my second visit I went with the chicken souvlaki wrap (wheat).  Set it up the same as my first visit, but went with the Tzatziki instead of the tahini this time.  The chicken was Ok, not anything different than any other Buffalo greek establishment.  However, the Tzatziki was pure awesomeness!  It was thicker dressing than anything I've had before....and I could probably just have this with assorted veggies and still have a very satisfying lunch.Definitely will be venturing out again to Rachel's on the nice week days for lunch.Noticed they are open late (5 AM) for the late night bar crowd as well.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,11/10/2013,126,349,5,7,3>A lot of my negative reviews have the air of "I want to like this place, but I don't." This is perhaps my first review in which my sentiment is, "I want to hate this place, but I can't."Perhaps I've gotten too old. Perhaps I long for the days where I wasn't annoyed/appalled/disinterested by the mosh pit, but the annoy-ee jumping around inside of it. Maybe it's too loud. Maybe it's too crowded. Or maybe, I'm just shedding those last few bits of my punk days' attitude and don't want to accept anything new and flashy and different from the old school venues we were forced to frequent in the past. Whatever it is, I have absolutely no reason to dislike this place. Parking is easy (M&T lot, street parking, subway, etc). There are few, if any, bad views and many of the non-floor spots even give you a place to lean. In fact, if I'm being totally honest, I would have much rather seen The Get Up Kids open for Dashboard in 1999 HERE over the crappy, flat floored, smelly, sticky venues I saw them in back then. Kids these days are so spoiled with their big bathrooms and their stadium standing and their big strong security personnel saving their sculls from crashing onto the ground at the front of the pit. Pfft. I will, however, stand my ground on the cash only issue.  Perhaps I'm crazy for expecting to use a credit card to buy a round of drinks... wait, it isn't 1999.  I'm not crazy.  Sending me to the atm in the front of the room with the crazy fees doesn't please me either, especially when I can see my own bank's atm across the street but you won't let me leave to go to it.  Well played, Town Ballroom.  Your loss though - you can keep your caloric drinks and I will stand on my principles all evening, thirsty.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,11/9/2013,136,280,2,7,3>I love the concept of sliders: a small burger for only $3.50 which affords the opportunity to try multiple different types of mini-burgers rather than fill up on one huge burger.I opted for the "Kitt" - small beef patty with Parmesan-peppercorn, bacon and bleu cheese.  I can still recall the amazing combination of flavor.  The beef was tender and the bun was soft and in good proportion to the burger.I saw many people ordering the truffle fries which looked absolutely delicious.  I would definitely order those next time around! Can't wait to find this food truck again!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/8/2013,22,55,2,2,3>Pasquale's has such a nice comfortable atmosphere and is such a nice family friendly place for dining in. Not only that, but the take out is super convenient and always exceptional. My hubby and I took our 1 year old for dinner a few weeks ago and it was just what we all needed! We just went through all the craziness of moving and didn't feel like cooking and weren't sure where to go. We drove into East Aurora and I decided on Pasquale's as we drove up to it. It was perfect. I'm not sure why I've waited this many years to dine here again. I've been in the past, and everything seems the same but actually better! A little tip: the French fries are the BEST! Super crunchy with the perfect amount of crispiness on them!!! You've gotta try them! Also, best white pizza around!!!!!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/7/2013,90,142,5,10,5>I'm drenched in sweat, my eyes are tearing, my face is bright red, my tongue is throbbing and I CAN'T STOP EATING!!!  I decided to start with a snippet removed from mid-review as it truly describes the wonderfully cleansing eating experience at Miss Hot Cafe, the greatest thing to happen to Amherst, New York since Satish Mohan (much love Satish...much love).Miss Hot Cafe is a brand new Shanghaiese and Sichaun restaurant offering a wide variety of traditional fare.  With that said, as your review the menu, please skip through the first few pages as they are meant for the ignorant gwai lo.  (Though I too am gwai lo...I'd like to consider myself not of the ignorant variety).  As you begin to peruse the wonderful variety of cold appetizers, it is clear that this place is unique. Other restaurants in town offer traditional fare like Peking Quick One and Gin Gin.  However, this menu is by far the most extensive on Traditional fare, most approachable to the non-Mandarin reading diner, and the interior/tables are really nice and clean (unlike the aforementioned).  You've probably heard rumors of the secret Chinese menu, written in hanzi and completely unavailable to the average Westerner, unless of course they've implanted a Babel fish.  Well times have changed and Miss Hot Cafe has completely incorporated the secret Chinese menu and revels in its glory.  To give you an idea of the rarity of the offerings let us start with the cold marinated gluten.  Gluten is similar to (if not the same thing as) seitan in texture (like a chewy and porous bread).  They take gluten, marinade it in (black vinegar, soy and oil? I'm guessing here) and serve it with peanuts and black fungus.  Highly recommended as a unique and great starter to cool your palate for the hot intensity that is yet to come.  I tried to order the cold marinaded duck (for my 8 year old (turning 9 this week...he made me write that) dining companion who adamantly believes that one can not enjoy a Chinese meal without some duck on the table), but they were out of it that evening.Loving Sichuan cuisine, and rarely enjoying such fare locally, I decided to indulge in the spicy dishes.  To save the little fella from gastro-intestinal torture I ordered him some Hong Kong Noodles (which were quite delicious).  I indulged in Crispy Lamb, stir fried string beans, and the pièce de résistance: the shredded beef in chili oil.The Crispy Lamb came out first and was not crispy (that was not a problem).  It was a spicy stir fried lamb with cumin seeds and a lot of chilis.  There was definitely an Indian influence on this dish, and it was spectacular.  The flavor of the lamb was not overpowered by the strong and generous use of spice.  This dish was hot, but was nothing compared to what would follow.Next up was the "Vegetarian" Stir-fried string beans (with minced salted pork).  This is one of my favorite dishes only served locally at Golden Duck.  The pork was not as salty as Golden Duck's, which was fine with me, but it was certainly much spicier.  This is one of those ideal dishes that combine fresh crunchy string beans only lightly fried, which are balanced and salted with...wait for it...meat.  I love it.  Ingenious.  Suck it vegetarians...another win for the carnivores.Now for the star of the evening, a buxom, operatic diva who's splendor is only rivaled by her spine tingling skill.  The star of this evening was the shredded beef served in a rich, deeply spicy broth of chili oil (can you call it broth when it is only oil and rendered beef fat?), with a health smattering of whole hot chilis, cilantro and Asian cabbage (almost like a non-fermented Kim Chi).  What makes this dish phenomenal is that it is so over the top.  The beef is basically cooked in hot chili oil (a LOT of very hot, deep red chili oil).  Think of the French technique of confit only take out the refrigerating in its own fat for a week.  Instead of deep frying the meat, the oil makes the meat super soft and tender, imbuing it with additional tongue searing heat and savory fat.  It was amazing...and made me pour out sweat.  The hot broth had me inhaling searing chili fumes which turned me into a tearing mess.  My wee dining companion could not help but laugh at me in my disheveled state.  Keep this in mind, that this is certainly not a good spot for a date night or even a night with a wee dining companion, unless of course you like being ridiculed by an 8 year old (turning 9 this week...again he made me write that).     I was so impressed with this meal (and ridiculously high on serotonin and endorphins after eating all of those chilis) that I basically raved about the food to the waiter (to the point he started to back away from the table) and told him this was my new favorite local restaurant.  I've never said that on a first visit, perhaps that alone speaks volumes.  Try out Miss Hot Cafe, bring your towel and don't panic. So long and thanks for all the fish.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/6/2013,22,48,,7,3>Went to Hideaway Grille today for the first time. First, I have to say their staff is extremely friendly. Our waitress/bartender remembered my name right off the bat and made conversation throughout our whole meal which was nice. They also put up with us for the 2 1/2 hours that we were there.The food was pretty good and it came quickly. I ordered half a caesar salad and a bowl of their cream of broccoli and cauliflower soup. The half salad was still pretty big and it was delicious. The soup was just okay. Kind of bland for what I was expecting. I had to add a lot of pepper and salt and it was still only mediocre. I hear that the chicken spetzel soup is awesome. I wish I would have just gotten a whole salad because it was that good.My boyfriend, his dad, and a guy I just met named Rudy all got the stuffed mushrooms and clams casino for appetizers. For someone that doesn't like mushrooms, I actually enjoyed them. I really dislike clams but I tried the clams casino anyway and I wasn't a fan at all, but everyone else loved them so I guess I'm just biased.Other than that, the atmosphere was great. It's a nice looking, spacious place. We sat at the bar, where they have flat screen tvs and quick draw. I think we won a total of $5.Overall, a good experience.UPDATE! Today I visited the Hideaway again, and I tried the french fries. They are delicious and crispy. They also gave me an ice cream sundae for my birthday even though it wasn't my birthday yet (two days early, can't complain). That is all :)
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,11/5/2013,36,63,3,3,3>On my second and third visit things got much better. I brought my littles in recently for dinner and experienced great service! Not only that bit the food was fantastic, everything. We ordered crab rango, a Basil Fried Rice special (that was amazing, flavors galore!!), and chicken chow fun. I'm now in love with chow fun. My only reason for the dock here is because of the teeny tiny itsy bitsy pieces of chicken in everything. I want real pieces, not slivers. I want to feel like I'm actually eating it not just a veggie version that you can barely tell there is chick in at all.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,11/4/2013,53,252,2,4,3>I do a lot of historical research at the downtown library--and when I can, I plan it around lunchtime just so I can eat here. The soups are home-made and just completely fantastic (and, more often than not, VEGETARIAN!). The salads are always fresh and inventive, and the sandwiches are likewise delicious (again, there are good VEGETARIAN options). On the salads, you can even add grilled portabella--why don't more places offer than in addition to the usual chicken add-on?Definitely try the specials; I've never been disappointed on one of them. (But don't get too caught up in your research and go there looking for a late lunch--they close up at 2:30pm!)
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/3/2013,56,82,1,3,3>Joe's sandwiches are excellent; I generally order pickup for lunch a couple times a week and I've never had anything I didn't like.The daily specials are usually a win, offering unique options ("loganberry" tacos on kimmelweck tortillas, for example) and off-the-menu sandwiches like The Cutlet are fantastic. Chicken with spinach, cheese, spicy sauce... yum. Most of the hot sandwiches are huge, and eating more than half results in an afternoon food coma. Sides are also great, the potato salad is a favorite with red potatoes, celery, carrots and NO ONIONS! I can't eat raw onions so as a rule it is super hard for me to find an amenable potato salad that I haven't made myself. Fries are also good. The only down-"side" (see what I did there?) is that occasionally the chips that come as a default taste stale. Service is always prompt and friendly, and while the sandwiches are on the expensive side, the quantity more than makes up for it. Overall would definitely recommend for a deli lunch.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2013,11/2/2013,82,198,2,4,3>Food - Went for brunch - massive improvement. The food was fantastic and fairly reasonable for this type of place (i.e. semi-upscale American pub with an art-hipster vibe). My largest complaint, amongst several, about my first visit was the subpar quality of the food for the price. The mimosa was a bit overpriced at $6 for a small glass of overwhelmingly-OJ. Service - We were seated promptly and the hostess apologized for putting us near the door (we're like "people give you attitude for that when it's not 20 outside?!" - we were just happy to get a table). The server was extremely friendly and courteous but the wait was still INSANE for the food. We were probably there 2.5 hours total and most of the wait was for the food to actually emerge (though there was significant wait to have our order taken and to get our check - they appeared to have one hostess and one server working). This was first amusing, then irritating as my stomach began to send messages to my brain to chew my own arm. Overview - They were fairly packed when we entered but the crowd filed out within the first 20 minutes, save a few tables, and newcomers were a slow trickle. Didn't think the customer amount warranted the insane wait. Otherwise happy - it seemed less overpoweringly loud even when we first entered and the restaurant was full (difference in crowd maybe?) so we could actually enjoy just chilling and having a conversation, or we may have been testy about the wait. I'm a lot more excited to try this place again, and check out the patio, than I was after my first lackluster visit. I was beginning to think the Yelp community had went collectively crazy with their great review's for BRKB's food but this experience proved me wrong.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/1/2013,77,131,3,4,2>Have you ever stumbled across one of those neighborhood gems and DIDN'T want to tell anyone about it?This is one of those places.  For over a week now, I have sat on this review not because the cafe isn't WORTH a review, but because then people would know about it and that might change the experience.It's a quiet haven with good coffee, tasty desserts, decent lunches, and very nice, appreciative staff.  Want to buy a hot tea and lounge around reading for several hours?  The barista is happy to have you.  Jessica (mornings) is the perfect blend of welcoming but not overly chatty.If you want something more than what is on the Cafe menu, Grill 620 will serve food to the Cafe for your convenience.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/31/2013,42,40,4,4,3>If you live for any length of time on Buffalo's West Side, you will have an opinion about which restaurant has the best red sauce. Sure, no one can beat your grandmother's red sauce, but sometimes you don't have the time to make her recipe. And you know that even if you, it won't be as good.I'm not Italian. But I have lived on the West Side for over 5 years now and, in my opinion, Santasiero's is the one. Their sauce is terrific, really intense tomato flavors, nice and thick, just the way I like it. It's better than Chef's and better than any other family style Italian restaurant I've been to in Buffalo.If you go here, order simple: spaghetti with meat balls or sausage, a small house salad, and a carafe of wine. Half portion on the spaghetti. You will still have food to take home. And you won't spend more than $40 for two people.This place is nothing fancy. But that adds to its charm. The wait staff is extremely friendly. And it's usually pretty crowded. It's a fun place to have a cheap and delicious meal.Plus, the building is painted like the Italian flag. Who doesn't love that?
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,10/30/2013,165,165,,6,3>No nonsense, good food, plenty of it at reasonable prices. Very casual back of the bar restaurant where the wait staff is attentive and fast. Our waitress even read back our order. Seafood platter was great, Scallops, shrimp, haddock, clams casino and a lobster tail (good sized) along with fresh cut fries, brought out on two plates ($25!). Everything was good but the scallops were the best I've ever had. Beware..NO credit/debit cards though, good thing they have an ATM on site..phew. If you crave seafood, this is your go to place!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,10/29/2013,96,50,,12,3>Regal Transit is closest to my house, but their seats are from the 80s and suck. Regal Walden Galleria has been my go-to lately because of their stadium seating and more comfortable chairs. Now, AMC Maple Ridge has these seats that effectively recline to almost 90 degrees. They're leather and super-comfortable, so that watching a movie at the theater is a better experience than being at home. Seats are reserved, so you're guaranteed a seat if you have a ticket. Coke Freestyle machines at the concession stand are a nice plus. Step up your game, Regal - AMC has you beat by a mile.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/28/2013,58,72,5,7,4>I know, I know.. another 5 star Italian place in Buffalo...But this place truly is a GEM.Located right downtown near the convention center and Hyatt hotel, on Franklin St.Perfect for a quick business lunch, or a long romantic dinner.The main reason I so easily can give this place 5 stars is because I cannot think of a time I've eaten dinner out at a restaurant, yet felt so at home.From the start, Owner, Nick greeted us with a hug and offered the patio to us because the weather was beautiful.  (Usually sitting outside will net you paltry service, however this place is an exception) Luigi (Louis) our server was knowledgeable and very entertaining! He kept me laughing and answered any questions I had, including mentioning to the owner a love of Italian Sphinge, who quickly came to assure me his Zeppole would be a suitable replacement and he was right, they were delicious.All in all, the food was classic Italian, but well executed and inspired.  The specials were amazing, and I look forward to seeing them change.  The wine list was well put together, (the beer list was perhaps there just to make sure everyone has something to enjoy, but I encourage you to try a glass of vino while you're here), but perhaps most important, you honestly feel like your patronage is appreciated and if there's something you want, or don't like, the staff really seems to go out of their way to make sure you get exactly what you'd like, just like Mom's house on Sunday.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/27/2013,6,28,6,4,5>During my time at UB from 2004 up until my graduation in 2008, University Hots (lovingly referred to as "UHots!") was a near-weekly staple of my college life.No Friday/Saturday/Sunday night booze-fest was complete without a late night shout of, "Who wants to get some UHots?!?!?!" No trip down to the bars/parties at UB South was complete without a shout of, "Hey, UHots is like right there, who's in?!?!"I remember my very first time going into this fine establishment. It was well after 11PM, and myself and roommates/friends were in fine and eloquent form (that is to say, barely able to stand). The place was definitely cramped, and a large counter/partition separated us from the order taker. The menu was displayed on one of those white boards with the check-on blue plastic letters (like what you see at hot dog stands). Above all else, however-- I remember the smell. Delicious, life-altering, welcoming fried goodness. The decor and crowd remained the same throughout all of my visits to UHots, and I love the place for that.The food itself is your standard fare of late-night pre-hangover selections. Burgers, chicken fingers, hot dogs, etc. But forget all of that. The reason you, I, ANYBODY visits UHots is for the garbage plate. Essentially your choice of meat, two sides and sauce, this concoction of late-night cuisine was shared to us from Angels themselves.As a base, you must (or at least I always) start with mac salad and home fries. From there, people usually tend to go with two cheeseburgers. While a garbage plate with cheeseburgers is delicious, I've always been partial to getting chicken fingers with mine. From there, you can have the plate topped with the "sauce," which is basically hot sauce with very finely ground beef. Top that off with mustard and you're set. The best part is that these plates were/are always served in a simple styrofoam container.I always chopped my chicken fingers up, mixed them in with the home fries, mac salad, closed the container and shook that bad boy up, to maximize surface area. I can't even begin to describe how tasty the garbage plate is. I think I cried the first time I had one from UHots.Since UHots is located in the heart of UB South's club/bar area, there is a 95% chance that its clientele is not even remotely close to something resembling "sober." Which is a good thing, because eating a garbage plate sober (which I've done) will almost always lead to an extreme sense of guilt, probably due to it containing all of the calories.Even still, UHots is a staple of Buffalo college life. So popular in fact, they opened up a second location near Buffalo State College (is it still open?) back in 2009-2010. If this review sounds a bit sensationalistic...that's because it is. UHots is something of a rite of passage for all WNY college students, and deserves all of the sensation.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,10/26/2013,13,11,4,17,3>I have come to accept a few things as truth. 1. The service at restaurants is usually pretty crappy the first week they are open. 2. The closer you get to the Niagara Falls Outlet Mall the worse the food gets. 3. The food scene in Niagara Falls NY has been in steady decline for some time. I am glad to say that the Griffon Pub proved me wrong on all three of these when I dined there last Sunday. I spent most of my life growing up in Niagara Falls and got pretty used to accepting that with a few rare exceptions (La Hacienda for pizza, Viola's for the occasional sub, and a sorely missed John's Flaming Hearth for the closest thing Niagara Falls had to upscale dining) the best you could do In Niagara Falls, especially around the mall were type of chain restaurants that I avoid like the plague. In the last few years more and more local restaurants have closed and signs for The Olive Garden, Chili's, and Buffalo Wild Wings have become sadly commonplace. Based on a recommendation from my mother and few friends I went to check out the newly opened Griffon Pub On Military Ave, which had only been open for 5 days as of my visit. I went in with family for an early dinner. I wasn't expecting much from the service but the staff was super friendly, attentive, knowledgeable, and really passionate about the restaurant and the food they were serving. Here are some of the highlights from my meal. 1. Buffalo Chicken Deviled Eggs (These blew me away - one of my favorite snacks, and this place does their version really well)2. Shrimp Po' Boy - The perfect Po Boy, really well seasoned but not too salty friend shrimp on a great roll.  Not at all sloppy or overdressed either served just right. 3. Crab  - My sister in law had these beer steamed crab legs and ended up sharing them with the whole table. Normally in places like the falls people eat their shellfish as an excuse to eat pure butter. But these crab legs didn't even need it. Sweet, tender, easy to crack, and well seasoned from their steam bath. The price was very reasonable for the amount brought to the table. Partway through our meal the owner came out of the kitchen to say hello and ended up chatting with us for some time about the food and his past experiences. He was extremely nice and really ended up being a wonderful and gracious host. Overall it was a great experience. The worst part was leaving the restaurant (which could easily be killing it in Buffalo or Lewiston) and realizing that you are still in NIagara Falls. Still it is nice to see a restaurant trying to do something different in that area and to do it really really well. I will definitely be back
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,10/25/2013,32,110,2,7,4>The business card states, "Best Italian in Buffalo" and they aren't just whistling Dixie. This dining experience was a genuine treat in every way.I was so taken by the Ristorante Lombardo's samples at the International Institute's Yelp Elite event last month that I picked up a business card with a note to self, "Must Try." I only wish that Handsome and I were less casually dressed for the evening, but it made no difference based on the fine treatment we received.I started with a nice Cab and he with unsweetened iced tea. The dining room was elegant - by no means stuffy - and we were honored to be seated by Mr. Lombardo himself. There were plenty of wait staff to cater to each individual's need at any time. And NO attitude. None. Bravo!Being our first time here, we decided to share several dishes. Even more impressed was the positively amazing Caesar Salad for Two that Mr. Lombardo literally whipped up for us on a sideboard brought to us tableside. We were told by our server that he has been creating Caesar Salads for over 37 years! It was by far the most astounding salad I have ever eaten. All the ingredients were added with total experience, no measuring. The fragrant freshly squeezed Meyer lemon, the EVOO, the garlic...every ingredient knew their role in this ultra fresh creation, served on chilled plates. The croutons were the best ever, hands down.Next we shared the French Onion Soup. It was served in a shallow dish really, hot and oniony and with julienne sliced bread topped with shredded Mozzarella cheese, not melted.Last to taste-test was the brick-oven pepperoni pizza: San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil and EVOO made for a delicious flavor on a perfectly baked pizza. It was fabulous.We allowed ourselves room for a dessert to share, what the heck. We agreed upon the Mud Pie and it was presented on a white rectangular-shaped plate with all the taste and texture that a mud pie should have. Some coffee and tea to top it all off and a bit of lingering made for a great ending to a great meal.To have such a lovely dining experience and then find out that Ristorante Lombardo has been an active member of the North Buffalo community since the mid-70s is fudge on the mud pie. Plus they feature a monthly dinner and local wine pairing event that you can read up on via their website.I implore you, WHY would one ever go to a chain restaurant when we have local folks doing such awesome work in our community? This restaurant so outshines any pre-made-and-served-with-attitude chain, there is no comparison.Oh, and you can make reservations online at their website via OpenTable. And click on the upcoming events tab and you can see a short video of How To Make Pasta Dough. How cool is that? How cool is this place? (Five star cool.)
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/24/2013,9,215,,4,4>Mayor brothers. It's been a fall tradition since I've been a kid. Although I miss the free samples from back then, darn bees ruined that!Anyways, nice pure apple cider and homemade pastries, donuts and pies. I'm a bit biased towards the donuts because I know where the frostings, icings and glazes are made! Yum! Stop on in, start a family tradition or just keep one going! It certainly is a festive stop for fall!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/23/2013,57,144,,4,2>I have a pizza joint within walking distance from my house. If I just want a slice or a cheap, cold sub, I'll pop in there. Otherwise, I'm calling La Nova. I've had their famed pizza and BBQ wings. Both are good but what really puts them on the map for me are their hot subs and the impressive delivery service.They promise a time, but they are ALWAYS here sooner. They have honestly surprised me a few times with how quickly they've gotten here. The food is hot, the order has never been wrong, and the drivers are always friendly.Nobody fills a hot sub like La Nova; and I mean nobody in any neighborhood I have ever lived. Order a cheeseburger sub from most places, open it up and you'll find two puny burgers cut in half and thrown on with tons of lettuce. Not these guys. The burgers, grilled chicken, steak, whatever the meat, is hanging out the sides of the roll. Any place else, I can easily finish a whole sub but these guys make that last quarter a challenge. Their prices may be just a touch higher than your other options but you definitely get what you pay for.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/22/2013,267,183,4,8,6>I found out about this place by word of mouth from my other half Dan. He said Julia has been cutting his hair for years. Dan also said that she can cut asian hair which I hear alot of the times my hair is hard to cut.I was able to book an appointment the same time Dan booked his so she takes as both so that block is reserved for both of us.There is tons of ample parking in the front of the place and on the side of the building if there are no stalls in the front. When you first walk in you notice that place is nice and fairly new. Upkeep is very well, nothing feels old etc. Also, the place is closed on weekends...Julia is a awesome stylist. Very friendly and awesome to talk to. She cut my hair exactly how I wanted it. i alternate with a side comb or a faux hawk and love it every time. She also takes care of my eye brows with her waxing services. Every time i leave Julia's chair, i feel like a million dollars and feeling fresh with a great lineup.Overall, fantastic stylist and if your in need of one, see Julia for sure.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,10/21/2013,122,85,,6,2>Was in the mood for something latino for lunch and hence began my yelp search. I came across Lappa C's comparison of Montes to another business in town which recently opened, and decided to give this quaint little store a chance. I pulled up to the store a bit nervous because the location is really not in a great part of town. Let's just say I tried to make my visit brief. The place is a grocery store which has a hot case on the counter with fried pork, roast chicken, chicken on a stick, and of course delicious-looking fried empanadas. All of the above can be ordered a-la-carte for less than $3 each, though I opted for the pork dinner which comes with meat, dirty rice (rice with beans and peas), and a small salad (shredded lettuce and a slice of tomato on top). The fried chunks of pork were savory and tender with each bite. The rice was perfect and served in a giant sized portion. I ordered chicken on a stick for a friend, which was tender and flavorful (I stole a bite). The meal came out to about $8 - a great price for a delicious home-cooked meal. Overall, I wish buffalo had more places like this for good, quick latino fare.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/20/2013,40,84,,3,2>I'm going to add this to the "exceeded my expectations" list. It is in fact a carrousel museum of a very prominent carnival/carrousel maker. That being said I, I set the excitement bar pretty low and expected the kids to embarrass me to the point of leaving in 10 minutes. Apparently they added newly restored mid century rides to the property (in addition to the 2 functioning carrousels they had already) that are an absolute blast. Wooden tokens are $.50 a piece and get you one ride. The staff is SUPER friendly and patient with all the kids. If you are looking for something to do with the kids wait for the next nice day and head over to North Tonawanda. I even went on some of the rides!!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,10/19/2013,168,1331,3,11,8>My new guilty pleasure...This could quickly become it (sorry Lone Star).I stopped here after driving by a few times over the past few months and noticing the cow out front.  A Cow and a Twisted Pickle was too much for me to pass up.  So in I went.The menu is dogs, burgers, fajitas, shakes and of course pickles.  Actually there is more to the menu, wraps, sandwiches and fries, rings etc.The owner was working when I dropped in, a nice man, I quickly learned he has 4 sons who helped come up with the name.  And a wife who said no to working on Saturdays, so he is open only during the week, which personally I think is great since the kids are still home and now he is too, at least on the weekends.He offered me a pickle, one of three choices, I forget two of them, the third was a garlic one, which I said yes to.  Now, he does not know this, but I am not a pickle fan.  Never have been since I got them with grilled cheese sandwiches in school lunches.  You know, those slices of green things that just tasted "funny", and this from a kid who ate more or less everything.  Pickles and tomatoes were a "no" for me for many years.  I got over the tomato thing when I learned that indeed "not all tomatoes are equal" and that they were GREAT when they were heirloom or other types, not the processed ones, that again, came with the school lunch.  Now I eat tomatoes daily, but only good ones, never from Subway types of places.  Pickles has taken much longer.  Until today actually.  This pickle was really really good.  Perhaps it was the garlic, I'm not sure, but I'm ready to go back and try another from him.  Not quite ready to try them elsewhere yet, but perhaps I will graduate to that as well, you never know.  (He makes them himself, and they can be purchased in bottles as well.)I also ordered a fajita, however, after seeing the "bacon dog" flyer on the wall, I changed the order to that, and I'm happy I did.  It was also very good.  I think a Sahlens dog, bacon I'm not sure, but it was good.  Of course, I do fall into the "bacon makes everything better" group, but even still, it was a nice dog and bacon.Since he's so close to the hospital, he does a brisk lunch business he said.  When I have driven by, its always been off hours, the parking lot has a few cars, but there is always parking, which, of course, I find to be handy.  He shares the building with a dr, and his space used to be a pharmacy, and some of the old wrought iron work is still there, which he's incorporated into his usage of the space.  He was at the Italian Festival on Hertel, and said they sold out there, so I imagine word is getting out.Come try out this tiny place on the corner of High and Michigan near Buffalo General.  Newly opened earlier this year.  And play some "old style" PAC MAN while you are here, he has the table version, very fun to see that up and working still. 4 stars, I can see it going to 5 when I have tried more of the menu.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/18/2013,20,81,,8,4>There's no shortage of fun things to do during Fall in WNY, and each year I venture to a different farm for some sort of fall activity.  The one thing that has been lacking in the area is a quality corn maze.  I know they are for kids, but I'd like to go through one that is slightly challenging or at least takes 30 minutes to go through.  Cambria Corn Maze is that type of maze.  There are two mazes, the large one takes about 45-60 minutes and the small one takes about 20-30 minutes.  I arrived pretty late in the day, so we went for the big maze right away.  Along the way you reach different signs with clues in them, and if you get them all correct at the end you get a free pumpkin.  20 minutes went by and I was actually pretty lost.  After some negotiating my 4 year old decided to lead the way (Running of course), and somehow we found our way out soon after (About 35 minutes total) If it wasn't about to get dark I would have went back in and explored some more and found the rest of the clues, but she was excited to find the end and was dead set on getting a pumpkin.  We didn't have much time to try the small maze because it was getting dark so we ventured over to the main area where I bought corn stalks and some pumpkins.  They also had all the typical fall fare, along with a hot dog vendor, hay maze, and a corn cob shooter.    I suggest checking out their Facebook page or website for hours, as I'm sure weather and time of day play a major part in when they are open.  It's cash only, and of course outside so wear your sneakers yuppies.  I'd also suggest getting  there with enough time to do both mazes, for $10 it's totally worth it, and if you have kids under 5 they are free.I know I'm going to go back so I can win my pumpkin.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,10/17/2013,27,50,,5,4>Whenever I go out for Indian I tend to order the same items. I certainly consider myself an adventurous eater, but perhaps I'm just a little uneducated when it comes to Indian food. That being said, it was nice to have an opportunity to dine with a group of 12 people this time around (think a variety of dishes to sample all around the table!).We started with a plate of various vegetarian appetizers. All of them were quite interesting and tasty. Everyone seemed to really enjoy them. An order of spicy chicken wings was also being passed around the table but I did not try them. In addition, a variety of specialty drinks (Lassi) were ordered and everyone had very positive things to say about them. I had the black tea which was nicely spiced and milky. I went with the Mater Paneer as my entrée. It was quite delicious but I felt that it could have been a bit more spicy (hot). I was surprised that we were not asked what level of spice that we would like our entrees. I really don't recall what the others in my party ordered....with one exception....the diner seated next to me, Maria B, ordered this wonderful dish called Baingan Bharta. Bingo! This is an eggplant dish which is roasted in a clay oven and then mashed with onions and tomatoes....and it was lovely! I will definitely be ordering this dish the next time I go out for Indian. :)We also had a couple varieties of Naan (Indian bread) with our meal. One was a plain butter style and the other was a garlic naan. This was the first time that I've ever tried the garlic and I am now a fan! My next Indian dining experience will also include garlic naan. :)We finished the meal with a delicious dessert called Rabri Kheer. It was a spiced rice pudding topped with crumbled pistachios. Another first for me! The employees and ownership were lovely during our visit. I found them to be quite charming really. However the service, for whatever reason, was rather slow and it took a lengthy amount of time for our drinks to be served. Perhaps that is because of the numerous specialty drinks that were ordered by our party of 12. Even so, I really enjoyed the fact we were not rushed which allowed us plenty of time to socialize. We had a quite a diversified group and it was nice to be able to get to know everyone a little better. Definitely and enjoyable outing. I felt that I left the evening with several new friends....some of which include newly discovered Indian dishes to add to my normally "safe/limited" choices.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/16/2013,14,185,,5,3>I get a very good vibe from the people here. My waitress was extremely kind. It's a Thai and Japanese mixed restaurant. I had sushi and then ordered a to-go plate the same day for a friend because I loved their gentleness. there are a few quirks that will probably work themselves out as the place is open longer. There were no decorations on the wall yet, but it has barely been open. The green tea had a tea bag hanging out in it. No big deal. I called in a to-go order from the Galleria mall, by the time I got to the restaurant it was ready to go for me. The lady chef was proud to claim that she was the one who made the Ginger Chicken. Sweet people. Their prices are excellent for dinner, about $9 even for sushi rolls! The to-go plates are kind of larger than the meal itself, but separates the different sides. the ginger chicken had asparagus and mashed potatoes as a side. The mashed potatoes part was kind of strange, but I didn't realize it was included anyways. It also included a soup or salad. I had the miso soup. The soup was piping hot, nice for the cold air. The tofu pieces were kind of small, but the kelp miso taste was delicious. $10 credit card Minimum. Last thing, closed on Mondays.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/15/2013,100,61,3,8,4>I stopped in for brunch with my wife and a friend Sunday around noon. We've been talking about going since we heard this convenient location had reopened with a new establishment. The front door has a fun "speakeasy style" door with a slit that slides open to keep the riff-raff out. Thankfully the door was unmanned for brunch and we slipped in without issue. We were quickly seated and I was very impressed by the stylish decor. Classy, but not over the top. We did wait a few times for our server longer than I would have liked, but I'll chalk that up to a new restaurant with new staff. They were very friendly. They kept the $3 mimosas coming (be aware they are a "glass half empty" serving so you'll likely have more than one) and provided a basket of muffins and pastries that looked tasty. I don't go in for sweets, but my wife and friend made short order of them.When the food arrived everything was beautifully plated. My catfish and grits was tasty and appropriately sized for a brunch and the very reasonable price. The chicken and waffles as well as the biscuits and gravy also seemed to be hits. This is a new and very promising new restaurant for the west side. I look forward to returning to see their evening menu and to try a few of their specialty cocktails. Cheers!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,10/14/2013,82,148,1,12,10>One of my favorite destinations in Buffalo, walk into Gene McCarthy's, and you could be forgiven for thinking you had stumbled through a wormhole into a pub in New York or Boston.  With a long, gorgeous wooden bar and a days or yore feel unparalleled in Buffalo, the space is enchanting.  It's the type of space that beckons you to order a beer, and another, and a third, then maybe a whiskey, then stumble home.That being the case, it is a very good thing that Gene McCarthy's places such a high import on providing quality beer.  The options on draft are nigh exclusively local, New York in nature, drawing from Community Beer Works, Flying Bison, Ommegang, Ithaca, Saratoga, and so forth at the stellar price of $5 per pint compared to $6 or more at other esteemed brew venues like Cole's or Blue Monk.  Bottles of your usuals are otherwise available at sub-$3 prices, so a relatively good deal.  (I still shudder in horror at the thought of paying $4.75 for a single bottle of Labatt Blue at Peculiar Pub in New York.)  While drinking, don't be surprised if a complementary cup of salted almonds (!) or chips with garden-grown pico de gallo is tossed down in front of you.  The airlines may be cutting back on grub across the board, but the folks at Gene McCarthy's know that a few snacks can extend a visit dramatically.Or grab something off of their food menu.  Here is my one concern with Gene McCarthy's, that the food is uneven item by item.  The reuben is a definitely plus item, but much of the rest (meaning the fries, the chicken fingers, the wings, the portabella fingers) merely suffice.  They're par for the course.  An exception is the burger, aptly described as a "ground chuck" burger without any deluded aspirations of greatness.  Sizable and well cooked, it unfortunately emerged underseasoned, undergarnished.  Beyond atmosphere alone, the real charm to Gene McCarthy's lie in its non-stop events.  Hosting weekly trivia contests and live music, regular club meetings for beer aficionados, and sporadic tastings where brewery owners visit to hold presentations (and did I mention these tastings are accompanied by three course meals?), there's always something going on in the pub.Though Gene McCarthy, the former owner and namesake of the bar, and his wife have now passed, the proprietors understand that their ward is a community fixture.  Pictures of Gene, his wife, and former patrons adorn the walls.  Locals exchange pictures and laugh about old times.  Many are more than happy to spend an hour imparting hard-won wisdom and spinning yarns about the good ole days, the days when Buffalo was at its apex.  Accordingly, the proprietors know that their role is that of the enabler.  Service is efficiently friendly, fully willing to share stories and banter but equally cognizant of their secondary function.  I've only been visiting Gene McCarthy's, but I already understand that it was and remains Gene's place more than it ever could be mine or theirs.But that doesn't mean that they can't build the name, build the legend.  To that end, construction is nearly complete on a small brewery to the immediate left of the main bar.  They expect to be serving their own brews in house by the early fall.  Once that is complete, I look forward to updating my review again with further information.But do yourself a favor.  However far the Old First Ward may be from your usual stomping grounds, stop by Gene McCarthy's one evening to relax.  Talk to a few of the regulars.  While a few minutes looking through the living history on the walls.  Gene McCarthy's was/is Buffalo in all of its mixed yet rich glory.5 stars for atmosphere4 stars for drinks3 stars for food5 stars for events4 stars overall
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,10/13/2013,37,78,1,3,4>I always enjoy going to the Brew Pub. The beer selection is very good for the area. Their own brew is consistently great and I make an effort to try each of their various brews. Beyond their own beer they also have an impressive collection of draft choices.I usually only go there for the bar, but I have had food there before. Their burger is good as well as their chicken wing soup. I have heard good things about other menu items as well. The free popcorn and peanuts are a fantastic plus. I could live on popcorn alone so I certainly abuse the free self-service all night long. Finally, worth noting is that they have two free dart boards. Seems simple but as a group we have sunk $10 or more in the pay-to-play darts at places like WIld Wings so having some free boards is a great touch.Overall the Brew Pub regularly enters into our rotation of bars to frequent. It is always a good time I am always satisfied with the night.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/12/2013,40,174,1,5,2>This place is bad news, and I'll tell you why, because its good. Why is it bad news then? Because its bad news for your wallet and your waist line, you will want to EAT A LOT of this stuff. I've never had frozen yogurt before or any chain/store previously. My friend and I were welcomed by an employee and instructed on the lay of the land. My friend had a choice of 3 vegan, sorbet options, so yays! I was told I could sample any flavors I like. I sampled the birthday cake, blech toooooo sweet and cake battery for me.I settled on the berry greek yogurt flavor which I loaded up with raspberries, blueberries and mango tapioca. The toppings really made this experience! The texture of the frozen yogurt was meh to me, but my friend said thats how frozen yogurt is. I guess I am more of an ice cream or regular yogurt person. I like a thicker texture to my sweets. Overall: Clean, friendly, bright environment to have a healthier, delicious treat when its hot out! Yeah this place is bad news because its not cheap but worth it for an occasional treat.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/11/2013,78,107,2,5,2>It boggles my mind as to why I rated it a 4/5 when I love this restaurant to pieces. Pros:- Delicious food. Absolutely finger-licking good (and they aren't even wings). Plate-licking good...? - Romantic, candle-light atmosphere - Did I mention that the food is splendid? Carrot parpadella. It's not cheap but it's worth EVERY penny. Cons- The restaurant can get a bit rowdy/noisy throughout the night which takes away from the romantic ambiance - It isn't a big restaurant so it's hard to facilitate a huge group - The waitresses sometimes seem a bit unprofessional, lacking the courteous smiles that are typically associated with the traditional up-scale restaurant- Even though I ALWAYS make reservations (I'm not one to take my chances), I always have to wait a good 20-30 minutes for my table. That's a bit annoying (especially when I can clearly see that my table is open; it's just taking forever for someone to just give it a quick 2-sec wipe) You might be thinking... what's up with this girl? She gives the restaurant a score of 5/5 but has so many cons on her list! I love the food... the service is lacking but I can't be bothered. They must put cocaine in their food... I've been to this restaurant at least 1-2x this year just to satisfy my carrot parpadella cravings. It's so creamy and delicious... ah. I would say that I've been to this restaurant at least 3 times in the past 5 months. It's definitely worth visiting at least once if you're a foodie & in the neighborhood. Take it from me.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,10/10/2013,594,380,4,15,5>If I ever have the funds to build my dream home, I will have a designated "Lodge Room" that is based off of the architecture and design of this restaurant.  The Lodge is so unique and the precision that went into designing the bar, tables, walls, ceiling, lights, flooring etc. is unbelievable.  The moment you walk into this restaurant you just think, "Man, this place is cool."  Yes, it's on Chippewa but no, their demographic is not frat guys or underage drinkers with decent ID's.  You have people in the upper 20's all the way up to the 70's.  I came in on a Friday night around 7:30 and the bar was full with the exception of two or three stools and the dining room was about 90% full.  There were bigger and smaller parties.  Lots of middle aged bachelors at the bar, young girls at tables and then you had the elderly couples enjoying some drinks by the fireplace. This place has something for everybody.  It is classy and sophisticated but on the other hand very chill and relaxing especially with the addition of a massive projection screen that had the Sabres game playing throughout our meal.The hostesses were very friendly and even though we were a half hour early for our reservation our table was ready.  They told us we could be seated or have a drink at the bar.  We went to the bar first and the bartender immediately came over to us and handed us drink menus.  She made suggestions and was SPOT ON.  I went with the Southern Tier Pumpking (How could you go wrong with that) and my friend got some cocktail with blueberries in it that she loved.  They have TONS of craft beer options.We were looking to spend several hours here, didn't want to be rushed.  Our waitress was awesome.  She too recommended several menu items and showed us the iPads that the servers use to take and send orders to the kitchen.  So, "with the times!"  We started with the Stag on a stick, blackened fish tacos and chile rellenos.  Chile Rellenos was the best out of those three, spicy and stuffed with goodness. Stag on a stick (Venison) was good but pretty small for the price and the fish tacos made with tilapia were also delicious.  Our waitress stayed on top of replenishing drinks but never once made us feel rushed to order more food. She did eventually come over and tell us we needed to close out because her shift was ending, totally understandable and within seconds we had a new waiter.  We ordered our entrees, went with the Lobster Milanese and Lodge Burger.  I am still dreaming of the Lobster Milanese, let's put it that way.  Un-freaking-believable.  I never want to order Lobster again anywhere else because I just know it won't be as good as it was here.  The Lodge burger was stuffed with cheese and was good too, slightly overcooked but very good.  All the dishes were PERFECTLY seasoned which is HUGE for me.  I don't like salt and never add it to anything and was thrilled that the dishes weren't overly salted. Then the dessert. Oh my.  We had to get two; the pumpkin cheesecake and s'mores.  The second our waiter said, "peanut butter, nutella and s'mores" in the same sentence, well, it was over for us.  Cheesecake was insane, just heaven.  The s'mores were good but they had bacon on them.....I don't eat pork so I just removed it but it was a little weird for me.  I don't think it needed the bacon, definitely added an interesting smokiness, but for me, dessert and bacon don't mesh.So this place is a total win.  Excellent service, great ambiance, mouth watering food and extensive drink menu.  This place will do very well.  (Heard the upstairs is insane but never made it up there.......til next time!)
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/9/2013,96,404,2,4,1>This is not a fancy place. Not by a long shot. I don't know about you.... but I find that the very best Italian food is found at these independently owned neighborhood places. And, "LaBella" is no exception.Just about every table was full last night. And the people just kept on coming in. Old people.... Families..... Middle-Aged People (ummmm.... me).... And, even toddlers. All had lots of food in front of them and huge smiles on their faces. The service was friendly and the place was clean. And, the menu had lots of pasta dishes, chicken and veal dishes, subs, and pizza. Everything looked delicious as it was delivered to neighboring tables.Dinners come with bread (wonderful bread!) and a choice of a salad or a side of pasta. Pasta dishes come with just bread. The salad is small-ish, but fresh and flavorful with iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, chick peas, and sliced green olives.My lasagna (the kind with both cheese and meat.... Yay!) was bubbling hot, delicious, and so huge that half had to be brought home.  It was honestly the BEST restaurant lasagna I've ever had. If I closed my eyes I would have thought I was eating in an Italian grandma's kitchen. Super yum!!!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/8/2013,91,62,3,2,2>I love the rural country feeling of this spot completely free from urban sprawl and only 10 minutes from downtown Buffalo. They have amazing gourmet sandwiches and other traditional Louisiana and Cajun dishes for lunch. We went there for a late lunch last week and it was a truly a laid back, very enjoyable dinning experience...just like being in the islands. We sat outside. I had a house roasted turkey sandwich and french bread and my wife had a shrimp "po boy" both meals were paired with an Abita Brewing Co "farm house ale" which they have on tap. We enjoyed our lunch and will definitely be back in the near future to try their dinner selections.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/7/2013,166,110,3,9,3>I fill like this is a hidden lunch time gem, so much so that I had to enter this business on yelp. So as you can see from the pictures for $3.49 between 11-3 everyday you get a huge plate of very good Chinese food. The kitchen is open so you see asian people cooking up your meal right there. I am a big guy and don't like going places I won't be full afterward from I am filled up by this place. Inside is nothing fancy, just 2 rows of basic tables and chairs to sit and eat your delicious, filling, cheap food at. Their is however a big fish tank with the biggest fish I have seen swimming around, sometimes they even put on a show and fight :) !If I had to guess I would say it is a local favorite, there are people constantly coming and getting pick up. Whenever I go with my friend who works near by he always sees co-workers. I don't know how they stay in business with good food cheaper then you could cook at home, but let that be their problem and your delight!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/6/2013,72,177,2,10,4>I had an incredible birthday dinner at Martin Cooks.First - it is possible to get a reservation the same week and in some cases, the same day. The Friday & Saturday 8:30pm seating is usually booked a couple weeks out, but we had no trouble calling Tuesday for a Thursday reservation and a friend called today and is there for dinner tonight. There is a rumor that they are booked months in advance but even procrastinators and spontaneous types can enjoy a meal there. Also, there are two seats in the kitchen which are usually available for fine dining emergencies.Second - Martin will accommodate any dietary requests. The meals are set for the week and are generally 90% vegetarian. My five courses were all vegan. Some items were vegan versions of whatever everyone else had and some were completely different dishes.Martin Cooks seats 14 people and has two meal services per night - 6pm and 8:30pm. Everyone sits at this beautiful wooden bar facing the kitchen (though four seats face the wall of alcohol) and watches Martin and his sous chefs prepare the meal. (You are allowed to defect to a table if you like, which a party of six did, but then you miss all the action in the kitchen and the opportunity to meet the people sitting next to you.) Martin serves you the food, tells you about the dishes, and will even nudge you as he tells you he left the goat cheese out of your faux sushi. There are five courses, including dessert, and champagne is handed to you when you first arrive.The food is excellent and the plating and presentation is exquisite. A lot of work goes into each dish and there are lots of fresh herbs and great flavor combinations. It's really thoughtful food.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/5/2013,63,92,,5,2>I've always enjoyed shopping at Country Peddlers.  You can find some prices on deli and produce here that beat any other stores I've found.  They have a great variety of other gourmet items, and bulk sales as well.  This isn't a supermarket - it is more of a family owned, classic grocery store with a very at-home atmosphere.Tonight, I stopped in ten minutes before closing to their ice cream bar........with 14 soccer families after our game.  The staff served us with smiles and worked hard to make sure everyone's orders were filled.  Not bad when you're looking forward to ending your day and going home, and 35 people show up on a Thursday night.That's good service in my books.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,10/4/2013,131,134,1,6,2>Taisho Bistro is a great alternative Japanese restaurant. And by alternative I mean, it offers many menu items you may not find in a typical Buffalo Japanese restaurant. Most of the Japanese restaurants I've been to in the area are either 1. overpriced and 2. Not unique in their menu offerings (with of course a few exceptions). Taisho Bistro offers a wide range of menu items you might consider "Japanese street food" that you would not find anywhere else in buffalo. They break out of the typical mold of just sushi and udon, and offer items like ramen, chicken katsu, japanese omelet fried rice, and street foods like octopus balls. Not only that, but they also do it at a very affordable price. The interior itself is a little eccentric in that you are not sure if it's a restaurant or a night club with the neon lighting, but if you can get past that, this is a great place to go (I really don't think the decor is as bad as some people make it seem - it's almost.. "modern"). The service is pretty attentive, however, the food does take a while to get out, so make sure you have some time on your hands. So, if you are bored of your typical Japanese restaurant, give Taisho Bistro a try!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/3/2013,198,661,4,7,6>I had absolutely no idea that this was here. And in driving around the area, I realized how many gorgeous brick buildings are in this area. Why aren't they converted to AFFORDABLE loft apartments yet?! :)Anyway, I came here for the Tuesday Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised. My friend Missy and I got here right at 5pm and there was PLENTY of parking on Hydraulic Way, behind the venue, in a couple of huge gravel lots. I would recommend getting here close to 5 if you can. 30 minutes later, there were lots of people, and at 6:30 when we were leaving it was PACKED. At 5pm, I was able to walk right up to the 2 food trucks I wanted to try out. No lines. LOVE.There is actually a ton of seating here, and tables too... The problem is, people will plunk down their stuff and Grandpa and go walk around while 10 chairs (oh actually 9, not counting Grandpa's seat) and 2 tables are taken up with no one sitting there! I hate when people do this! I see why you do it, but it's totally unfair. By the time you decide on your meal, my friend and I could have finished ours, in the shade at an actual table. UGH.Missy and I sat on the ledge of the patio for a bit, and my noodle bowl was a chore to eat in this position. A couple were getting up at the table near us and offered their seats to us before they left. That was really nice. So we finally got a table! The cool thing I realized though while sitting on the patio edge was that there were fresh basil plants growing behind me! I kept getting a sniff of basil but thought it might be my noodles. A dude was cutting some for "making sandwiches" he said. He was affiliated with the event somehow since there were professional photogs taking his pic while he did this. I just hope they didn't get my love handles in the shot. HAHA! But if they did, well good for me. HA!The only thing I would have loved to see is more recycling options. I put my water bottle in the garbage and didn't get a warm feeling from that but I couldn't find a recycling bin. Anyway, I love this place. I love the Happy Hour concept. I hope this continues forever.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,10/2/2013,90,142,3,3,3>Wow, how have I not reviewed this yet?  Golly, I come here as much as I can!Five Points combines a lot of things for me that make it an important place in Buffalo.  It has purpose, ingenuity, grassroots, activism, homegrown, cinnamon rolls, and coffee.  That basically means its perfect - right?I cannot rave enough about the cinnamon rolls.Their toast meals are also quite great.  My favorites tend to be the goat cheese and power bread combo, as well as a cheddar bread and blue cheese dip combo.  The latter is not for the weak of heart, but it will certainly wake you up for a great day!The atmosphere is great - I love sitting in here for hours.  People are of all types, talkative, and kind.I'm there right now, actually, and must stop typing so I can return to my cinnamon roll.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/1/2013,69,70,2,3,3>Oh man, I am so full. This place smells of delicious food and spices as soon as you walk in. The decor is quite different than I'm used to for tables and seating. They have traditional Ethiopian style tables, a low to the floor couch in the corner with a small table, and regular tables as well. There is also some nice soothing music in the background.The man who took care of us was very sweet and treated us well. We got seated within 30seconds, however the service is a bit slow. He gave us our menus, walked into the back, and it took a while for him to come back. We waited a while and he finally came back after 2 people walked in. He took our order, and it took about 20-30mins. The 2 people who came in got their food first. :( I hate that!! But I let it go because I did order a meat dish, and they only got veggie, so the extra 5 mins or so was okay.The food was very well presented and tasted fan-flippin'-tastic! NOTE: This is a FINGER FOOD DISH, but they have wet naps for all you neurotic-must-have-hands-super-clean people. Anywayyy, the lamb was so good! I added more spicy powder on top of it because I love spicy food. All the veggie dishes were delicious, the cabbage tastes sweet, the brown lentils had many delicious spices cooked into it, and the yellow split peas are so good especially if you grab some with the lamb. We also order a coffee which comes in these cute little cups. It's pretty strong tasting and bitter to me, but I don't generally like coffee without milk or sugar, so that's just me!I definitely will have to come here again to try the sambusas. I was too full to even think of trying it. LOL
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,9/30/2013,66,56,4,7,5>"If you take the second glass--from this a little bird soars upward, twittering in guileless cheerfulness, so that a man may listen to his song, and perhaps join in 'Fair is life! no downcast looks! Take courage, and march onward!'" -Hans Christian Andersen, The Ole Tower Keeper**************************************************­************************I remember when this place first opened. I thought it was wonderful - I still do but let me explain. There's not many cities where you can find a Belgian pub outside Belgium. This place actually feels like a Brussels pub and it has the beer to match plus some. This is a blessing and a curse because the novelty of a place that genuinely feels like a Belgian pub and serves nice beer is going to attract tons of yuppies. Numerous other reviews noted how crowded this place gets. I usually avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights because every time I drive by, the place looks and possibly smells like a can of sardines. During these times, Christine H. said it well in her review, the real "cool kids" are hanging out at other bars.With this in mind, I don't feel like I can knock this place for succeeding at bringing something completely unique to Buffalo that other major cities don't even have. I love the sprawling chalkboard and I also love being able to get a bottle of genuine trappist ale with the matching glass. The atmosphere is wonderful - It really does feel like you're at a bar in Belgium except no one is speaking French or Flemish.The food is unique as well, one of their staples being french fries cooked in duck fat with an assortment of tasty dipping sauces to choose from. They also excel at their mussel dishes and hamburgers. The chef here does a great job with specials - every time I have been pleasantly surprised. Just make sure you ask for a Coors Light with your meal, especially if there's lots of yuppies around.One qualm I do still have is that there was a cool quote from Hans Christian Andersen's story, "The Ole Tower Keeper" above the urinal in the men's restroom. It was nice to have something actually creative and intelligent to read in a bar restroom. Strangely it disappeared, replaced by something not even worthwhile. Perhaps they just moved it to the ladies' room, in which case, I hope they are enjoying it over there.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,9/29/2013,69,102,2,4,6>Whether you're looking for a quiet stroll, to go for a run or just a change of scenery, Forest Lawn is a good place for just about anything! I know, I know it's a cemetery... but did you know that it's an arboretum? Did you know that Rick James is buried here, along with  Millard Filmore? It's a fantastic place to read a book, draw & paint, or just to view the cherry blossoms in bloom during Spring time or even the leaves change color in the Fall. If you're never been, I'd highly recommend it all year round!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/28/2013,87,124,3,7,4>I just absolutely love this place. It is so delicious! I have to say it's in a random location on Main street but that shouldn't stop you.  There is outdoor seating and great service from both the bar and waitstaff.  The menu is upscale Louisiana cuisine.  As I have visited Nawlins, I think they are doing a pretty great job in bringing Southern food to B-Lo.  I've had everything from oysters on the half shell here to macaroni and cheese all of it has been simply delicious.  On top of the menu they have an excellent drink selection inclusive of craft beers and fine wines.  I have been there multiple times and will be returning again and again!  Maybe one day I will break down and try the frog legs?! PS Check out this place on restaurant week and they give you a great sampling of their food for an inexpensive price!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,9/27/2013,116,274,4,8,9>Simply Duh-mazing! Food is spectacular. They have the best Pastellitos ever. And extremely fair prices. Service is prompt and professional. I seriously know this place will do well. I love the location. People need to realize that the majority of the world is good and stop being scurd. My only recommendations are 1. Colder draft beers and frosty mugs Luvs (I love Pumking beer from September - February. Never change that and when you do make sure it's with Blue Moon) 2nd. Purse hooks (but please don't damage the awesome bar art.)
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,9/26/2013,47,60,2,5,3>I don't know if I should tell you about this. If you don't know about this and don't seek it out, that means my drink wait doesn't get any longer. It's means the kitchen can loiter over my fish fry and well-poured Guinness, because yours isn't a factor. Okay, that would make me a selfish jerk. As I already am that, I'll share on this point. Swannie is no b.s. dive bar, but a quality one, whose drink specials consist of just not overpricing their fare. There is a lot to be said for that. The patio is just cut out of their parking lot, but there was something to be said for having a table that was the perfect spot to watch the fireworks from the nearby ballpark.Two quality sandwiches, two rounds of drinks and a order of fresh cut fries that needed a ladder for proper scaling, just over $30 bucks. Great, good humored staff. What's not to like. So, I came back for a proper pint the next night
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/25/2013,29,154,,7,4>Saw that Mischler's didn't have a review and wanted to leave one. My close co-worker's mother passed away last summer and I wanted to send a nice small arrangement to cheer her up. I went through Mischler's and was very pleased with the arrangement they sent after my friend sent me a picture of it. The lady I spoke with on the phone was appreciative for the business and did not make me feel rushed on the phone. They promptly and professionally delivered it to her home and she was so pleased by it. It really made her day during a difficult time.  About a month later, I received a long hand written note thanking me for being a first time customer, hoping I was pleased with their service, and for supporting local businesses. You don't really see customer contact like that anymore.They also very frequently provide flowers at a discount for my educational place of employment for special events. Great local business!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/24/2013,62,99,4,5,2>O.M.G.THIS IS A MUST ON YOUR LIST!Ok, so I have a confession.  I'm obsessed with coconut, and in all capacities.  Coconut body wash, coconut shampoo, coconut lotion, coconut shrimp, coconut smoothies, coconut oil, coconut flour, regular flaked coconut, coconut milk, coconut water...but more specifically Coconut CREAM PIE.  What's weird is that I have historically throughout my life HATED coconut, but for some strange reason, I all of a sudden started obsessing over it recently.  No, i'm not pregnant.  ...but the same thing happened to me with zucchini (specifically sliced in sticks rather than circles) when i was 22.  I guess my taste buds are growing up? Anyway.  We came to Ruzzine's on a recommendation from a coworker of the hubs.  The infamous burger is what drew us in, but it is the COCONUT CREAM PIE that keeps me coming back for more!  (sometimes twice a month.)The burgers are insanely delicious.  No need to get the huge monster burgers...they are just too big.  The topping choices are phenomenal.  And the burgers are always cooked perfectly.  The sweet potatoe fries are good.  The french onion soup is good.  The pastas are good.  The wraps are good.  The COBB SALAD is so fresh and hands down the best cobb salad i have ever had, or could ever dream up....and, of course, their extensive list of delectable desserts looks great too...but I just cant seem to make it past the COCONUT CREAM PIE.I literally think about this pie on average twice a day.  Twice a day now for the last six months.  And I even TALK about this pie to people.  People are starting to think I'm crazy.You either love CCP, or you hate CCP.  But with this CCP, there is nothing to hate, even if you fall into the hating CCP category.  The whipped cream is real, and just enough (not too much, like you find on some versions of this pie.)The filling is hearty, and sweet, and has the perfect texture.  I like to take a bite, mush it in with the crust, and let it roll around on my tongue.  Usually my eyes are closed for that part.  But the crust.  OH, the crust.  I think this is what sets it apart from any other recipe.  The crust is light, and crumbly...made with actual toasted coconut.  My mouth waters thinking about it.  ...and it is the crust that keeps this establishment at the forefront of mind, heart, and soul.I'm pretty certain they pay an outside company to do their desserts for them (I grabbed a catering menu once but forgot the name of the baker on the flyer.)  And, for the record...you can purchase an ENTIRE pie, if need be.  Although I know this is against my better judgement so I have yet to go down that road.  haha
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,9/23/2013,10,18,,10,9>I just went Friday night for my anniversary. This was seriously one of, if not the, top dining experience of my life so far. The waiter, Jacob, was EXTREMELY knowledgeable and passionate about the food that was being served. We were able to take our time dining through five courses. Two and a half hours total. That's how I want to experience a fine dining restaurant. I wasn't made to feel like we were in a rush or that they were trying to flip the table or that we were not spending enough money or that we looked too young (my wife and I are 28-29).We started with drinks and were given 10 minutes to "unwind" and review the menu. While we waited they brought over complementary tuna over cucumbers with crème fraîche and capers to "get our taste buds working". Then a bread basket was brought out with our choice of house made olive oil or French butter. Jacob talked to us a bit about the first course specials and suggested a few as well. He took just our appetizer order at this point. We chose raw tuna (flown in fresh same day from Hawaii) with avocado cream, radish, and soy sauce. Incredibly tender and succulent. He came back to check us and talk us through the next course options. Next we each had a salad comprised of local organic greens, local organic plums, almonds, bleu cheese, and peppery vinaigrette. Standard salad but the flavors were spot on and the plums took it to another level. After another 15 minutes or so he came back to refill our drinks and take the main course order. I went with the lamb loin and my wife the bass (which was also flown in same day from Alaska, cut to order, and this particular type of bass was only available for two weeks out of the year he told us- so we had to go for it). Awesome, awesome, awesome. Both entrees were incredible. To wind down we closed with house made toffee gelato, biscotti, and a small French press coffee to split. You know it was a great meal when you want to make reservations again before going out the door. This was the first time I wrote down a server's name to ask for again when (not if!) we go back. My suggestion: Take some time, dine right, ask for Jacob, and enjoy the night.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2013,9/22/2013,21,107,3,4,2>I'm savoring time with my eldest daughter right now. She's graduating high school and leaving for far away in the Fall. I stole away from work in the middle of the day when I usually don't take lunches ever to take her out. She suggested Coco. I had a pretty lame lunch there last summer and have been bearing a grudge. I decided to be open and sunny and not grumble, so I clammed-up and drove. It was great! Our waitress was lovely. The menu is paired down, elegant in its offerings. The pizzas looked delicious, the salads were not too fussy, it even has my all-time favorite -  a simply vinaigrette dressed arugula with Parmesan shavings. My daughter had lemon linguine and mussels which was tangy, salty and cheesy, a fabulous combination. My softshell crab salad was a little disappointing as the crab was fried and yet refrigerator cold and small and soggy and the salad itself was really boring BUT I DIDN'T CARE because I was voraciously eating the rosemary fries. My mood lightened considerably when they hit the table. So puffy they were almost empty inside, hot and crispy on the outside, sparkling in big salt and smelling like rosemary. They are insane. French fries and donuts have to be worth the calories for me to eat them. I don't go around eating bad versions of them. These are worth it.When my daughter leaves for college we'll have "shared" many, many more bowls of these. I suggest anyone having a tense or sad time with a loved one head to Coco and share a bowl of the rosemary fries. After my daughter leaves I'll be having untold bowls to cheer myself up. I'm lucky, I have one more daughter to savor for a little while more.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,9/21/2013,32,67,,7,4>I've been going to the Transit Drive-In for over 30 years and have yet to have a bad experience. It's the perfect venue for everything from a family night to date night. You can't beat the price of two (sometimes three!) movies for the price that you would typically pay for one showing at an indoor theater.The snack bar prices are similar to any theater, a tad high, so I usually bring in a few snacks (fruit, pizza, etc.), but purchase popcorn and soda to keep our favorite date night location up and running. (Funds from snack bar purchases keep the drive-in in business!)Summer weekends with fantastic weather and an awesome line-up of films do allow for the perfect storm. Be aware that on these types of nights you do need to arrive early because the line of traffic to enter the complex will be backed up for miles. However, have no fear about killing time due to arriving early. There is a mini putt-putt on site or you can occupy your time by bringing a deck or cards or board games. Before you know it, it will be show time!Speaking of show time, the nostalgic snack bar and bug zapper "commercials" before the film showings are one of my favorite parts of the drive-in experience. The same films have played since I was a kid and it brings back such great memories to see them still playing as an adult!Overall, the Transit Drive-In is a great night out during the warmer months. Dress up in your comfy clothes, bring a cooler with your favorite beverages, and curl up with your pillow and blanket for a memorable night!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,9/20/2013,28,28,1,2,2>Colter Bay is definitely one of my favorite spots in Buffalo. I do not adventure here often but when I do it is a real treat. The food is great the service is not the best but I think I'm just unlucky and I always get the new girl. I went there with my rugby friends after a hard day of practice we wanted to eat some delicious food and tasty beverages. We weren't super hungry or looking for huge entrées like fat Bob's. so we decided to go to Coulter Bay we all found something. I love the sweet potato fries so I knew I couldn't leave without them but I decided to get a bowl of French onion soup and this is pretty risky for me considering most places I go to have really salty French onion soup and I never understand why they can't make it like mom. There was a thick layer of cheesy goodness on the top and the onions and bread were cooked to perfection with deep hearty flavors.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,9/19/2013,3,12,3,7,1>When I moved to Buffalo for the first time I was only introduced to Tops and then Wegmans. However, on further prodding I saw this lil gem sitting in the Elmwood village. You will mostly get what you want especially if you're into organic food, local produce, fairtrade and all that good stuff. Staff is absolutely charming. But again it's good for food purchase...I wouldn't buy dishwash liquids, toiletries from there. Generally crowded on weekends and weekday evenings, generally filled with hipsterish crowd. Though you would occassionally bump into the who's who of buffalo (don't know who). Love the grains and chocolate section and the takeout buffet is good too.Warning : You will end up spending more at what you would generally in a Tops or Pricerite. Since it's organic :)It's good for an occassional splurge.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2013,9/18/2013,6,23,,2,3>We go every week for trivia, though recently service has been sub par. The loss of our favorite bartender has impacted our experiences there. Some nights the bartenders clearly forget about us; I realize the bar itself is busy, but there is always a crowd on Wed, why don't they have a 3rd bartender working? Hoping they get it together, it is our preferred spot for Wed trivia. Updated menu is decent  - wing sauces are good, mozz sticks are good, some of the burgers are good.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,9/17/2013,268,183,,2,2>Everyone in the area knows about Paula's. If you like donuts, this something to definitely try. Be prepared though, they can be pretty heavy! Don't forget the milk (or soymilk for you lactose intolerant)!In terms of variety, Paula's has a great selection to choose from. I enjoy their red velvet like most reviewers, and I also really like their cinnamon one! A lot of their others have some sort of cream or custard, which I occasionally like. But if that's something to tickle your fancy, I always hear great feedback from friends about those! It's at a new and larger location now, much farther away from campus (was one of the perks of South campus). Now will have to travel far for some donut goodness!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,9/16/2013,59,154,2,9,3>It doesn't get any better barbeque than this.  I've been coming here for a few years now, and I have never been disappointed with any meal.  The only usual disappointment is when they run out of what you want!  The smoked polish sausage and fried corn are always my go to meals because they are literally amazing.  I usually order the two meats + one side, and I alternate the second meat.  I tried the brisket yesterday which is was delicious, but I usually go for the chicken or pulled pork.  Everything is made from scratch (sauces, sides, and all) so the quality is unmatched.  The meats are always tender, juicy, and flavorful.  The North Carolina barbeque sauce is my favorite.  It is a vinegar based sauce, which I had never heard of, but it is loaded with smokey spices and flavors, and it makes everything even more delicious.  The fire and ice pickles (which are these spicy pickles) are always a go-to side when they are out of the fried corn.  The fried corn is not actually fried.  It's like sauteed corn in a spicy and smokey sauce, and it is out of this world.  But then again, EVERYTHING there is out of this world.  I'm drooling just writing this review!I recall one time a year or two ago when I went in the afternoon with some friends and the BF.  I really wanted their smoked polish sausage, but when I ordered, the owner's wife told me that they were still smoking it, and that it wasn't quite done yet, so I ordered the smoked hot dogs.  About 5 minutes later, she comes back out and says that the polish sausage is basically done, and that they could easily pull some off for me if I wanted.  I feel like you don't get that type of service from most restaurants!  The prices are very good too, especially for the insanely good quality food you receive.Every time I go, I get asked how the food was.  They actually really care, and are EXTREMELY friendly.  The craziest thing about this place?  It is NEVER busy.  Ever.  Dinner time, lunch time, there is always room.  This is a true hidden gem in Buffalo, and I rank it as possibly my favorite restaurant in Buffalo.My recommendation though, call ahead to see what they are out of, because sometimes you have your heart (or stomach, really) set on something, but they run out (which is frustrating, but it's also a good sign I think).  If you love barbeque and pork especially, this is the place for you.  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/15/2013,69,317,2,5,1>Stopped here on a whim and can't wait to return.  I saw a million dresses I wanted and came extremely close to purchasing one.  The owner and staff were so friendly and helpful with valued opinions.  There was a range of prices but more on the high end. All unique stuff.  They dry clean and iron everything.  I already started telling people about this place!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,9/14/2013,33,157,2,5,2>I went to CRaVing last night for my 3 year anniversary. Brad is a fan of Chef Adam Goetz and he enjoyed Sample so I thought this would be a good place to go to.The atmosphere is great! I liked the chalk boards with the menu and specials written on it. It was very dark and set an excellent mood.Tina was our waitress and she was wonderful! Very friendly and helpful with menu options and what entrees she liked the best.Brad ordered the rack of lamb and I ordered the ricotta gnocchi. We also split artichokes and the calamari for appetizers and the housemade s'more. I loved the gnocchi! The brown butter sauce was very different than anything I have had but it was delicious. The only thing I thought was it could do without the walnuts in it, and Brad agreed when he had a bite. The lamb was good as well, but a very small portion. The appetizers were delicious as well. I had a little bit of the artichokes and Brad and I agreed that the broth it came with was delicious. I loved the calamari as well. It was very different than anywhere else. My favorite thing, though, was the s'mores. Tina told us they had kept it on the menu from Sample because it was so popular.The only thing that bothered us (Brad more than I) was when we first sat down, we were told they were out of the pork belly. This is what Brad had really wanted to try. While we were waiting for our food, the man at the table next to us ordered the pork belly and when we left we saw that he got it. I thought we must have misheard that they were out, but Brad was sure that's what we heard. I would recommend CRaVing to anyone looking for a nice, intimate dinner. I think we will definitely come back, and maybe try it for lunch!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,9/13/2013,147,187,2,7,4>After ranting and raving about this place over the past year and a half, my significant other finally took me here last night for a special occasion dinner. This place boasts fancy - expensive menu, luxurious cars in the parking lot, and even a sign upon entering the door "proper dress required".  So let's mention the elephant in the room, this place needs a MAJOR face lift to match!  I like this excerpt from Hungry A.'s review "The decor is anything BUT modern - however the food speaks for itself".  Which I can agree with 100%.  Personally, atmosphere is important to me when dining out.  If I am getting dressed up to go out to dinner, I want to be in a place that warrants me getting dressed up.  This reminded me of an old Italian Kitchen from the 60's.  I would have felt more comfortable in shorts and t-shirt due to my surroundings (I may not let my boyfriend read this review, because he would completely disagree, since he appreciates the old Italian vibe).Moving on, everything else was top notch.  Our server (I don't recall her name), was very informative and professional.  Her manners were of what you would typically receive from a fine dining establishment.  It was evident she knew exactly what she was talking about, down to precise pronunciation of every menu item and special she spoke of. We ordered a bottle of Malbec, and were served a bread basket to start off with.  Accompanying the bread was butter and an olive sauce.  I would have preferred oil, but that's just my opinion.  We ordered the arancini for our appetizer, since this is all my boyfriend had been talking about.  I have never tried arancini and I was impressed.  I have read NUMEROUS reviews about the ever so famous, BMTF's Buffalo arancini, so I now want to try that to compare the two.  I ordered the Pasta Romano, which was spaghetti, sausage, and banana peppers in a red sauce.  It was HUGE and delicious.  It could have used more banana peppers though.  My other half ordered the chicken parm and eggplant parm entrée.  They had a specific name for this, however I forgot (it is not listed on their online menu; it was on the specials list).  From past experiences, he ordered this and loved it again.Overall, we had a wonderful, romantic, and charming intimate dinner.  4 stars, obviously just minus one star for the décor & atmosphere.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,9/12/2013,13,63,3,8,3>i'm beginning to think that Buffalo Chef, Mike A., was born with a golden horse shoe up his posterior, because it seems the man can do no culinary wrong...he keeps swinging for the fences, racking up run after delicious run.gal pal and i made Tappo our destination for our regular girl's night on a wednesday evening, and decided to tempt the fates and skip making a reservation.  those crazy sisters must have been smiling upon us, because we walked right in, and were able to sidle our way up to a couple of seats at the very lively and crowded bar.  we were so comfy there with the friendly and attentive bar service, we decided that is where we would eat our dinner.we ordered up a $15 bottle of something red (i really love this model, the options are not bad, and it makes the night easier to enjoy knowing you're not paying a ridiculous markup on a bottle of wine you can easily grab at Premier. so what if they give you small glasses to drink from?  it just makes you sip more slowly, or tricks you into thinking you really got more value for that $15.  i don't see the harm in this.), the garlic spinach bread, the eggplant parmesan, and the alfredo.  we were thrilled that our dishes were served up quickly, and we found every single one to be well executed and delicious, no kidding.*the cheese bread was utterly awesome and full of flavor, plenty of cheese and plenty of garlic.*the alfredo was perfectly seasoned and constituted.  the only way it could have been improved is to switch the pasta to something freshly made, because you can absolutely tell the difference. portion was more than adequate, but not McSized.*the eggplant parm was seasoned well and crispy.  the side of pasta and sauce was just as tasty.  again, fresh pasta would really distinguish the food here...overall, we loved Tappo and will definitely be back.  the space is open and interesting, yet the atmosphere is unique -- its well made italian comfort food in an upscale and sophisticated setting.  while old uncle frank and aunt mary probably wouldn't be impressed, i would call this modern family style italian cuisine at its finest, at least in Buffalo.our only criticisms:  the rooftop was not open for service the night we were there, and we hope this doesn't become routine, because i'm dying to sip some wine and watch the stars from up there.  and finally, the FRUIT FLIES.  they were everywhere around the bar, all over open bottles of wine, all up in our glasses of wine, drowning in our wine.  this usually indicates a sewer/drain issue, and i would encourage them to look into this or take precautions (like keeping the open fruit behind the bar under wraps), because this is a real nuisance to an otherwise perfect evening out.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/11/2013,54,84,,5,3>Woah, this place is my new favorite breakfast restaurant! The food is delicious and the portion sizes are perfect. Quick overview of my experience: we came here at 10am on a Friday morning and had to wait for about 10 minutes. When we were seated at a two-topper, we placed our order and received our food all within 15 minutes. I ordered the #33 under Crepes D'Amour Sucrees (Sweet-loving crepes), which was strawberries, honey butter, whipped cream and strawberry coulis. I LOVED this and would get it again, but there are so many other ones that I'm excited to try first. Two minor criticisms: first, the waiting area is miniscule -heaven help you if it's a blustery winter day. There's room for ~4 people, comfortably. Driving by sometimes, I see that there are groups of people standing outside. Luckily the service is quick so chances are, your wait will not be too long. Still, Break'n Eggs is a perfect candidate for expansion -I've gotta believe they're raking it in, with the rate people are flocking here! Second, the hours! What the heck?! Tuesday-Sunday 7am-3pm. I don't know about you, but I could go for a crepe almost any time of day but because I work 8am-5pm Mon-Fri, it's tricky finding a time to come here. It's safe to assume Saturdays and Sundays are busy days for this place but I would love if they were open one day a week until 8pm or so. The service here was fantastic. Very helpful, enthusiastic and attentive the entire time.I can't wait to come here again and try the breakfast crepe, which is served with egg, bacon, cheese, home fries and fresh fruit, all wrapped up in a delicious crepe. Mmmm!! :)
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,9/10/2013,53,94,2,8,8>The United Office Building, constructed in 1929, was in 2010 reborn as The Giacomo; a boutique luxury hotel with a commanding view of the American Falls.  Walking distance from the falls the Giacomo hosts 39 spacious guest rooms and 24 residences.  Residences can be leased for a minimum of 3 months to infinity.  The hotel's luxurious guest rooms typically range about $40-$60 more than similar offerings in the area.  So why bother?  Well it's a lot more than the selection of chocolates in your room when you arrive.  The Giacomo is an experience unto itself.The hotel wraps you in luxury from the moment you arrive.  Marble floors, warm cherry and mahogany trim, lofted ceilings, beautiful wall paper, Italian linens and butler service for every room.  Oh yes I said butler.  Your personal assistant will see to all your pampering needs.  Select rooms also come with fireplaces and Jacuzzis to accompany the already resplendent baths.  Add to that a full European style breakfast and some phenomenal views and ask yourself - isn't that worth a little extra?In my book The Giacomo is the finest hotel and the best value in Niagara Falls.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,9/9/2013,72,331,1,6,4>Just realized I never rated these guys when I first stopped in to check out the place and grab a growler. Setup is nice inside, as you get to see the brewing system setup and belly up to the tasting bar at the same time.As to the beers, they definitely do a good job here. Frank and the Whale seem to be the staple beers found at other Buffalo bars. Both are easy drinking goodness. Then one of their newer creations, The IPA, is absolutely delicious. It actually just recently took second place in an National IPA competition beating out very tasty competitors like Founder's and Bear Republic. Seek it out if you haven't tried it, you will not be disappointed.A welcome addition to the micro-brew scene in Buffalo, allowing me to get my drink on and buy local at the same time.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/8/2013,67,52,1,4,3>This is such a beautiful and contemporary salon, situated in one of the best spots on Ellicott Street. Right next to Seabar, stop in here to get pretty before dinner. I live in Clarence and gladly make the trip here to see my girl, Annette.I originally started coming here because I bought a Groupon for a facial, and unbeknownst to me, stumbled into this gorgeous place owned by the family of a high school buddy of mine, Michael Roetzer. He is the color extraordinaire there and his gorgeous sister, Annette, is who I see for pedicures and facials. I even followed her briefly, to another salon she was at temporarily. I'm so glad she's back at Fix.My first date with her was a facial. I've never had a better one, anywhere else. The room she uses is private, at the back of the salon. It's dark and cozy in there. I was up on a warm soft bed, where she put steam and eucalyptus aroma over me. She spent her time massaging my face with beautiful smelling and feeling potions. She also massaged my feet and legs, offered me water after. Soothing, but not cheesy, music was playing in the background the entire time. Let me tell you, I walked out of there feeling like I had been on a weeklong trip to heaven. I felt like a million bucks and my skin glowed. I've been back a couple times for facials, and will be back again.Now let me tell you about the pedicures Annette has given me... Did I mention I followed her to another salon? Yes, she's that good. Their price for a pedicure is on par with other places and its so worth every penny. They have one pedicure station, next to the manicure station, all in their own room in the salon. Truthfully, I love this, as I hate being crowded in a row with other people. Annette masterfully does her thing to make my feet look gorgeous. She never cuts too low, and always ones a great job. A disappointing thing to me in the past is pedis that chip quickly or not enough skin or callous removed. You don't have to worry about that here. I'm currently sporting a pedi done over a month ago, with no chips and my feet still look fresh despite being on my feet all day, all week at work, showers, hot tubs, pools, and such. I've had a pedicure last over almost 3 months before! I can say enough about her mad skill! I love coming here not only for the great service, but to catch up with Annette and Michael! The decor just makes it so relaxing, yet with a really cool vibe. One of my favorite places to be!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/7/2013,126,349,,6,5>I was walking down Main Street today and noticed that Strawberry Island is gone and has been replaced with a significantly healthier and trendier juice bar... hooray!  This spot on the street seems to be doomed - I haven't seen any business last here, but I'm really hoping Squeeze can do it. I grabbed a menu and checked out the newly opened place. I'm excited to try the "Alive" juice with spinach, kale, parsley, apple, cucumber, celery, lemon, and ginger!There's also a ton of options other than that, from juices with just fruits to a mix of fruits and veggies, and smoothies for that so-much-better-than-dessert snack. they have some great mix in options too, including various seeds (hemp, flax, chia) maca (which made me laugh out loud seeing as I'm an arrested dev fan), spirulina, creatinine, acia, whey, etc. My favorite mix-in option, though? Coconut oil! yeah!I'm excited to make my way through the menu and hope Squeeze can find success in this location!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,9/6/2013,78,507,3,6,4>Awesome little spot, conveniently located on 3rd between Ferry and Niagara. They have a pretty large menu considering they serve pizza, wings, subs/wraps, and salads. Also on Fridays they do "Fish Fry" which I have learned is a local tradition. Surprisingly, they have lots of seating inside if you want to eat in but it looks like most of their business is take-out and delivery. What's really neat too is that they deliver even to some of the local bars so while you are getting your drink on, you can just give them a ring, place an order, and they'll bring the order right to you!My friend and I each ordered a wrap to eat in and were quite satisfied. Some other friends that we met up with after ordered in wings to the bar and I was sort of wishing that I wasn't so full because they smelled amazing! They devoured them in no time.We also met the owner who was friendly and jovial and clearly cares about his business and customers.I'll definitely be back!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,9/5/2013,47,73,4,8,6>Have been wanting to visit this South Buffalo tavern for a long time and finally made it last night to sample their famed wings.  If you're not familiar with the area the bar can be easily missed, since it's just off of South Park on a side street...and yep I drove right past it on my first attempted visit.The bar is small but inviting and they have a long bar room shuffle board/slingers table along the right wall covered in an extensive history of Buffalo Bills pictures....sweet!  The bartender and patrons are friendly and even started up their our own fun Bills lore "did you know" trivia conversation next to me.  My friends ordered up a double order of the hot wings and fries to split.  I ordered up a single order of the medium wings.  And Blue Lights to wash everything down. I liked how they arrange the wings and celery in a circle around the blue cheese (see pictures)....kind of like the circle of life.   Wow!...These wings are huge, meaty, and cooked perfectly!  The sauce is different than the typical wing sauce you will find around Buffalo, it's got a savory buttery taste (like movie theater butter they put on popcorn type of flavor), with spicy sweet and sour elements...excellent all combined together.  The yummy butter flavor really stands out on the medium wings.  Only problem with the sauce is it is not as thick as some other wing sauces I've had and tends to slide off the wings on to the plate.  The thicker cut fries were really quite good and cooked how I like, but a little on the salty side. At one point while we were enjoying our beers, wings, and Buffalo Bills history trivia; Journey's Don't Stop Believing came through the speakers....it felt like time stood still for one brief moment.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,9/4/2013,136,280,,8,5>There are a lot of new restaurants springing up around Buffalo, most of which are commendable.  But The Phoenix stands a head above not only these other new restaurants, but above many old, established restaurants as well.All business owners should take a lesson from the owner of The Phoenix.  Every time I have been in the building, she has been working the host stand, seating patrons, checking food, patronizing with guests at the bar and saying goodbye to people as they leave.  She does this without being in your face or disingenuous.  She warmly and genuinely thanks everyone for coming to her restaurant and does her best to remember each and every face.That in itself is enough to impress me.  But that's not what gets them my 5-star rating.Ambiance: the interior is open and welcoming.  Lots of different seating options.  They also have a gorgeous back patio enclosed by wood fencing and lots of beautiful lights.  This patio also has a small bar for quick service.  The service: fantastic! Our waitress was prompt, friendly and very professional.  She seemed to really be enjoying her night.  I imagine the restaurant runs smoothly because they seat at specific times: 6 and 8.  We came in around 10 and avoided the 8 pm seating but no one acted as if we were an inconvenience.  Everyone was happy to see us.The food: Perfect! They bring a very small tasting sampler with some hummus, olives, pickled carrots and cauliflower, roasted walnuts.  Small enough not to be filling but wakes up your taste buds and gets you excited for the rest.The menu is very unique and has something for everyone.  Vegetarian, fish, red meat, pasta ... I went with the horseradish crusted salmon which was served with crispy leaves of spinach (I believe they were deep fried) over a flavorful rice pilaf.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and the horseradish topping was a great complement.  It was not quite "crusted" but it was so delicious that I didn't object in the least.We ended the meal with apple crisp.  I so rarely see this offered at nicer restaurants because it is such a simple dessert - but I love it! This one was deliciously sweet with lots of caramel and ice cream.  My only suggestion would be to use fresh apples - it was clearly made with some sort of apple-pie filling or some other canned stuff.  While tasty, it wasn't fresh and crisp.I am already raving about this restaurant to everyone I know.  By far, my new favorite restaurant in Buffalo.  A wonderful addition to the Black Rock neighborhood.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/3/2013,9,57,4,10,9>THIS PLACE!  THIS PLACE!!!  This has to be one of the best places in the Buffalo area, hands down.  I have seen three movies here over the years and I absolutely loved it.  This place is a cafe cinema (meaning you get to sit at tables and order food/drinks while you watch a movie) so it is already unique.  The staff is so friendly and the people are really cool.  I don't remember the price (you can check their website) but I remember it being pretty cheap for just movie tickets.  They show the best old movies like Hitchcock movies or Casablanca (every Valentine's Day).  This is definitely a must-go if you like movies at all.A final point: One thing I worried about was that this place would be filled with "movie snobs".  You know, those people that go see old movies and then say things like "ohh yes that in fact was a 1936 AeroStar sea plane not a 1938 Windmark sea plane as the movie makes it out to be, yuck yuck yuck..." and then stares at you for not knowing this simple fact.  But, in fact, the place is filled with friendly regular people who just want to enjoy a movie.  I like that.  A lot.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/2/2013,79,74,4,7,6>Oh my goodness, where have you BEEN these past few years, Miss Hot Cafe??Ever since moving to Buffalo, I've longed for the Chinese food of yore, classic staple dishes cooked up or stir-fried in the way only a high-heat, Chinese restaurant wok can. Some restaurants have come close - May Jen has fairly authentic dishes, and Kung Food offers some solid Taiwanese style eats - but none have been able to evoke the warm fuzzies that dining in a sit-down Chinese restaurant brings me quite the way Miss Hot Cafe does. I think it's a combination of atmosphere, taste, and the nice owner lady!First off, the menu is classic, from its presentation to the menu items themselves.  It is hand written, with notes jotted down in some sections and dishes crossed out with red pen in others. One section isn't even in English, but don't let that deter you, just ask and the staff are glad to help! It is divided into soups, small sides, different meats, veggies, and specials, and it offers everything you'd expect, from scallion pancake and dumplings, to game and seafood, to various tofu dishes, to veggies. You won't find an overabundance of fried rice or stir fried noodle specials here; Miss Hot Cafe's menu highlights a separate main ingredient in each dish, meant to be eaten over white rice. And tea and rice are on the house, just the way it should be!Food tastes excellent. Unlike a lot of other Chinese places I've been to in Buffalo, each dish has unique flavor. Their ingredients are also very authentic - bamboo shoots, wood ear, chili peppers, and scallions accompany the main proteins with not a wayward bell pepper, water chestnut, or baby corn to be found! My friend and I have had the crispy lamb, string beans, family tofu, scallion pancake, and Sichuan tofu soup so far, and I am pleased to say that we loved every single dish. On top of everything, the owner lady is SUPER nice, and service is excellent!!N.B. This is a family style sit down restaurant, and it's reflected in the portion sizes. Best way to eat here is to come with a party of 4 or more, order one dish per person, and share! You'll definitely get your fill, plus some food leftover. Of course, you can do what I did, too: come with a friend, order 4 mains between the two of us, and eat like there's no tomorrow.N.B. #2 (for vegetarians):As with most Chinese places, just cause a dish is listed under the "vegetable" section, doesn't mean it's vegetarian. "Vegetable dish" literally just means that the main ingredient is a vegetable. That said, if you ask them not to add meat, they will gladly accommodate. I can personally attest that flavor is not compromised.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,9/1/2013,36,63,,3,4>I've been bringing my two kids here for 3yrs now. Both started after their first birthday. The entire staff here is wonderful and super kid friendly. The kids actually look forward to going now. There are toys to play with, games, movies (in a theater room in waiting are and above each exam chair), and a coffee station for the adults. Each of my kids was greeted with a big welcome on the chalk board for their first visit (I'm a nostalgia nerd so of course they each got a picture under the sign for the baby book). There is also a private exam room for when they a re little and first being introduced. Assistants and dentists are super patient and make the experience fun for them. The kids get a little toy at the end of each visit (and a toothbrush and paste, of course). I highly recommend this place for kids of all ages. I hear they treat adults now too, but I can't speak to that.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,8/31/2013,90,142,6,6,2>Taking a cue from the name I'll make this a Quick One in the style of a fortune cookie, which you will not receive after your meal there because this place is legit:"Man who order off of secret Chinese menu will inherit a belly of delight"Learn Chinese:  àn baoshí (Hidden Gem)Lucky Numbers: 34, 5, 3, 21, 8, 13
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/30/2013,39,92,1,5,2>This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Buffalo area. Luckily it is very close to my work so i go at least once a week. My favorite dish there is the kimchi jigae, which is a spicy broth with cabbage and kimchi, tofu, sliced pork, cellophane noodles, and a few pieces of rice cakes, garnished with scallions. It comes in the piping hot stone pot, with a bowl of rice and the typical appetizer dishes. For newcomers, i would recommend some of the lunch boxes with the beef, it has a little bit of everything and the beef is usually very well seasoned.I also enjoy the seafood pancake - it's very big so better if you go with a group, but if you don't, they reheat very well in the oven (or toaster oven to save time). Also the bibimbop(sp?) is delicious if you like vegetables. It's a mixture of blanched vegetables and rice and meat (or seafood) on a bed of rice that comes in a stone pot, with a raw egg cracked on top and a side of hot sauce. you're supposed to mix the hot sauce in and stir everything up while the stone pot is piping hot, so that the egg would cook. After the initial stir-up, if you just leave it alone and not stir again, the rice at the bottom of the stone pot will harden/crisp up, which I love!I haven't tried the BBQ here yet, it seems a little overpriced, considering there are lots of all you can eat korean BBQ places in Toronto. Wegmans also started carrying various brands of korean BBQ sauces so you can actually attempt to bbq korean style at home if you have the right grilling tools!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/29/2013,53,252,1,6,4>There's not a thing I'd change about Betty's. the menu is sophisticated but never fussy, the ambience is casual and clever, and the service is always great. There are lots of VEGETARIAN options, but also plenty of choices for the omnivores said vegetarians may have married.Most recently, I had the lunch special--a grilled cheddar, tomato, and avocado sandwich with a cup of vegan beans-and-greens soup ($9.50). Other veggie favorites include the Roasted Veggie Yummwich (a wrap), potato pancakes, some delicious salads, and mostly vegetarian soups. Daily specials also feature vegetarian options with seasonal ingredients. Around Thanksgiving, I like to order their vegetarian stuffed winter squash--packed with veggies and corn bread.Finally, I must warn you to somehow save space for dessert. I'm rarely a fan of restaurant desserts, but Betty's are fresh and flavorful. In particular, the Wacky Cake is a must-try (and be sure to order it with ice cream).
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,8/28/2013,165,165,2,8,6>WOW! 'Nuf said...End of review.Actually there's more, came here for my birthday and it will be one to remember. Upon arrival we were greeted with a smile and a thank you for calling to say we would be a lil late for our reservation. Promptly seated so the pleasures could begin with our waiter taking our drink selections and explaining the menu. We chose the "Chefs tasting" menu, 8 courses including dessert, small portions but after all, it is a tasting  and by the end it was more than enough food, brought out timely, not rushed and lasted about 2 hours. The rundown went like this..1.Sweet corn mousse and smoked salmon 2. Oysters 3. Crab cake 4. Home made mozzarella 5. Wagyu beef tatar 6. Scallops 7. Duck 8. White chocolate mousse. Of course just telling you the main item in each course in NO WAY can begin to describe the meticulous way each dish was prepared and presented. The service was excellent, replacing silverware after each course, pushing in the chairs, re-folding the napkins, thoroughly explaining each dish and filling the water glasses without being seen doing it all added to a most pleasurable dining experience. I could really go on and on about all the little things that made this dinner great and how amazing everything tasted but you get the idea, just go there!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/27/2013,82,198,5,8,5>New Jamaican joint Kalypso, located conveniently kiddy corner from my favorite comic book shop - Queen City Bookstore, has quickly joined the ranks of University Heights everything-in-one-take-out-box awesomeness along with Kung Food. Ambiance/service - While they don't have their own lot, there is a large, free public lot behind the gas station diagonally across the street on Windspear. The restaurant was small and sparsely decorated, but well-placed booths provided ample seating and the natural light (though cooking us in the late afternoon sun) was nice versus some of the cramped, dim store fronts on Main. It was quite clean, with a huge kitchen in back you could see through the plexiglass sliding window in front of the cashier (I'm unsure if this feature pre-dates the current tenants or they fear robbery/violence, but it gave me flashbacks to the awful corner store on Hudson and Cottage). They were playing Cool Runnings on the lone tv, which I found both strange and amusing given the owners/employees actually being Caribbean. It's sort of like a Chinese restaurant playing Mulan in the background. Either way, service was prompt, not particularly friendly but not rude either, and he warmed up quickly when I raved about the food. Which brings me to...Food - My new slogan is "Pet the goat. Eat the goat." Somehow I manage to find goats both one of the cutest (and most pet-able) creatures on earth and one of the most delicious. Maybe growing up on a dairy farm and knowing that the moo cow you were petting last week is now on your hamburger bun has a bit to do with this. But I digress...I was STOKED to see curried goat on the menu. Far more common in Caribbean and Indian cuisine than in typical European fare, goat is gamey and tough if prepared incorrectly, succulent and rich if done right (as it was at Kalypso, with the bones and fat left for flavor in the slow cooking process). Americans who don't come from backgrounds where goat is common typically won't order it (or even try it ; I've seen people literally snear at when served on Indian buffets) so a lot of restaurants shy away from putting it on their menus. Two thumbs up for ignoring that urge. A curried coat lunch special, with a heap of meat, rice, kalypso slaw (a sweetish, almost citrusy take on coleslaw), veggie of the day (a large, perfectly cook plantain the day I came in) and rice and beans is only $6; I missed lunch but the same meal for dinner (I don't know if the portions are different), a deliciously fresh strawberry & pineapple smoothy and a huge extra side of the slaw was only $12 with lots of leftovers. My bf's curried chicken was awesome as well, and quite spicy. My only complaints -  It was too hot inside the restaurant - on a low 70's day it was SWELTERING, between the kitchen and the sun streaming in through the mostly-glass store front, but both exterior doors were closed. I'm not begging AC, just open a door, get a fan...something.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,8/26/2013,113,171,1,5,4>Buffalo's best artisan ice cream now has a new matching stellar building to go with it!  Located right at the heart of the locks of Lockport, you really can't get a better view!  Mixing exposed brick with deep cherry hardwoods, Lake Effect's new home can't be beat.   LE's ice cream is now readily at a few Wegmans and other groceries around town but I promise the pilgrimage to Lockport won't disappoint.  Not sure if you want to splurge on pint at the store, I tried 3 of their flavors before settling with Icewine Sherbet.  Their flavors are quite unique, and aren't your run of the mill vanilla or caramel swirl from Perry's.  Why not try Loganberry, frozen hot chocolate, cinnamon toast, banana pancakes or whiskey and brown sugar!    Some of the flavors might be out there, so I'd suggest asking for samples, as the 'gin and juice' wasn't really for me even though it sounded delicious!  As far as ice cream in buffalo goes, you won't be disappointed and it's a nice drive!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/25/2013,22,55,3,5,4>Me and my family love coming to Old Man River for special little outings, like bike rides along the river and nice river side picnics. The seafood shack has delicious steamed clams and a great little outdoor patio area with live music. Tonight, I came with my hubby and baby and we enjoyed our food on a picnic blanket across the street by the water. I didn't know you can order your food "to go" until tonight. It was perfect. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and cheese fries and a kid meal for the baby. In the kid meal, he got a cool Old Man River frisbee. My hubby ordered a burger as well and also the "dog in heat" (I think that's what it was called). All of the food was great and the service was excellent. Very friendly staff. After we finished our dinner, we headed back and enjoyed a couple of ice cream cones as we walked along the river. Nice little outing. Oh, they also have a little car out front that you put $.50 in for the kiddos to ride. Very family friendly environment. :)
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/24/2013,58,72,6,9,7>I want so badly to give 5 stars, but I must wait and revisit before I allow myself...I went here with 4 people total in my party, we arrived about an hour before close on a Wednesday night, which is usually something I hate to do.The service was MORE than welcoming, I believe our waitress's name was Andrea??  She was wonderfully attentive and quite charming as well.  The food???  Forget about it!  admittedly, I'm bias because there was Cardoon and Sphinge on the menu which immediately takes me back to my Nana's kitchen.  We ordered a range of menu items.  The arancini were amazing!  I had a duck breast special that was cooked perfectly, with some lovely sides as well.  Then, while we were a little too stuffed to eat desert, the waitress mentioned Sphinge.  4 perfectly fried pieces of dough with some canoli cream to dip them in???  A gift from the Sicilian food archives and one to be enjoyed!All in all this place earned my love and adoration with how much I felt at home and familiar with the menu, but also excited.  I look forward to going back and trying it again!Update... I've now been back a handful of times and I'm happy to report that nothing has changed. The food is always inspired and well prepared. The service is flawless and I still feel like family every time I'm here. :) 5 stars!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,8/23/2013,50,116,4,3,2>I'm rating this based off of my bakery and bar experiences.....I have not tried the sit-down meal yet.Caramici's is a bar....and bakery. What's not to love about that? Have some cake while drinking a Stella!The bakery has a moderate-sized menu of Italian delights, mainly cookies and cakes. The cakes are amazing in look and taste. You'll just have to go there and see for yourself. The cannolis are hand-made to order and fresh. I highly recommend them. The brunette behind the counter was really cute as well.......just saying ;)My friends and I visited the bar a couple nights into the restaurant opening. It was much fancier than we thought it would be and we immediately felt out of place wearing jeans walking in off of the street. The older bartender didn't really know what he was doing but he was very nice and I'll give him the benefit-of-the-doubt.The restaurant menu looked pretty decent, but I think I'll only be back for the bakery. It's not mid-20's crowd friendly.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/22/2013,77,131,3,10,5>This review is for ONLY the salon and ONLY for Maggie as I have not yet had a chance to sample their other services.  I will update my review when I do ...I have curly hair.  It's awesome when you live in a humid climate, not so much when you live in Buffalo.  I have gone to several hair stylists - even driving an hour away - and had come to the bitter realization that my love affair with my curls couldn't survive the western NY weather.I mentioned to an acquaintance of mine that I was moving to Allentown.  She (also a curly-headed girl) immediately sent me the details on Chez Ann and told me to make an appointment with Maggie.  Skeptical but hopeful (my friend has awesome natural spirals), I made the appointment for the following week (Maggie apparently alternates between here and NYC).The staff at Chez Ann are very welcoming and professional.  They made sure that I felt comfortable, offered me a robe to cover my clothes, something to drink since it was a hot day, and made small talk with me while Maggie finished up her other client (I was early).Maggie was awesome.  She specializes in curly hair and immediately explained why she uses a razor and not scissors. I've had stylists use only razors before, but I never understood why.  NOW I get it! She quickly identified the look I was going for (but failing to achieve) and made a couple of suggestions.  She didn't try to sell me a zillion products like some stylists, but instead told me what she would use with my style.  She also didn't try to schedule me back for a cut in 4 weeks, but instead told me I would need to see her again in probably 4 MONTHS, and to come back for a simple (cheaper) trim if my bangs started to get out of control before then.I've paid over $120 for so-so hair cuts.  Recently.  In Buffalo. Maggie was only $60 and I can't believe the difference in my hair!I'm falling back in love with my curls and it's a wonderful thing!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/21/2013,32,110,6,7,4>Whoever you are, Cecelia, your place is just terrific! Finally got to try Cecelia's Ristorante one recent Friday evening, and what a pleasant experience.It was chilly and rainy, so we chose to reserve seating indoors; you can make reservations online if you'd like. Upon arrival, we wondered, frankly, why the host seated us, a couple, under the bright lights and next to a large family party, when there was plenty of perfectly available seating in the quieter, darker banquette seating where we directed our host to please lead us, which after a brief hesitation, he did. Our server was Sarah, a delightful pro indeed. She asked us if it was our first time visiting (was it obvious?) in order to inform us of their well-known offerings if so. Having admitted I'd never had a martini in my life, she was practically giddy to share her ideas for which one to try first. I went with a Cable Car and oh, boy! what an amazing concoction. It was simply superb. Noticing a nearby glass of something interesting, I asked Sarah what that might be, and she let me know it was the White Sangria and of course, I had to try that. Again, two straws up. It was so delightfully refreshing and fruity, and very light. This is not your grandparents Sangria.Another server presented us with a basket of warm and crusty flatbread, seasoned perfectly with a side of dipping oil. When asked what was in it, he placed his fingers to his lips and insisted it was a "secret". Well whatever it was, it was delish.Our Sarah was happy to suggest entrees when we were debating between two items. My guest had the lobster bisque and claimed it was the best he ever had. High praise from a Cape Codder.I ordered BAKED SPAGHETTI (Spaghetti with ricotta cheese & mozzarella baked in their family tomato sauce) and it was amazing, hot, fresh and just right. He ordered RAVIOLI (Cheese ravioli in their roasted red pepper cream sauce with sweet peas or with their family tomato sauce), two very happy guests indeed.The clouds opened up as we were about to leave and Sweetie made a dash for the car while I waited in the patio where a few brave guests were seated. I must point out Celelia, you need to shelter your fabulous servers, they mustn't resort to darting in the pouring rain, using serving trays as covers over their heads for Pete's sake. Suppose you have an extension created on that patio cover, from the patio to where they were seen dashing back and forth? How nice it would be to enter under a nice, long NY-style awning from the sidewalk to the entry, then we'd all be covered in the event of rain, after all, it is Buffalo, and it doesn't just rain.We shall return to Cecelia's and tell those in our circle, if they haven't already, to give this excellent Elmwood gem a try.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,8/20/2013,130,75,4,5,3>Dear Joe's Pizza - where have you been for the past nine years of my life? How could I have been in Buffalo for so long, been searching for the best pizza in Buffalo for so long...and only just have found you? Here is the New York style pizza that I thought Buffalo incapable of making. Thank you, Joe's Pizza, for renewing my faith in the possibility that the perfect pizza could be only a few blocks from my house. Signed, down-state transplant.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,8/19/2013,17,28,6,6,5>My love of Swirls and loyalty kept me away from here for too long.  There are two cupcake shops in EA, and they can best be understood in relation to one another (and this may involve some revisions to my Swirls review).Firefly wins for inventiveness in flavors.  Maybe I've gone to Swirls too much, but I peeked in there today and didn't see anything that I had to have.  But, for a first-time visit to Firefly, I found a bunch of flavors, most of which looked intriguing.  The cupcake I had was very good, but the texture of the frosting was less fluffy than Swirls and the flavor of the cake was solid, but not exceptional.  Sizewise, Firefly definitely makes a larger cupcake.  Also, they seem to squeeze in a bit more frosting on top.  Coffee is the place where Firefly shames Swirls.  Sorry Swirls, a Keurig machine doesn't impress, but an assortment of Stumptown coffees available in a french press or as a pourover is a really nice option at Firefly.  They even have a sheet at the ordering counter explaining the differences between a press and a pourover for the uninitiated.  Maybe this will improve when Swirls moves to their new location, but if you want coffee with your cupcake, FIrefly is the only shop you should consider for now.Also, random point for Firefly: their cupcake push pops.  I've never seen anything quite like them.  Two mini cupcakes crammed into a plastic tube that you eat like a classic push-pop.  You say "cupcakes are already a handheld food, why do you need to try t make them more portable?"  You would be correct, but this doesn't make them any less fun or adorable.Overall, I think I slightly prefer the taste of Swirls, but it's not an outright trouncing, and Firefly has many other points that inch them just ahead as a total experience.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/18/2013,13,65,1,7,3>My son and daughter-in-law brought me to this lovely restaurant for my birthday. For a Wednesday evening it was surprisingly busy and the sleek, sexy bar was full, as well. We started by sharing a dozen fresh oysters on the half shell. While on the small side, they tasted fresh and delicious. Next came salad. I had a beet, avocado, goat cheese, pea leaf and pistachio mixture served with a light citrus vinaigrette. Normally it is served with shaved horseradish but I asked for it on the side because I am a wimp. Just a whiff made my eyes water! It was generous and I could have made a meal out of that and the wonderful bread. It was crunchy and sweet and I loved it. Of course, I must admit, I am a huge beet fan... On to my entree, which was really a pasta course, but my appetite is just not big enough for a secondi, as well. My son's was though. In addition to his pasta course he had a very nice grilled filet. Back to my pasta; I love rabbit and it is not on very many menus in Western New York so I was delighted to see it here. In Italy it is often served whole and while delicious there are many tiny bones to contend with. This dish, however, was comprised of large chunks of tender coniglio (rabbit) in a tasty ragout over home-made pasta. TO DIE FOR. I had the smaller of the two sizes and it was, in my opinion, a normal dinner size. For dessert I had Mud Pie, a semi-freddo served over an Oreo crust with whipped cream, surrounded by hot fudge, with, of course, a candle in it! Happy birthday to me! I practically licked the plate! The service was impeccable from the moment we walked in and the owner took our coats, to our server who was friendly and saw to our every need. The prices are on the upper end for Buffalo but the food and the experience are completely worth it.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,8/17/2013,5,80,1,4,4>My oldest daughter was visiting me from Oklahoma so I took her to see the Kip Moore, Greg Bates, Maggie Rose Star in WYRK's Acoustic Show on 20 March.  I have been there many times and have nothing bad to say about the theater at all.  The acoustics are great and so is the seating.  There is not a bad seat in the house.  The evening was wonderful especially since I was able to spend it with my daughter.The only drawback is the parking.  There are very few "disabled parking" places in the University's parking lots.  So it is always a 15 to 20 minute painful walk for me.  Lucky for me there was no snow or ice on the walk ways that night.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,8/16/2013,168,1331,3,9,6>BREAKING NEWS - Another new addition to Hertle - and, not a restaurant. This is a lovely store.  Simply lovely.  They sell olive oils and vinegars - I tasted two of the vinegars and they were quite nice.  Now, we use alot of oil and vinegar both in our cooking and salads, so we do keep in stock all the time.  I did not come home empty handed.The website thehouseofolives.comwill take you to their prior location in NC.  They closed shop there and moved back to Buffalo, where I understand the mother and son team are originally from.  NCs loss is our gain!  So while the website shows their old address in NC, the rest of the info is relevant for us here in Buffalo.They are having a "Grand Opening" celebration during the Italian Festival in August, which I understand from the son (working when I went in) is one of the largest in the country.  This was something I did not know.  They plan to be open daily, M-F from 11-6 or so, other hours on the weekends.  I did encourage them to post the hours on the door.Stop by, pick up a few bottles to enhance your salads, you wont be disappointed.No Amex yet, but I'm sure it's coming.  Their machine does take V and MC.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/15/2013,11,12,1,4,5>I have been playing this course since it opened. The landscape is fantastic. The groundskeeping team has done an amazing job keeping the course in great shape. After 4 pm during the week, 18 holes with a cart is only $29, $25 for nine. Since the new ownership, construction on the property has been substantial. A new clubhouse has been built along with a full service bar and restaurant called Rooth's Sky Lite. The menu is quite extensive. They serve breakfast all day, which is great. The rest of the menu is standard pub fare such as burgers, wraps and chicken wings. As for drinks, the bar has a full liquor license. The beer selection is standard domestic and imports. They offer a bucket of five beers for $12. There are some craft beers such as Southern Tier IPA, Sierra Nevada pale ale and Magic Hat #9.The food was good and the ambience was fitting for a golf course. All in all, the golf is great and the addition of the bar and restaurant improves the full experience.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,8/14/2013,27,50,1,4,3>I stumbled upon the Gelato Gypsy stationed at Larkin Square this evening. It's a cute little bicycle cart that serves Gelato and Sorbetto! It looks like the cart is set up to offer 6 flavors, each concealed under a golden dome. When I arrived at Larkin Square around 8:30pm all the food trucks and vendors were pretty much packed up. Lucky for me this cute, shiny red cart caught my eye. A piece of paper taped to the side of the cart revealed the 6 flavor offerings of the day.....unfortunately 3 of those flavors were crossed off/sold out (but it was the end of the day). I opted for the SMALL size ($4) with a combination of the mint and coconut gelato flavors. Compared to my previous experiences with gelato shops I thought that it was a generous serving for my $4. Both flavors we quite good. I was particularly fond of the coconut flavor.The woman who served me was extremely pleasant. I assume that she is the proprietor - Amy, as per the business card that I picked up. According to her Facebook page, it looks like the Gelato Gypsy has been scooping and peddling around WNY since the end of June this summer.Really cute idea!!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,8/13/2013,28,15,1,5,5>Attention Pizza lovers of WNY: Call and place your order right now. Since moving to North Tonawanda over a year ago, Good Guys has been my go to for all my pizza cravings. I am not even sure how to describe it, its a hefty slice for sure. The sauce and the amount of cheese used is perfection. It reminds me of when my parents used to take me to Pizza Junction as a child only better! Everyone behind the counter is extremely friendly and efficient. I have yet to have a bad pie from here so I suggest if you haven't already, make the call!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/12/2013,57,144,8,12,8>Do you recall the first time you experienced a rather exceptional lover; better than anything from your past? Well, I apologize if the comparison seems crass, however this is really the only way that I can convey my experience at Vizzi's today.I left my phone on the charger at home so I'm sorry to say that I don't have pics.I enter. The ambiance is "corner bar". Considering that I'm by myself, I sit at the bar and the bartender takes my order. She is very friendly and personable. I order the cheeseburger and was pleased to see that fries were not the default side. There were the options of pasta or potato salad (my favorite). The bartender asked me how I wanted my burger done; always a good sign but we'll see. I order it medium. Then she asks my cheese preference and pepper-jack was an option. Bonus!  The plate comes out with this giant burger and what I'd say was at least two pounds of potato salad. Once the burger was topped and assembled, it was slightly too tall to fit in my mouth...and I can fit my fist in my mouth...not sure why I know that.The burger was in fact, done medium and seasoned with a hearty amount of garlic which warmed my little Italian heart. The potato salad was amazing. If you are a light eater or if you grew up with parents that filled you with fear over not finishing everything on your plate, I suggest bringing a friend and sharing one order. I ate it all and that wasn't easy. I had to sacrifice finishing my beer.The cost of that plate? $7.95If there is a better burger in Buffalo at a better price, I haven't been there.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,8/11/2013,16,37,1,5,4>Since discovering Koreana, I've eaten there 3 times in the last 2 weeks.  This is my go to spot.  I've had Korean food in Buffalo, Rochester, and Toronto.  Koreana is by far the best in the area.  The owner is a lovely lady.  She is so nice.  I highly recommend the pork kalbi.  That is my favorite item.  The soups are not overly salty.  As many have said, this is what a Korean mom would cook for you.  The price is right.  $20 for two is a bargain.  Closed on Sunday.  Certain items are only available on certain days.  I'm still chasing that Potato Soup.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/10/2013,122,85,1,7,6>One of the first restaurants I visited after moving to Buffalo one year ago. Kung Food opened spring of 2012, and I'm happy to have seen positive progress and evolution of this fine establishment. The restaurant serves the University Heights community and is situated across from UB south campus on Main st. KF offers a style of cuisine with Japanese/Taiwanese influence and what I call healthy "fast food." They have recently undergone a change in management and now offer more options to customize your order. Now lets talk about the fooood. The menu is pretty simple - main dishes are chicken, pork, fish, or veggie in either the fried/katsu or grilled/teriyaki variations. The fried option can be further divided into 2 flavor types: Kung food (a sweet sauce with a kick) and night market (a dried pepper seasoning). Each dish comes with two sides including a unique potato salad with egg, glass noodles, cucumber salad with a unique kick, or salad with a ginger type dressing. Entrees used to only be served stop white rice, however now you can choose between rice, a bed of salad, or their tasty new garlic noodles. Additional entrees include beef short ribs and calamari. Portions are large and I often have enough for my next meal. Obviously you can't have a true Kung Food experience without ordering one of the many bubble teas offered. Patrons can customize their bubble tea order by choosing either black or green tea, flavor type, sweetness level, and the addition of boba, jelly, or both. The texture of the boba is right on! Overall KF provides a consistent experience and somewhat healthier alternative to some of the other options in the neighborhood. It's the best spot around the UB south campus for bubble tea!I would also like to add that they have eliminated the black styrofoam containers and have been replaced with containers made with 25% reusable materials. They are still styrofoam but its an improvement in the right direction!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,8/9/2013,27,140,4,7,5>Tasty! I kept going mmmm...mmm...mmmmmmm. :)I think I'm in love with Indian food. All the spices. All the different types of curries and meat/vegetarian options. The drinks. My oh my!I think what's so great about Taj Grill is their selection. There is so much to choose from they have something for everyone. If you've never had Indian food before, I think this is a good place to start. The Medium spicy is not spicy at all, so it's perfect if you can't stand spice. They also have hot, and extra hot, and if you're not sure, you can always get spice on the side.I strongly recommend trying one of the Indian drinks. They have a yogurt-esque drink called Lassi, which comes in different flavors like Strawberry, Fig, and even Pineapple! If yogurt drinks aren't your thing, their chai tea is really good too. :) It's not served with sugar, but that's perfect because you can gauge how much sugar you want to add. So good!!!For the appetizer, my partner and I ordered Samosas, which are always a favorite with us. The mint chutney was suuuuuper green. It looked kryptonic. I wasn't a fan, but I don't really care for mint. The Tamarind chutney though, oh my gosh, it was amazing. It tasted like jelly, but even better than jelly. I seriously wanted to take it home and put it on a peanut butter sandwich, haha, it was so tasty. Our waitress said it has apple in it too, which maybe that's why it reminded me of jelly. But seriously, I was addicted, and I started to eat the chutney with a spoon by itself, haha!For the entree I ordered the Fish Xacutti ("sha-ku-tee") and my partner ordered the Baingan Bhartha (eggplant). I never had Xacutti before, but oh my gosh I loved it. I'm also a big fan of Baingan Bhartha, and Taj's wasn't bad. We ordered medium, so like I said earlier, it was kind of lacking in the spice department, so maybe I'll try hot next time. It was hard to decide which I liked more, but the Fish Xacutti probably won me over. I kept going mmm......mmmmm..mmmmmmmm while I was eating. I kind of got self-conscious about it, and was wondering if I was being obnoxious to the other customers, but seriously! I couldn't help it!We also had the garlic naan, and it was alright. I think it could have been more garlicky. I liked that it had cilantro in it though. That was a nice touch.All in all the food was really good. Some of it was mediocre, some of it was delicious. :) However, the service was extraordinary. I'm a stickler when it comes to good service, but let me tell you, Taj's service was stellar! I seriously felt like a sultan. How they came in ever 2 minutes to fill my water glass, I felt so loved. They were so busy, but they always found time to help out our table. Taking dirty dishes away and putting sparkling clean dishes in their place. It was amazing. Haha, I didn't have to do dishes so I didn't care! :DThe servers were super funny and friendly too. I think there wasn't a single moment our server didn't have a smile on her face. She was soooo nice and good-spirited. The other waiters were super nice too. 5 stars on service.All in all, I'm definitely coming back in the future. I think the food isn't as good as India Gate, but I like the setting more. It feels so much more open and roomier, and the service is so good. There seems to be more choice selection also.I definitely recommend Taj, so try it out. I kind of want to take my partner's mom here. She's never had Indian food before, so this will be a good test. :)As a side note...about 75% of the customers here were either Indian or some sort of Muslim descent. I think that's a good gauge of how good of an Indian restaurant it is. :) They also do banquets apparently. There was a family of 20+ people in the side room. They even seemed to hire a photographer to take pictures too. It was super nice and classy. I wouldn't mind having a banquet here. :) Maybe one day! Wedding reception? Hehe. I'm not even Indian, haha.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,8/8/2013,82,148,7,19,9>The minute I stepped inside the Howling Rooster Cafe, I became an instant fan.  The minute I gobbled up my first bite of my brunch, I became a devotee.  For a reasonably priced brunch or lunch, Howling Rooster ranks among the best in Buffalo.Occupying the old Vasilli's space on Kenmore Avenue just north of U.B.'s Main Street campus, the Howling Rooster inherited the large square dining space so challenging to fill, so challenging to create an atmosphere.  But Howling Rooster succeeds.  First, they filled it with cushy wooden chairs.  Secondly, they completely chalked one focal wall, highlighting specials, desserts, and a kid's menu.  Thirdly, they chalked a giant rooster with a megaphone on that wall. And speaking of roosters, how awesome is it that the rooster isn't just a name?  Rooster is what they are.  Aside from the chalked roosters, little roosters in flowerpots decorate each table.  And did I mention the menu features the Rooster Breakfast and a Roo-ben omelet (filled with corn beef and my next item to try)?  For breakfast this morning, I ordered eggs benedict and a side of home fries.  My eggs were perfectly cooked, delightfully runny, and served over a soft yet thick English muffin that helped sop up all of the deliciously unhealthy hollandaise sauce served with it.  The home fries were crisp, spicy, and carefully salted.  Unable to contain my excitement on the Roostery business, I dialed up my sister and demanded she immediately jet over to join me.  Though she ordered a simple veggie scramble filled and a side of rye bread, we were both impressed with its quality.  Vegetables were fresh and not overly mushy, which happens so often in such orders.  As with my order, her eggs were perfectly cooked.  Neither of us could have been happier with what we ordered. Though both of us did frankly order simple fare, rarely have either of us brunched on simple fare prepared so thoughtfully, prepared so well.  Yet more impressive about the Rooster, and a point to drive home, was that it was well attended this morning, easily reaching a point of nearly full occupancy and filled with all manner of people: families, old friends, local community leaders, and so forth.  Our food was served so well in spite of this rush.  Our waitress attended us calmly and efficiently, constantly refilling coffee and water despite her numerous responsibilities.Should you find yourself in the University Heights area and searching for a reasonable breakfast, forget Lake Effect.  Skip Amy's Place.  Take a drive down Kenmore and plop you down for one of the best breakfasts you will enjoy in Buffalo.Note:  The Howling Rooster closes daily at 3.00 PM except for Fridays (on which it stays open late for dinner).  Credit cards ARE accepted.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,8/7/2013,56,82,,4,3>I wasn't sure how I'd feel about Theodore's, since I've been a pretty big fan of Ted's for years. After eating at a few different locations, I have to say I think it's even better (blasphemy, I know). I love the idea of the "fring" (part fry/part onion ring) since trying to decide which to have has always been a fierce internal battle. They also use a nicer, better-tasting cheese on their burger and the buns are a step up. At this location I decided to branch out from my usual "Little T" cheeseburger and try the Kilroy chicken sandwich. It was surprisingly great, very moist and flavorful even with zero condiments (I had to eat in my car so I didn't want to risk spilling ketchup on my white shirt). One standout about this particular location was the bathroom. I had to run in and wasn't expecting much, but wow. Super clean and well-kept. I can't remember the last time I was so impressed by a public restroom. Overall, definitely recommended for a good lunch/dinner, and a half-step-up from Ted's (which I still love).
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,8/6/2013,37,78,,5,3>Decided to try Eagle House after looking through my pack of Dining Cards. We went on a Wednesday evening and it wasn't very busy. A good number of presumably regulars at the bar and a couple other diners. We ordered our drinks and perused the menu.Now the whole reason I chose to go was because I saw they make Welsh Rarebit, certainly a favorite dish of mine, so we were quick to order that as a start. It came out piping hot as a center bowl of the Rarebit surrounded by about 12 wedges of toast. The flavor was great, strong cheese flavor with a good beer presence as well as the Worcestershire hanging out in the mix. I'm not sure what is traditional serving, but I do prefer my Welsh Rarebit served baked on bread, kind of like glorified cheese toast, rather than spooning it on the bread or dipping.For the entrees both my friend and I were torn between the Yankee Pot Roast and the Chicken Pot Pie, so we figured we'd get one of each and split it. When we told our waiter he offered to split the two dishes up so we would get a plate with a half portion each. I very much appreciated that he would go that little bit out of the way to improve our experience.The pot roast was cooked perfectly, tender and falling apart. I don't remember the menu's description but I thought the sauce/gravy was a bit sweet, with almost a hint of barbeque.The chicken pot pie was very good as well, though pretty much your average pot pie. One thing to watch for, we did find a couple bones in the pot pie. Larger bones, like wing bones, so not something you'll choke on but just be aware.Overall I liked the Eagle House, I'd certainly go back, and I could see splitting a Welsh Rarebit with a friend at the bar being quite a good way to pass some time.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,8/5/2013,166,110,2,6,4>I spend a lot of time in coffee shops doing work, so I have kind of become a Coffee shop snob. When you walk in Encompass defiantly has a welcoming, clean, well decorated vibe, defiantly somewhere you want to be for a few hours. I like the calk walls that they put their menu on and other messages, very creative! I just got a coffee and a chocolate chip cookie. The Coffee is great, blows Starbucks out of the water. The cookie was delicious and made with healthy vegan stuff (I tend to lose track once people say vegan but I like healthy things that taste good). The people are so friendly!I am not a super fan of the mostly all high bar seating. Maybe its because I am a big guy but my legs tend to fall asleep and start hurting after more then an hour. I didn't get any food but looking at other customers food it looked super good, fresh, and smelled amazing. Tip: at first glance it may not look like they have plugs but ask the barista and they will help you find the hidden plugs.Honestly I feel like Encompass with their cool vide and high end quality products would be booming in trendy places like elmwood or Williamsville, I like that they are giving it a try on Hertel and trying to bring some high class to that area!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,8/4/2013,40,174,2,3,2>Coming from NYC, this is no Central Park, but I've come to really like this park. Too bad the 198 cuts it in half--seriously who came up with that idea? F*&%ing moron...I come here all the time to picnic, watch Shakespeare in the Park, field trip with students, take short and long runs, play Frisbee, and all around just hang out. Pros: -Hoyt lake (great for short runs ~1 mile if you run the loop around it)-Maintained well (I always see people cleaning, planting, pruning etc.)-Lots of space to do different activities (running, cycling, tennis, soccer, sit around, fishing, picnicing etc.)-Lots of different sections (Hoyt lake, Japanese garden, golf course area, zoo area, big loop etc.) -Big loop (~1.5 miles-1.8, good for running bc theres lots to look at.)Cons:-Not too safe at night (I used to work overnights at the Zoo and cars used to get broken into. Hooligan kids also roam the park at night being jerks. I personally wouldn't go here at night esp. after it got dark. But this place is totally safe during the day!Definitely bring bug spray if you're prone to getting bit. You're fine if you're running but if you're still you're going to be bait!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,8/3/2013,12,82,2,5,3>This was my first experience at Butterwood and honestly, it probably wont be my last. I attended dinner here after a show at the 710 main theater on a wednesday. We made reservations because a lot of events were going on downtown, but to my surprise, by 830pm the place was almost a ghost town with a fair amount of people at the bar. Its located in the basement of the Lafayette Hotel and I would say a hidden gem of the building. The decor is great and the brightness of the room sets the tone for a meal. It definitely a quiet romantic place that only has 20 or so tables. (Wednesday, by the way, is half of bottles of wine and champagne). I split the grilled romaine salad which is now one of my favorite salads ever. The combination of the anchovy dressing with the romesco salsa just blew me away. My first impression of the food really blew my away. My girlfriend ordered the East meets West pizza which was very very good (reheated the next day - - not so good). I really liked the use of the ahi tuna on it and the cajun spices. For my entree I ordered the Tame Game from Spain (small plate). It was a trio of braised lamb with fig, duck confit with an orange infused romesco, and pork belly. I would say my two favorite of the dish were the lamb and the pork belly. I didn't understand why they would make this delicious duck leg and put a sauce over the crisp skin and just ruin it. The combination of the lamb and the fig were fantastic! But obviously my favorite was the pork belly because who doesn't love pork? The sauce that was paired with the belly was like a chimichurri sauce which had the perfect lime and acidity to cut through the fattiness of the pork. Unfortunately there was no room for dessert :(. Next time though! The only down side was our waitress who rarely came by the table. I actually enjoyed the other waitress more who actually took the time to talk to us and see how our meal was going.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,8/2/2013,75,529,2,5,2>Thank god. We have finally found decent pizza. I have tried many a pizza in Buffalo and was finally happy. Better than Romeo & Juliet and better than Elm Street Bakery. Of course, I had the eggplant pizza that was a special. Hopefully it will become a permanent fixture on the menu. The crust was well done; the toppings were fresh and interesting. It was not a Buffalo pizza (doughy, overflowing with cheese and a sweet sauce) In fact it was opposite of all those things. Thank god!We also tried angel hair pasta with sunday sauce and meatballs. It was fine. I am not a fan of places that make you design your own meal. I want a chef who has thought about combinations to put something tasty together for me -- don't make me come up with it.No liquor license yet, but that just encouraged me to have dessert instead. The bread pudding was pretty yummy.Nice outdoor seating area and good service.Really it gets all 5 stars for the pizza though.Yes, I'll be back. Soon.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,8/1/2013,267,183,,5,2>During my trip to Buffalo, Niagara Falls a few months ago, my friend who is native to Buffalo brought me here. I told him, I need to bring home some omiyage, which is Japanese for candies or other small goodies to be shared back home co workers and family.  He said this is the perfect place..You first walk in and you know your in the right place. the smell of the chocolate and sweets is in the air. The place has a old antique feel to it which I love.Some items I got was chocolate covered preztel, chocolate covered popcorn, and this one chocolate covered something that they were popular for. I can't seem to remember the name but it was chocolate covered with a soft middle, almost cakey but kinda crunchy too. That for sure was my favorite one. Its inside this box: yelp.com/biz_photos/antoThe other reviews seem to suggest to try this sundae and ice cream part of their shop. I didn't have time to do that, but I will for sure on my next visit / trip out there.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,7/31/2013,59,84,2,6,2>This is my go to place for practically anything - drinks with friends, dinner and late night music. I've tried almost all of their regular menu items and they are consistently great. The specials menu changes daily and includes soup, appetizers and  entrees. It's a little more expensive but it's totally worth it. This usually includes different types of seafood and somewhat unusual meats. They have had frogs legs and duck on here in the past. The current chef here has been doing some wonderful things with the specials menu. Most recently, I had the clams in a wine broth with Andouille as an appetizer. I split this with my boyfriend but I was so full I could barely eat my meal. This restaurant does not proclaim itself to have gluten free options. I do want to mention though that my boyfriend usually has very good luck with the food here. He doesn't get reactions from the food. The ingredients they use are pretty clear on the menu and the kitchen staff will answer questions about preparation for you. They have a large beer and wine selection here. If you're not sure what to order, the bartenders are really helpful and will help you pick something out depending on your tastes. I always get great service when I go here and recommend it to anyone. However, if you're looking for somewhere to go after 11PM, it can get really crowded and the kitchen doesn't stay open all night.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,7/30/2013,72,177,5,2,1>I don't go to bars often, but when I do, FF is exactly the kind of place I like to go.  It's a little bit divey, the decor is great and there is free vegan popcorn and the chips, salsa, jalapenos, and beans are vegan, too.  Why they put out BBQ beans with nachos I will never know...I like that they serve off brand soft drinks, but know that there are no free refills.They have a waitress/bartender/sometimes cook named after Gilbert Perrault, the great Sabres player. How cool is that?It can get pretty hot in the summer.  There is no outdoor seating and no windows.A few tips if you go: - Trivia is the first Tuesday of the month. Tip your servers well.- If you don't eat eggs, steer clear of the grilled cheese because it is made with mayonnaise instead of butter.- The current president has a large picture on the presidential place mat.  You won't find him with a tiny photo shown next to the last guy.  So, don't complain your placemat is out of date.- They serve food, so you can come for lunch or dinner.- Don't order drinks at the bar and take them to the tables. If you want to sit at the table, order at the table. Otherwise you are screwing the waitstaff.- Don't sit eating free nachos and popcorn without ordering anything, unless you're the DD for a group.- The popcorn is vegan.- The owner often bartends, so you don't have to tip him. Save your tips for the staff.  No matter where you are, you don't tip the owner.- Don't puke in the sink. Please use the toilet or garbage.- Don't accept soft drink refills that you did not order. They are not free.- You might see celebrities who are in town for performances who are staying at the Mansion.-They're closed most major holidays, so don't try going there for Presidents Day or 4th of July.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/29/2013,198,661,,9,4>This was some of the best Chinese takeout I've had in a LONG time. I'd consider this as good as it gets for Williamsville/Amherst since Chang's Garden on Maple burned down!Items that were supposed to be crispy were crispy; steamed were steamed; saucy, saucy. NOTHING was greasy which blew my mind because that's been one of my biggest complaints about Chinese food in general lately. Another plus was that the takeout containers were not jam packed with food. It gave the food room to breathe so nothing came out as a smooshed, congealed mess. The dinner combo portion was technically enough to get 2 meals from, but it wasn't so much that eating nearly all of one dinner portion made you feel like you're on the edge of death. I ordered the Chicken Eggplant with white rice. It was VERY tasty. Sauce was a little on the sweet side. I also tasted the cashew chicken, sesame chicken, egg roll, and spring roll. All was VERY fresh and not greasy. I like too that they don't use weird chopped chicken mystery meat. Everything looked to be white meat and didn't have weird tendons or anything on it.Wok & Roll has an extensive gluten-free menu and though I didn't order from it, I was impressed with all of the choices they offered. They also can cook items to order if you have dietary restrictions or want steamed food or little/no oil. Will definitely be back. I see they have a list of noodle soups on their menu. Gonna have to sample! Favorite new Chinese take out, hands down.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/28/2013,90,142,4,8,3>Disclaimer: I am an amateur hiker.  I love to do it when I get the chance, but I definitely don't have super dooper hiking boots, a regiment, or a huge wealth of technical vocabulary about the subject.Now that that's out of the way, to the review.  Devil's Hole - or the Gorge as my friends say - is wonderful.  It is a great hike, with a lot of different difficulties to it (different paths to take, labeled with colors).  All have great views of the river and, in fact, get you quite close to the whirlpool.BTW - Have you been to the whirlpool yet?  DO it!  It's amazing.  Did you know Aristotle thought there was a whirlpool where dead things came in and could be brought back to life?  Yeah, he saw a bird dive into one - and bam, it was 'alive' again.I digress.  Devil's hole is for all kinds of hikers - and it's great exercise.  As you work, the river always provides a wonderful breeze to cool you off.  And the trees are shady and nice too.There are some excellent picnic locations - huge rocks to just sit and see water splashing all around you.  Very romantic - if you're into that - but also very fun to take a few sandwiches and enjoy a day in the Falls without being a tourist.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,7/27/2013,63,92,,10,6>Live with the Albrights.One of the most unique venues to go see live music.  A rustic old double in Black Rock, gutted and modified to be a pub/concert venue.You can take in the show from the upper balcony, or go even further and stand the platform above the balcony, on the outside of the structure.The bar has a decent variety of beer and other alcoholic selections.  The menu is limited, but decent for bar food.  Don't go there for the food, but eat if you go there.  Check out their lineup of local bands and take in a show.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/26/2013,52,100,1,4,2>Lifetime Service Center in Amherst is the place to go if you don't have insurance on your phone or your deductible is 100. They may be able to fix it for less. JP3 works on the Samsung and did an excellent at an excellent rateThe repair I needed is a complex soldering job that some repairers don't do. I don't have insurance because I believe the repairs are cheaper than paying a monthly premium and normally a $100 deductible to get a refurbished phone (because often Sprint will tell you it is not fixable). I have had one other repair that I sent out of state and saved $200 but I needed my phone fixed asap because of a charging issue. Lifetime is a service center for many manufacturers. I called and spoke to JP3 that handles the Samsung line. He was straight and upfront. He told to bring it in and if he could fix it for less he would. When I got there, he looked at it immediately and told me the damage was worse than I hoped for. He quoted a great price ordered the part and called me back 3 days later when it arrived. I was their in 25 minutes went to lunch and when I came back it was ready. He showed me the damage to the broken charger port and explained what he had done. I am very pleased and recommend this place for your repairs
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,7/25/2013,66,56,10,8,9>"Coppin' it, washin' it, 'bout to go and get some compliments." - Macklemore**************************************************­***************So my friend Bethany is the one who got me into thrift stores. She's probably one of the most creative and stylish people I know so I was surprised when she was telling me how she buys most of her clothes at thrift stores. She's a big proponent of social justice particularly in regards to clothing, and was telling me how shopping at a thrift store is a great way to buy clothes without directly supporting clothing companies that use unethical production practices (i.e. sweatshops). There are some cool companies that produce clothes in-country but are naturally much more expensive. So she presents thrift stores as a middle ground where you're not directly supporting sweatshops.Thanks to Bethany, I often find myself here at Amvets. As one reviewer mentioned, it is definitely sometimes a scavenger hunt but isn't treasure more satisfying when found that way? This particular thrift store is very large and naturally can't afford to keep things organized as well as your local Macy's store. For the size and staffing, they do a good job. Other than clothes, they have a great selection of household and kitchen items as well as a nice record/LP section. Not many thrift shops can boast that. I also appreciate that they have a big bin right inside the front door where you can drop off donations - most thrift stores I've been to have you drive around back.One common complaint I've heard is that the clothes at thrift stores smell funny. They don't smell as bad as my dirty clothes hamper and I end up wearing those clothes, after I wash them of course. So I just throw the clothes I buy at the thrift store into my hamper to get washed with the rest of the smelly clothes - they come out smelling fresh.This store has a great selection and I always love the price tags. The icing on the cake is when someone compliments you on your outfit - little do they know you are rocking some fresh second-hand treasure.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/24/2013,69,102,,6,5>Buffalo Yoga is like my second home. It's always so warm and inviting. The teachers are friendly and knowledgeable; always willing to help or cater the class to what everyone is feeling that day. One of my favorite classes here is the Candlelight flow with Megan. Megan teaches a Vinyasa flow and has trained with Shiva Rea, that being said if you have taken one of Morgen Love's yoga classes here then you should naturally go to Megan. There's a women's donation class every Wednesday evening if you're looking for something to try out...and once a month a "Comic Dance Jam" featuring a casual DJ improvisational dance party. There's a "plounge" or "Squish" zone to relax and watch which leaves it open to how much or how little you'd like to participate. Classes are reasonably priced, parking is simple and it's never really full. I wish more people would come here. :)
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,7/23/2013,96,404,4,8,3>Wow!  I never thought I'd be so excited about noodles!  I mean, spaghetti, sure!  But Asian noodles just aren't usually my kind of thing.  But, I've been hearing so many wonderful things about this place that I just had to try it.  And, wow!  I'm so happy that I did.Two of us met for dinner tonight.  I was quite surprised with the light and spacious interior.  I don't know what I was expecting, really.  Maybe some place kind of dark or some place kind of small.  But, this place is huge and bright and contemporary.  It's gorgeous in there!The menu, although limited is very interesting.  No liquor (yet), but there are a few house made beverages that are WONDERFUL!  I had the ginger ale (sweetened to specification) and my friend had the tamarind soda and we kept taking sips of each trying to decide which was better.  It was a tie!For our meal we shared an order each of the curry potato discs and the brussels sprouts.  The potatoes were good, but not really all that special.  But those sprouts! AMAZING!  Shaved and sauteed to perfection, we each agreed that next time we would get our own individual bowls rather than sharing.  For my entree I had the Udon (crispy egg noodles) which weren't exactly crispy, but they were stir fried to delicious perfection.  They are available with a choice of beef, chicken, pork, mushrooms, or prawns.  I really didn't want any of those choices so asked my very friendly waiter if I could just have them with a bunch of veggies..... and that's just what he brought me.  Lots and lots of perfectly cooked broccoli and onions and red peppers.  YUM!  I LOVED it so much!For dessert we chose to share the creme brule of the day:  a coffee chocolate blend. It was very tasty and bruleed to perfection, but honestly I think I would have preferred something more in keeping with the Asian fusion theme.  The fresh fruit and candied ginger that garnished the plate were fresh and wonderful.... especially that ginger!  I ate each morsel and literally licked my fingers with joy!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,7/22/2013,131,134,,4,3>This new restaurant will definitely move up in the ranks of nearby indian food and be a true contender with Taste of India. I went to Shalimar Garden with a larger group of friends for their lunch buffet and were easily accommodated. The food selection was pretty wide and they even brought tandoori chicken to our table on a sizzling platter. One of the things that differentiates this place from Taste of India is that they offer Indo-Chinese food in their lunch buffet. They also differ in the type of bread they bring to your table, which was not naan. The price of the buffet was comparable to Taste of India.All things considered, the food was fresh and delicious. They easily handled a larger group, and definitely have a lot going for them. Their decor is perhaps a little off with some traditional chinese elements (maybe remnants from the previous occupants of the space), but this place is definitely worth trying out.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,7/21/2013,47,60,1,4,4>Simple is good. When it comes to food of any kind, you don't need an orgy of ingredients to make some special. You just need to care about what you are doing and the folks running Five Points are making good things, obviously caring about what they put out. If you haven't sampled the whole grain cinnamon rolls at the Bidwell Farmers Market yet, you have cheated yourself, don't tell me about your bucket list, don't call yourself a foodie, just go and get some. That might be an arrogant sentence, but they are that good. But I digress. As good as they are, it is worth the trip to get yourself to the mother church and get em from the source. Screw that notion now that I think about it. Get them to go and use your dining out real estate to sit, and partake of the offerings from their toast bar.Before I went down my little tangent here, this gets back to my simple point. It's just good. I had coffee and two thick cut slices of whole grain wheat toast, buttered and with apricot jam. All done just right, presented straightforward, no b.s. just really good quality bread, toasted right on the money, butter melting, fresh jam, a cup of good coffee - best $5 I'll spend all weekend.Go, go and eat stuff, grown here, made here, by people who want to make good things, and they do.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/20/2013,74,177,4,8,4>This is a must-go place for vegetarians and vegans (but they also serve meat).  The lentil berry wrap is delicious! I made a special stop for one on the way home from out of town once.  I hadn't been there in a few years, but I was looking through Yelp and Amy's came up so I suddenly had an urge for a lentil berry wrap - yummy comfort food.  I was super impressed that the order came up so quick.  I remember walking back to the car with my box of food, smiling and drooling in anticipation.  I had a fleeting thought of "Hmm, this box feels kind of light" and "something smells burnt," but I brushed it off.  It had been so long since I had been here, I thought maybe things had changed or something.  When I got home, I changed into my house clothes and was so excited to finally relax and sink my teeth into this magnificent creation.  My heart broke into a million pieces when I opened the box, though, because they had given me the wrong order. Nooooooo!!  Is there no justice in the world??!! Sigh.I'm not sure how "lentil berry" sounded like "meat and potatoes,"  but I'll make sure to enunciate next time.I was determined to get my lentil berry.  I deserved it after driving 3 hours home from out of town.   But the gods were still against me.  My tank was on empty and I was running on fumes, so I pulled into the nearest gas station to put in a few gallons of premium gas (the only kind my car takes) to fulfill my quest.  I'm sure the other motorists thought I was crazy.  I was.  Crazy for lentil berry! So I hopped into the car and drove the 30 minutes back to Amy's to get my food, through the rush hour traffic that I thought I had avoided by coming home early.  Success! They had my food waiting for me, but it had cooled off of course after an hour.  They almost didn't recognize me in my house clothes though.  I had on some red plaid pajama bottoms and a purple workout jacket.  At least it wasn't my usual lounging attire of a bathrobe and fuzzy slippers - though I would have left the house in just that even if it had been!When I got home and reheated my food, I knew it was worth an extra hour out of my life (think of all the paperwork I could have gotten done in that time! Or sleep!) and the cost of premium gas.  Yes, it's THAT good! And NO, they didn't give it to me for free or anything for the trouble.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,7/19/2013,23,95,1,8,5>I had to replace my Sirius Radio and decided to go back to Darylls to have a new one installed in my car.  I thought it was a bit pricey.. but I was short in time and decided to have it done. Next morning when I go to tune in to Howard Stern on Sirius 100 I find that it is not there. I called Sirius Corp (One of the biggest rip off companies you will ever deal with) and ask them what happened. They said the radio I purchased was a Sirius XM Radio not a Sirius radio and for $35.00 they would upgrade me and ONLY THEN could I hear Howard in the morning.My pockets were empty,  and my good intentions to treat myself felt abused, and I really was disappointed.  I called Mark at Darylls and told him I wasnt happy.  He made a few phone calls, and called me back.  He offered to give me the $35.00 to cover the "upgrade" at Sirius, (which I said no to- I don't want Sirius having another dollar) or to give him a couple weeks and he would find me a Sirius radio, which he did and installed.I'm glad he took the time to solve this for me- renews my faith in humanity a bit.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/18/2013,29,154,2,6,2>This is the only place I will go for the random manicure/pedicure that I get. I was also a person that swore off ever getting mani/pedis until about 2 years ago. This place changed me. The salon is impeccably clean, well organized, and neat.  I have never felt uncomfortable and I always see them cleaning up, washing out the foot bowls, etc. Nothing is out of place. *Location-wise, this is in the small plaza to the side of Target and Panera. To get to it, enter at the driveway to the side of Panera and then you will turn left. Can also get to it from inside the Target parking lot. They have excellent full back massage chairs and lots of them with side tables, large foot bowls, comfortable foot rests. They offer clients a pop or small bottle of water. Calm, comfortable atmosphere with a couple TVs, but they are low volume/Closed Captioning so if you don't want to watch, you don't have to.Any of the techs that I have had are very friendly and nice, even to customers that may have not deserved it or even tested their patience (I sat next to a women who changed her mind literally 10 times while getting her pedicure and wouldn't be quiet). I was there once when they had a younger girls party and even though they all showed up late, they still did a nice job accommodating them. They have 3 levels of pedicures that are $25/$35/$45 and then to get a basic manicure is a $10 add on. They also do Gel Nails, Acrylics, etc and designs/French manicure is like a $5 additional, and some basic waxing. I usually get the $35 pedicures which includes great foot/leg lotion massage/smack down, a hot towel soak, etc. The $45 includes all that and some hot stone treatments and more. They give you a sheet to read over what each includes before you decide. Quality wise, they are excellent. My pedicure has lasted with barely a chip for over a month before. My manicure also last quite a while (up til a week with just normal minor wear) though my tech today said they have to remind people there is no guarantee as some people think a general manicure is indestructible. They take their time with each step and it shows. Please don't forget to tip and bring cash for tips! They do take Visa/Mastercard, but it helps the techs if their tip is cash :)  They also will accept call aheads, especially for bigger groups. I have seen it get really crowded in there.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,7/17/2013,32,67,,5,2>I love this place. Fresh, delicious Mediterranean food and awesome service. On every visit I have been greeted with a smile and bid goodbye with a "thank you for your business!" (Seriously, how often does that happen these days?!)Everything on the menu is tasty, but my favorites are the chicken shawarma and the chicken souvlaki. Warm, slightly toasted pita is served with dinners and open sandwiches. Depending on the cook, you receive a half or full pita. (I'm not sure why it isn't consistent, but my only wish is that it would always be full. I love pita! And when you get a side of hummus, the more the better!)Located inside The Commons, the restaurant has a nice view of the lake. It can get busy during lunch hour when school is in session, so tables can be limited. You can call your order in ahead of time. I highly suggest taking advantage of this during lunch hour. You'll be smiling as you walk in and out within minutes while others are hanging out anxiously waiting for their order to be ready.Overall, if you're looking for good food, good service, and a relaxing view of UB north campus, I highly recommend Rachel's!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,7/16/2013,21,107,2,5,2>Newroz is not just a market with everything from pussy willow water to olive oil soap and fresh cheese, but a restaurant. And not just a restaurant, a lounge. You know how some places are called "lounges" when really they're bars? The curtained side of Newroz, the restaurant they call the "grill" actually has big wide couches and Arab music videos playing. It's one of the rare places that serves food that I enjoy a TV. It's perfect if you're eating solo - you can be entertained while munching away on chicken tikka and tabouleh. If you're in a group the lounge is lovely for sipping a pomegranate seltzer. (bottled, in the fridge.) Go there. Don't let Newroz disappear.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,7/15/2013,87,124,1,4,3>Love this place! Simply because the people that own it are fabulous!  You can feel the family love as soon as you place your order-- and let's not forget the gelato!  Okay okay, so I've been all over Italy and it's simply just NOT the same in the states but this little Buffalo gem is delightful.  The gelato is creamy and decadent.  They make new flavors daily so you never know what you can choose from.  Hey and maybe if you're lucky (like I always am!) the owners will come let you try the new flavors that are freezing away for the next day! Must try for ice cream lovers! :)
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,7/14/2013,59,154,3,6,3>On a cold, snowy morning a few weeks ago, I was driving to UB South for school, and on my way there, on WBFO, they were talking to the mixologist from Vera Pizzeria about his classic pre-prohibition era Manhattan recipe.  That was a few weeks after I discovered my newfound love for Manhattans.  So naturally, I had to try it.I didn't end up going until last night, and I have to say, I was originally somewhat hesitant due to the mixed reviews on here.  We got there around 6:30, and managed to get a table for 2 with no wait.  The restaurant was pretty much full at this point, though.  The waitress came over to ask what we wanted to drink.  I did not see the classic Manhattan on the small drink menu they give, but she knew exactly the one I was talking about.  My boyfriend got the hot buttered rum cider.  Holy. Cow.  Both drinks were amazing. Expertly crafted, perfectly mixed, and just so delicious. It was definitely worth the steep pice ($10) because they were actually DELICIOUS.So anyway, we ordered our food.  My boyfriend wanted to the duck breast special but, of course, right before ordering she comes up and informs us that they were all out.  Lucky him!  We had the $10-off-$30 Buffalo Dining Card, so I ordered the Fig Prosciutto pizza which had a fig jam, gorgonzola cheese, caramelized onions, Bartlett peats, and prosciutto.  My first reaction to taking my first bite: "Holy crap this is too hot."  My second reaction after letting it cool: "There is nothing on this pizza that I don't like."  The fig was so sweet, the prosciutto was salty, and just everything about it was amazing.  I ate literally the entire thing (which it funny because originally I wasn't sure if we should have just split one pizza -- good thing we didn't)!My boyfriend got a pasta dish, some creamy chicken pappardelle which was very good, and he really enjoyed.  It had these very sweet and spicy red peppers which were delicious.Overall, this meal was awesome.  The drinks were phenomenal, and the food seems to have improved from what others have said, because everything looked and tasted delicious.  I will definitely be coming back here for cocktails and food!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/13/2013,119,125,,3,4>Have brunch on a Saturday or Sunday and sit in the back patio. It's divine. Put it on your list for this summer.Last Sunday, the food and service lived up to the heavenly surroundings, too. Our group shared five fresh-made doughnut holes; one filling included cream cheese. They were perfect. I had a sandwich, on excellent, toasted bread, that contained a fried egg, tomato, lettuce and mayo. It came with fruit and roasted potatoes. My friends had omelets, hash and Scotch eggs. I wish I'd paid more attention to their meals so I could give you a better report. We ate well and ended up paying approximately $20 per person for an early summer experience.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,7/12/2013,33,157,3,3,3>I just realized I've never written a review on this amazing restaurant!!I absolutely love Mulberry! I've gone there quite a few times with Brad and once with his parents. It is about a 30 min drive but so worth it!!I always get the Ricotta Gnocchi and meatball. Their gnocchi are like small, warm, soft little pillows I want to take a nap on. I have been begging Brad to replicate them (he makes homemade gnocchi) but he always fails. Right now, writing this, I am craving some. It will always be the dish I get there.The meatball it comes with is huge. When I talk about it, I tell people it's the size of a baby's head. And that is no exaggeration. The meatball has been hit-or-miss for me. I remember one time I went and it was too peppery. But I still ate the whole thing.The whole dish is huge. I think it lasts me 3 meals. And the gnocchi are still quite good once they are reheated.I would definitely recommend Mulberry! Just make sure to make a reservation. It is quite a small restaurant. I am now drooling and am probably going to make a reservation to go back next week...
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/11/2013,138,57,2,8,1>I had heard a lot of good things about the wings here and finally got to try them out for myself last night. There are a lot of places in Buffalo to get wings and many claim to be the best or most popular. My mission has been to try them out for myself and see if they are right.One thing that I really liked about this place was that their wing selection was simple: Buffalo or for $1 more you can get cajun, bbq or suicide. Some other places have such a long list of wing flavors that it can be overwhelming. Wings don't need to be exotic or diverse in order to be good. Sometimes simple is better. I ordered the bbq and cajun and both were delicious. The cajun was a flavorful dry rub and the bbq was nice and tangy. We also ordered the onion rings that some previous reviews had recommended and they were pretty good too, not "oh my gosh" good but pretty good. Service was great. I wasn't super buy when we went but the service was good and food came out at a decent time. I only wish I hadn't let the to-go box of left over wings on the table. Guess I'l just have to go back for more!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,7/10/2013,40,84,2,3,3>I'm been here a few times and amazed each time. This team really knows how to create....not just prepare and serve. Their Buffalo arancini still haunts me when I sitting hungry in bed hoping they are somewhere close. When all the trucks line up every once in awhile and rally up a lunches or dinners like they do occasionally at the Waterfront.....I hit up BMFT for at least something. Never disappointed....nor will you be.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,7/9/2013,147,187,1,6,7>Hats off to Rocco Termini and Mike A. for this modishly, exquisite, Italian wine bar and restaurant.  This is a wonderful new gem for downtown Buffalo.  You can not miss this place as you drive down Ellicott Street and see the very large slide-up garage doors wide open, and gaze directly into the open bar/dining area covered with red light fixtures hanging above.We had a reservation and were instantly greeted by the gracious hostess, and whisked away to our table.  We were seated on the right hand side of the restaurant, which is filled with a mix of booths and smaller, more intimate tables.  The left side has larger round tables (made of wine corks) which accommodates up to a party of 8.  The back wall is filled floor to ceiling with wine bottles.  The bar area is very large and able to seat many, in its U-shape form.  There are also higher tables near the garage door directly behind the bar, which accommodates up to 6.  Our waitress was over soon after to take our drink order.  Brace yourself.....$15 bottles of wine...41 choices!!! Where in Buffalo can you find a bottle of wine less than say $25-$28?!  Actually, I don't know if I have EVER witnessed a menu with a bottle of wine less than $20.  I didn't prefer the glasses the wine was served in (see picture).  However, the bartender explained to me later that's how wine is traditionally served in Italy.  He did say they have stemware for their reserve bottles.  They just reminded me of little juice glasses and it felt awkward drinking wine out of it.  The bottle of Tuscan Chardonnay we consumed was delicious though. We started off with the bruschetta crostini, which was very tasty ($6).  For my entrée, I ordered the chicken cacciatore.  For $12, you really get A LOT for your money.  I was served a plate of spaghetti topped with 4 decent sized cuts of chicken, sausage!!! (was not expecting this), and peppers and onions, covered in a darker red sauce.  It was huge and delicious.  And I think my favorite part was the sausage.  My boyfriend had the Braciole, and for $14 this was a large portion as well.  He loved it so much he said when we come back he's ordering the exact same thing.  I tried it and wished I ordered it over my meal too...it was that good!  Prior to ordering, we asked our waitress a lot about the menu.  There was no detail or description with any of the menu items; however she was knowledgeable enough that she explained everything very thoroughly; even recommending certain dishes she had sampled the week before.  (FYI - they were out of 4 menu items, which she told us up front, and reasoned it was because they just opened and they would be coming soon).I loved it there so much that I didn't want to leave after dinner, so we headed over to the bar for a drink and chatted with the bartender, finding more out about the place.  On our way out we made reservations to come back for a group dining event we had to plan for July.This place could be one of the next best places in downtown Bflo.....awesome atmosphere, great service, friendly staff, and not to mention unbeatable prices for what they serve.  (They have only been open a week and the place was filled on a Wednesday evening).
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,7/8/2013,64,70,2,3,4>Four stars, for sure.  I'd like to throw a half star there as well, but its not really in my power.  Perhaps some of you can tell by my previous posts, but I am a sucker for good customer service.  And, in my opinion -- it doesn't get any better than when the owner of a place comes by your table and asks your opinion on his business.  We've been on a froyo bender in my house the past couple of days; this place has a slight edge on their neighbors up the street.  Better flavors, more seating and its a few pennies less expensive.  Nice job and a nice addition to the street.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,7/7/2013,53,94,4,6,3>Probably the best recommendation I can give Polish Villa Part Two is that I loved the food - and I'm not Polish.In the last 30 years, despite being a dedicated foodie living in the Buffalo burbs, I've only tasted Polish cuisine three times.  Those tastings consisted of Potato Pierogi (I'm an avid supporter of Dyngus Day), Lazy Pierogi (at a Polish Falcon's fund raiser) and the highly specialized Spinach and Feta Pierogi - Ala Wegman's frozen section.  I know - I shudder about that last one myself.  So I joined friends for dinner at Polish Villa (Part Two) feeling that at least I knew what a pierogi was.  I know many of you are probably thinking "Hey, I coulda' told you myself it's ALL good food!"  I think if you experienced the food before or grew up with it you have an advantage over this New York City boy who - from Mott Street to Mulberry - never saw a pierogi.  So it's good that I'm adventurous - especially with food.What I tasted from their very extensive menu:The Mushroom Caps were stuffed with crab, bacon, onion and cheese.  They were just the right temp when they arrived at the table and had a little something special in each bite.  Great starter app.The Cucumber Salad - Okay, the dish sounds pretty basic but I have to tell you that such a simple salad of sour cream, onion and fresh dill tossed with (and I'm not kidding here) THE freshest cukes I've ever had - was so refreshing, light and tasty that I instantly wanted more.The Soup - Barszcz (I call it Borscht).  Okay, now we're cooking (no pun).  This is something I know!  I've had this soup many times before but always in Russian restaurants.  It's been served cold or hot depending on the style offered.  Today it was served hot and with chunks of beets (rather than shredding) and sour cream mixed in.  I was in Borscht heaven. If you're not a beet lover I'll forgive you but otherwise - you have to try this!  Now we're getting into the serious stuff - the Entree.  And here I relied heavily on my friends to help me through the menu items and discover what's in them.  I really felt like I'd missed out on a lot of Polish cuisine - well, basically all of it.  So after careful consideration, and with my eye on these Kluski noodles, I ordered the Chicken and Kluski.  It was described as "sauteed chicken breast atop a nest of kluski noodles in a sherry mushroom sauce".  The dish arrived hot and steaming with the aroma of the sherried mushroom sauce.  The chicken was moist and tender and as I dug down into the kluski I felt all nostalgic for my Mom's egg noodles with gravy (similar but in no way close).  These noodles I could love.  And in the back of my mind I'd already made a notation to return for the Kluski.Dessert (you'd think I would have quit by now but I was an explorer and what good explorer stops half way into the cave and calls it a day?  Onward!) I ordered the Strawberry filled Nalesniki (Crepes) and also got to taste the Black Forest Cheesecake.  As desserts go I'm very cautious and selective and my rule of thumb is "If it's not house made, I'm not even interested".  The crepes were perfectly made which for me means that they were golden brown, folded properly, had filling that wasn't too sweet or too consistent with "jam" and most importantly were NOT soggy or spongy.  I want my crepe to be a dessert and not a food shovel for Ethiopian cuisine.  So yes, these simply made crépes were - perfect.Cheesecake - Okay we've all had this kind of thing before - the cardboard box, still chilled from its frozen trip in an 18 wheeler across country delivered directly to your local restaurant and marketed on the dessert menu with fantastic looking photos that make your mouth water in anticipation of the overly-sweet, pasty-pressed consistency we've all come to know, right?  Please, just shoot me now!I tasted the Black Forest Cheesecake with that same anticipation but found the filling (the hardest part to master) to be semisweet, tasting of cocoa, and only  lightly compressed.  Not heavy at all.  The crust was crunchy and firm and wasn't soggy.  It was topped with créme fresh and drizzled with a light chocolate sauce that made me pause as I experienced each flavor.  I realized, with my fork still in my mouth, that I was having a chocolate moment.  Now I think I know what all the ladies are talking about.  Damn, I wanted more of that.  I finished the meal with some hot, richly roasted Euro Kawa.Ed Kutas, Chef and co-owner of Polish Villa Part Two emerged from the back of the house and introduced himself.  At that moment he welcomed us warmly, thanked us for coming to his restaurant and wished us all a very good night.  He probably didn't know yet how great his servers were, how well received his dishes were, or how many of us added his restaurant to our 'must come again' list.  But I hope this will let he and Rosanna know.   Okrzyki!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/6/2013,268,183,,5,2>Natalie's is an Amherst hidden gem. It's one of those Mom and Pop's places that make superb Mediterranean cuisine. Sure it's in a shady, deserted area on Millersport, but it's an excellent choice for grabbing a quick lunch or dinner.There's a great selection to choose from, whether you want soup, salad, a wrap, pita pocket, or a sandwich, there is something for everyone (especially for vegetarians, many options for you guys!) I decided on the chicken shawarma wrap - a panini-style grilled tortilla wrap with grilled chicken, fries, lettuce, and their homemade garlic mayo spread. One bite and I felt like I was in heaven! It was absolutely delicious and I cannot wait until the next time I get this again!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,7/5/2013,26,72,2,6,5>I've been anticipating the opening of Press since I read an article about it  in Buffalo Rising. I went down on my lunch break on opening day and encountered the owner generously sharing samples with a few customers. After sampling 4 different juices ( cucumber, beet/kale combo, orange/carrot, and homemade coconut water) I can safely say that this is some of the most fresh, tasty, and carefully prepared juice I've tried. They use a special juicing method and juicer that preserves more of the nutrients in the fruits/veggies, and prevents oxidizing so the juice lasts longer. Sure, this may sound like clever advertising or health food mumbo jumbo, but it is clear from talking to the owner that she has an expansive knowledge on juicing that she is putting to work to create an excellent product. I also purchased chocolate kale chips (!!!) which were really tasty, and a zucchini 'alfredo' with a nut-based sauce, also excellent. Everything here is organic and vegan; the food is creative and healthy and the juices are DYNAMITE! Juice is 6-7 per bottle, but the size of the bottle is quite large. As it was opening day, they were still some tiny issues like no labeling on products or price tags etc. but I'm sure these will be worked out in the coming weeks. Press is one more reason to visit the Horsefeathers community market and the other awesome vendors located here.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,7/4/2013,69,317,,2,3>Great breakfast place!  Great prices!  Great service!  great food!  What more can you ask for?  There is always a line, but they seem to keep the line moving quickly.  Small patio with a couple tables.  Inside is surprisingly cool even with all the people and heat outside.  There is a wall A/C unit, fans, and cross breeze going - so not uncomfortable even on a hot day with the kitchen going.  As everyone says - homemade bread is a must.  We ordered the apple cinnamon walnut pancakes (can't beat 2.95 for a short stack) and split them.  Yum!  The omlettes are stuffed and delicious.  Order from their pre-designed omlettes or make your own with up to 8 fillings.  I had the breakfast burrito one time (nothing special, but not bad).  I will stick with the omlettes in the future.  If I liked sausage, I would def want to try the giambotta.  Staff is always very accomodating and friendly.  It is a favorite for a basic breakfast spot in Buffalo
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,7/3/2013,47,73,2,4,5>I've been wanting to try this place out since they opened, and finally made it here with my family on a sunny Sunday afternoon.  It sits right along the canal on Young and Main st.   They have a deck in the back to sit back, relax, and enjoy the canal.  Only drawback with the location is parking, only about 6 spaces in tiny parking lot, so most likely you would have to use the Walgreen's parking lot across the street.  Inside is not really big either, but they make up for that in character and vibe.  It's a pretty cool looking bar, and there's an order up window you can look at to watch the cooks pass their orders.  Even though it was a nice day outside, it was also very windy so we opted to sit just inside near the sliding glass door.  For starters, we went with the caprese salad.  And as a bonus, the chef sent out a free appetizer of the hubcap nachos as well....yes served on an actual car hubcap....sweet!   The caprese salad was pretty good, and drizzled with a balsamic and EVO.  The nachos were different than the standard nachos you might think.  The cheese tasted like a combo of shredded cheddar and cream cheese.  It was topped with jalapeño peppers, chopped lettuce and tomato, shredded chicken, and a taco seasoning....different but extremely good!   For my meal I went with the pulled pork dinner.  It comes with a choice of 2 sides, and I went with the Ta Tas (Tatar tots splashed with franks hot sauce and completely covered in a thick nacho cheese) and baked beans with escarole and slices of Mandarin oranges.   The pulled pork was a good size half pound portion cooked perfectly, and just drizzled with a little BBQ sauce, and I added more as I ate....delicious!   The sides were outstanding!  I also sampled the Chiavetta's Grilled Potatoes my mother was raving about, I think I might get this side next time.  The beans with Mandarin oranges were probably the best beans I've ever had. And then there are Ta Tas, simple and sinfully good.....I think anything covered in gooey nacho cheese is...right?  And I don't think I'll ever look at a Tatar tot the same way after this awesome experience.  The food came out fast and the service was super friendly.   I'll definitely be back!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,7/2/2013,126,349,2,3,5>I had heard about Rocco's from a few friends and was sceptical about how good it could possibly be. Well, they were right, this place is delicious!The location is odd - in a boring strip mall plaza far enough north on Transit for lots of non-east-amherstites to have never noticed it. But it's worth the drive. We started at the bar with our pizza-slice shaped buzzer (adorable) to anxiously await our table. I don't exactly recall what I had to drink but I do know the bartender was happy to accommodate my specialization requests. I know it sounds silly to say that I was glad a bartender made a drink the way I wanted, but it's amazing how often that isn't true anymore. We moved to the table and promptly ordered the roasted chicken wings. Delicious! The waitress was very helpful with my gluten free requests and pointed out a few options available for me, including gluten free pizza crust! I decided to stay away from the pizza though and went with a steak sandwich sans-bun. Very tasty. Hubby got a small pizza which was certainly large enough for two people, which served him quite nicely the next day at lunch. He liked the pizza but was underwhelmed with the garlic bread - I think for the price he assumed it would be a little more special (it had been talked up a bit). Regardless, the rest of the meal was spot on and we left happy. Will definitely return - glad they were part of the dining cards pack or I may have never bothered with this place!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,7/1/2013,67,52,,5,4>How could I not give this place 5 stars?! First of all, we've been coming here my whole life, and it's only getting better! Second of all, they still have my childhood favorite- Double Dark Chocolate. I usually get a scoop of this, coupled with whatever strikes my fancy. I've had the cotton candy flavored ice cream with it and LOVED it. They have a lot of old fashioned (and new) candies for sale. It feels like an old time sweet shoppe in there! They have so many home made chocolates and other treats to choose from also. On top of all this goodness, the owners are local people, actively involved in the Amherst/Williamsville community. That Howard Cadmus is such a nice guy, and loves to chat as much as the Allen Family does. He was sitting with us while we ate our sweets (and I chatted with a friend at another table). When my sister expressed her disappointed in the mango (?) ice cream she ordered, he compensated her with her choice of many different flavors of premade pints of Jenny's ice cream. Obviously, he cares about what customers think and is very appreciative of all who come into the shop. I'll be there all summer! (And fall, winter and spring!)
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,6/30/2013,13,70,2,3,3>Excellent place for a pre-Shea's meal.  We had a 5:30pm reservation on a Wednesday before our 7:30pm show @ Shea's (Book of Mormon!)  We were seated promptly, the watier asked if we were going to a show & kept our service moving right along.  We were out by 7:10pm (there did seem to be a bit of a delay between our small plates & our main dishes, but without being asked the waiter told us he had inquired about our meals & they would be coming out shortly - they did.)Small plates were: the beet salad with goat cheese (scrumptious - the fried goat cheese & citrus vinegarette were the perfect compliment to the beets), softshell crab special (delicious), and the rock shrimp & calamari (a litte on the spicy side & not that unique - seems everyone's got fried calimari on their menu these days.  BUT - it was light fried & perfectly tender - not rubbery at all. Nicely done.)Large plates: Shrimp-crusted mahi mahi, and a salmon dish.  I tasted the mahi mahi & it was good; I am not a huge fan of fish so I don't have a lot to compare it to, but both companions decared their meal a hit.  I went for the carbonara: pork belly with a poached egg over homemade gnocchi & pea puree cream sauce.  This?  Is scrumptious!  I always think I'm going to love pork belly, then I rarely do because it ends up being dried/charred meat with a lot of fat.  Not this time - it was awesome!  The gnocchi were a little odd - they looked like long tubes rather than little pillows.  Different presentation, or did someone forget to cut them?  LOL - no matter, they were light & airy.My one little complaint - website online is NOT accurate/UTD.  We were disappointed that there were no scallops on the menu anymore, esp. after thinking about eating them all day.  :(
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,6/29/2013,79,74,,6,4>Citizens of Buffalo, please find this amazingly lively, bright and wholly unexpected community space hidden amidst the abandoned buildings of deindustrialized Buffalo's East Side. Say what???I guess by now, almost a year after I first discovered its existence, it's not so surprising and unexpected anymore. But I haven't ventured out here until recently, so until now a place this amazing smack-dab in the middle of the East Side seemed more like a dream.Colorful chairs are arranged across vibrantly green grass and cute tables fill a giant gazebo. This is surrounded on one side by a spacious courtyard and on the other by an open space that is home to a Square 1 Sandwiches and a couple other cafes. From what I know, this place is also home to a variety of market stalls on weekdays and a venue for concerts during the warmer half of the year.The food trucks often frequent this spot during lunch hours, and the ever increasing number of food trucks convene here on Tuesday evenings during the summer. Yay!!I haven't been here during the day yet, but if it's anywhere near as awesome as it is in the evening hours....I can't wait to explore more this summer!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/28/2013,72,331,4,7,3>Was at the Botanical gardens for an Easter Egg Hunt and wanted to get something to eat after. Not really sure where to go, but then I remembered my brother and I talking about Steve's Pig and Ox Roast the other day. My wife was reluctant at first, but I convinced her we should check it out. Now I've eaten food from here before as some take-out when I worked at my family's shop. This is the first time I tried it in probably 10 years and it was just as good as I remembered. Now I planned on getting their Beef on Weck as I knew it was delicious, but when I saw they had carved lamb I could not resist trying a Lamb on Weck. My wife got the Pork and we got a regular order of chicken fingers for the kids.  Kids fingers came with a small fry so I got a large fry to split with the wife. Some Loganberry and a beer for drinks and I was good to go.The lamb was delicious, I normally cover my Beef on Weck in Horseradish (if you're not crying while you eat it, you're not doing it right is my feeling) The lamb was so tasty though I didn't want to hide any taste of it, so I went sans horseradish except for the last two bites. My wife enjoyed the pork, and the kids fingers were good as well. Nice size, crisp outside, juicy inside. And the curly fries are amazing and a HUGE amount (see my photo). Definitely no reason not to split a large fry between two people. It's more than enough.Talking to the worker (owner?) on how good it was after he had seen we devoured it all, he mentioned that they have been in business over 35 years. With food as tasty as this, I can see why. If you're in the Southtowns looking for a good Beef on Weck (or lamb, turkey, or pork as well) check out Steve's.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/27/2013,136,280,,10,3>Although there was a line of people crammed into the entrance, they provided free coffee to everyone waiting.  We only had to wait about 5 minutes for a party of 2.I had a crepe with chicken, ham and swiss cheese, topped with their special sauce (I didn't really love the sauce but that was a personal preference - it had almost a "musty" flavor to it).  They were not stingy with the chicken and the ham.  The chicken was tender and the ham tasted perfectly grilled.  It came with a little side of greens.  It would have been nice to have a side of their AMAZING homefries instead, especially for the price. (A note about the homefries: they are so deliciously seasoned that they don't even require any ketchup or hotsauce! That is unusual for me).Although we were full, my friend and I were too tempted by the dessert crepes.  So we ordered one with nutella and bananas.  I am glad we did - it was completely worth the calories.  My mouth is watering just remembering how great it was.  FULL of bananas and nutella (not stingy!) and topped with a drizzle of chocolate sauce and whipped cream.  Service was top-notch.  I also appreciate being served with a carafe of coffee so I can refill at my leisure.  However, one cup of coffee is on the expensive side.OVERALL: The food, service and great atmosphere earn this place 5 stars in my book and I can't wait to go back.CAUTION: Not cheap.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,6/26/2013,14,185,2,6,2>Ebenezar is a cool sports bar with a huge back porch.  I had a Brooklyn Chocolate Russian imperial stout and Reuben sandwich with a side of Mac and Cheese. The beer was good, but next time I would have a different Brooklyn beer or some other option. The food was *drool* awesome. The menu offered a wide vareity of wing sauces, and then there are wing specials. I will have to try those, the next time i am in West Seneca.I picked my meal based on the waitresses favorite 2 items from the menu. I always think it's fun to ask the workers what they prefer. Sometimes they give BS answers, I am sure, but it helps me to try new things. In this case, I already loved macaroni and cheese and reuben sandwiches. After tasting the reuben sandwich, I felt this was the best Reuben i have ever eaten in my life. Soo good. The meat was easy to bite through and so juicy. My stomach never agrees with sauerkraut, but I will worry about that later. My friend had a steak sandwich (should have gotten the Reuben). It was good, but it was NOT the Reuben.  It was good and had a gravy on the sandwich with a side of chips. I enjoyed how they actually make their own chips. I look down on places when they charge you extra for fries but want to give you chips for free with a meal.  It just makes me think they are lazing out and pouring chips from a bag. Ebenezar includes many different sides with their meals. At one point my friend was wanting to get a waitress for extra napkins. A couple that were not ours walked by and she was sad,.  Our waitress, Dani, walked by and when we thought she didn't see our look of need, she plops a gigantic stack of napkins without us having to ask her. Mind reader Dani! What super service. Dani was friendly and attentive.So... the food was excellent and my service from our waitress was great.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,6/25/2013,88,22,1,6,4>I went here for lunch today with some coworkers and will definitely be back! We decided to sit on the patio which was on a quiet side street, directly behind the Statler and across the street from the Convention Center. From the menu we sampled the meatballs, stuffed pepper risotto cakes, the steak/beans & greens flat iron pizza, the fire roasted beet carpaccio salad, the grilled market vegetable salad and the woppy joe (love that name!) sandwich. All were delicious and there were no complaints at our table, just clean plates. Our server was so nice and accommodating, even after we mentioned we needed 5 separate checks and that we needed to leave within an hour. We also mentioned we were celebrating a birthday and the owner came over after our meals and offered us full size sangria and sparkling wine samples. He also mentioned having Wednesday night happy hours/wine & cheese sampling. Overall it was a really pleasant lunch experience and I'm looking forward to going back for dinner and happy hour(s)!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,6/24/2013,28,66,3,3,2>SO glad they renovated not only the physical space, but also the menu!  We live within walking distance and tried this place out a couple of times prior to the renovation, but we were disappointed each time so we didn't go back until they reopened....and boy am I glad that we did!Nicely remodeled with a great bar...(try their drink specialty...Pimms with muddled fruit...yum!).Wonderful, attentive service with very knowledgeable waiters.   We were with a large group of almost 20 and there were minimal mistakes.  They also fold and reset your napkin for you whenever you get up which threw me for a loop the first time I returned to my seat! :-)The food was deeeeelicious!  We had the iced seafood tower with some of the most delicious crab I've ever had.  Someone else ordered the caviar (which I have never tried before because I've been told it can be fishy at some places)  and it was SO good!  My main course was recommended to me by our waiter...the spinalis cooked rare with the bleu cheese crust....one of the BEST steaks I have ever had in Buffalo....yum!  Not a ton of vegetarian options (as you would expect from a steak house) but my veggie friend had then gnocchi done with a veg sauce and they, too, were great.  The sides are ordered separately but, to be honest, I was too full from everything else to even try them. It was pricey, but for a special night I would totally recommend it now that it is redone.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/23/2013,82,198,2,11,9>I was SO excited to try this new Black Rock restaurant, raised from the literal ashes of a burnt out vacant building near the viaduct on Amherst Street. Not only is it closer to my end of the 'hood, bucking the "put it near Elmwood" trend that has been common with many of Black Rock's new businesses, but the look, concept and menu seemed to exemplify all the best characteristics of casual fine dining. Ambiance/service - a classic-but-modern look to both the exterior, gates/fence and interior. Warm woods and comfortable seating throughout, with an earth toned pallet. Maximum use was made of the small space without making it seemed cramped and still affording room for the ample bar. I was impressed with the service before I even entered the restaurant - when I called to make reservations the hostess was completely honest about how booked they were with large parties and as I also had a large party (10) she didn't want us to feel rushed or cramped. She took my number, called the owner (at 10pm at night!) to ensure he had a good time for us to come in, and called me back promptly to schedule a spot. She was not only helpful but incredibly friendly and down to earth - a great first impression. Service during our meal was also great - food arrived promptly, waters were always filled, the server was around that perfect amount to never leave us wanting but not be intrusive. Food - We were all blown away by our food. Even the relish trays brought out were super tasty. We sampled a large variety of items: stuffed pepper dip - cheesy, breadcrumby, pepper-y goodness, just the right amount of spicypolenta fries - strips of seasoned corn meal fried and served with a garlic aioli  frenched lemon chicken - super tender chicken with an artichoke-speckled breading and sumptuous lemon sauce that had a great balance of flavorsGrits with shrimp and andouille sausage - served in a huge bowl, my friend literally raved about how amazing it was; we were all impressed with the side of mac'n'cheese he ordered and passed around as wellGrilled cheese with short ribs - large, perfectly texturedThe steak was delicious, but my friend felt the bleu cheese sauce it is served with was a bit too intense - I didn't personally sample it, but I can imagine that being a person to person preference versus anything "wrong" with the dish.  The pierogies and kielbosa were cooked perfectly and the dish was tasty but nothing amazing - I felt it was the one dish that was just on par with typical restaurants (and the pierogies were definitely not as good as ones I've had from Polish restaurants or homemade). Overall everything was at least very good, and most of it was absolutely excellent. Combine this with the great interior, interesting exterior and excellent service and you have a winner. Can't wait to go back! It looked like they have a patio area in the back, though I'm unsure if this will be in use. Also, parking looks small and a bit tricky but after you enter through the large, ornamental gate if the few spaces immediately to the left are full head diagonally back to the left; there is a second, much larger lot behind the restaurant.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/22/2013,63,67,3,7,6>Oh man, I think I found my new favorite Mediterranean place.My boyfriend insisted that we come to Shish Kabab Express for the first time during the worst blizzard of the year thus far. At first, I admit that I was less than enthusiastic about going, but as soon as the food hit the table I changed my mind.The hommus is amazing, with the perfect combination of oil levels, flavors, and texture. For my entree, I had chicken shawarma on an Iraqi samoon. I couldn'get over the expert combination of textures: the chicken was perfectly marinated, the samoon was feathery and light, and a few well-placed pickles added the perfect kick of crunch and saltiness. There's free tea up at the front, and bread products available for purchase to take home. When we were there, only one gentleman was working. He seated us, took our orders, prepared the food, and handled the cashing-out process. The blizzard might have had something to do with it, but I was impressed with the amount of work he did quickly and flawlessly. I will definitely be visiting this restaurant again, and will update my review if necessary. I'm keeping my fingers crossed, however, that the 5-star rating will stand strong, because this is a meal that I am very excited to repeat!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,6/21/2013,90,142,10,7,6>So maybe this review gets a bit too deep into my psyche, but am I the only one who watches Sweeney Todd and gets ravishingly hungry?  Every time I watch the movie I leave dying (pun intended) for English meat pies.  Sure, I should have been turned off by the fact that since the price of meat was too high in London Mrs. Lovett and the demon Barber got creative with the fillings, but there is just something about meat in a buttery crust that is just irresistible...whatever that meat may be.  Pastelilos, lahmajoon, jamaican beef patties, empanadas, sambusas, knish, calzones, pot pies, Beef Wellington, hell even hot pockets are the GREATEST foods on earth (ok maybe not hot pockets) because meat, wrapped in flour and butter synergize into a whole far greater than the sum of its parts.  However, the English variety tend to be the very best.  While the English have been poo pooed for their lack of culinary prowess (a position for which I strongly disagree), generally their gamey stews and sausages are some of the best on this earth.  Think of the two fat ladies, Jamie Oliver, Downton Abbey, etc. every time a stew comes out of their respective kitchens it makes me instantly salivate and want one.  Of course, Buffalo is certainly not the spot one would think they could find traditional English pies.A couple of years ago I stumbled across one of the English Pork Pie Company's simple pork pies at Premier.  It was very good, but did not satisfy my craving.  The crust was excellent and the pork was nice and gelatinous, but not what I was looking for.  However, these were certainly not the "Worst Pies in London."  Then a couple of months ago, Blue Monk started featuring the English Pork Pie Company's pies on their English Tuesday Nights, along with other traditional British fare (potted shrimp, bangers and mash, etc.).  I tried the mushed pea and beef pie with gravy, and it was spectacular.  This was exactly what I was looking for.  The English Pork Pie's warehouse is a little hidden off of the 190 in an industrial and depressed section of town.  I happened to be in the neighborhood doing a tour of the Central Terminal and seeing the remnants of the Broadway Market, so I decided to stop in and stock up.  Entering into a very simple and clean storefront attached to the warehouse, I was instantly greeted by the owners a very friendly Husband and Wife duo (with a very cute baby boy) from Staffordshire, England.  When I looked over the menu of wares I was like Augustus Gloop; so overwhelmed with delight that I had to dive into the river of chocolate.  They provide everything I could have wanted and more.  Cornish Pasties, Steak and Ale pie, Linconshire Sausages (regular and larger size), black pudding, pork pies with mustard, pork pies with Stilton, pork pies with cheddar and pickles, the list goes on and on!!  However, down in a little tiny corner of the menu I spotted one of my favorite culinary delicacies: Scotch Eggs  (hard boiled eggs wrapped in sausage, breaded and fried until crispy.)  Yes, they were as good as they sound, probably the best I have every eaten.  I like to eat mine cold with a paprika, dijon aioli.  Last night I feasted on English sausages, pies and scotch eggs with a nice Brooklyn Brewery Pale Ale, and it was wonderful, easily one of the best meals of this year.  Their pies have vastly improved since my original sampling at Premier.  Now, please do not think that I am suggesting that they are stuffing their pies with Soylent Green.  However, should they delve into the realm of the demon barber of fleet street, may I suggest genre pies like a "little priest" on Sundays, or I hear a "lawyer's rather nice, if it's for a price."  The English Pork Pie Company is yet another hidden jewel in the crown of the Queen City, and well worth the trip to the East Side.  I still have a few pies in my fridge and am getting hungry writing this, so to quote the great Hannibal Lector: "I do wish we could chat longer, but I'm having an old friend for dinner.  Bye."
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,6/20/2013,36,63,3,10,2>The guts: I have been to many studios, over many years, with many different teachers. No doubt, this studio and style of yoga has captured my attention and ceased my desire to seek out new studios. My husband actually was the one who was inspired by one of the owners, Susan, to try yoga himself for the first time ever. He was overcome with her patient, gentle demeanor while shopping one day, saying she was "the most pleasant unpretentious person" he's met and wanted to check out her class. So we did. I should mention this was a few years ago before "Power Yoga Buffalo" opened. She and Jamie (other owner), continued to educate and inspire us so much that we (mostly me) followed them through three departed studio locations before arriving at the current location. They have always taken care to make everyone feel welcome, they consistently remind students that we are all beginners and to take your practice at your own pace, all the while they are there to help you advance in your path. PYB now offers a variety of class levels and time slots to suit any student. I love the 40 Days to Personal Revolution where you may begin a journey of self exploration and slowly learn how to step by step make physical and emotional changes through practice, meditation, and nutrition. They also offer a New to Baptiste Power Yoga, where you are carefully shown postures with proper alignment, a series I think useful for anyone, be it your first class or your thousandth. The vessel: The new PYB location sits on the second floor of an unassuming building tucked behind a doctors office off Main Street. What I think is the best part of the rather large open space is the windows on the north and south sides of the studio coupled with raw wooden posts speckled through the floor. Sometimes I gaze out the window during one of those ridiculously long poses and try to imagine I'm practicing in a sort of tree fort among the canopy. Now, if you look up, you will find a not so organic stainless ceiling with little nail holes, tiny copper wires, footprints, hand prints, and all kinds of other little gems to entertain (clearly I need more practice on focus!).  The floor is wood (real maybe?) which I love, I am adamantly opposed to yoga, especially hot sweaty yoga, on a rug...yuck. Cost: You're barking up the wrong tree here if you want to complain about the 'cost' of any exercise to me. So, yes, worth every penny. There are so many instructors and I have grown to love them each differently, be cause they all have something different to offer if your open and willing. The hours are flexible, the parking is ample.Be warned, it is hot, it is difficult, it is addictive. Addictive because it, makes you feel strong and it makes you feel good.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/19/2013,58,72,6,15,6>First off.. I'm only doing 4 stars because this is the 1st and only time I've been to a Salon.. so I feel like I need another experience to move it up to 5 on my list...That being said, this review is done from the point of view of a former military man, former chef, and barber shop junkie.. it really was MORE than a haircut however.I'm used to going in to a shop, making some small talk, and coming out with less hair than I went in with.. here, that all changes.I made an appointment with James, who recently had a write up in the Buffalo Spree.. I saw his hair, and wanted to copy him.. so I figured I'd start at the source.He took care of me from the moment I walked in, offered to take my jacket, offered me a drink, and then asked me what I wanted to do.. he is obviously very experienced and gifted at this particular art form, as he was telling me things about my own hair that I'd never even known.After some talk, a relaxing wash, he began to change the way my hair looked.  Keep in mind, I've got the same guy's haircut for over 12 years.. this was the first time I ever remember getting a haircut that wasn't 80% clippers and a little scissor work at the end... James was meticulous and really sweat the details.. he finished with a straight razor in the back and a warm towel.. used a little bit of product to show me a desired effect and how to do it on my own.. All in all, I walked in looking for a haircut, and walked out with a whole new view on my hair.. I'm very much looking forward to going back and continuing this trend.-Yes it was a few dollars more than a barbershop cut.. but I've got no problem paying for a service that is worth it, and I walked out of this Salon almost thinking I got a deal.. though if you too feel this way, I'm sure tips are appreciated.---------I've been back twice since this first review, and I'm happy to report that everything is still just as wonderful as it was the first time I ventured in here.  Now I couldn't imagine going someplace else.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/18/2013,22,41,1,5,2>Rather than write a negative review about the dry cleaners I used for a little while that consistently let me down, I thought I'd say how great Rotundo's is! They've become my go-to spot once again because they are extremely reasonable, super friendly and do great work. What else do you need in a dry cleaners?After having a previous dry cleaner overcharge me, lose an item for two weeks and then give me several items totally wrinkled (which were supposed to be pressed), this place is my oasis. You walk in, tell them what you need, hand your things over, and then they come back exactly how you'd like them and you're not charged a penny over what's needed, it seems. That is awesome to me.Don't be scared off by the slightly unkempt appearance of the place. It's old school West Side style, friends, no biggie. They take good care of your clothes and linens and such, so who cares if there are dust bunnies on the floor, right? I don't mind! And their dogs are pretty cute too.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,6/17/2013,17,35,1,3,3>Atmosphere: I would have to agree with everyone else's reviews on the ambiance of this place, it is kinda confusing as to what they were going for, honestly it reminds me more of a modern Italian eatery or something; though this place is spotless so I have absolutely no complaints in that department.Food: One thing I didn't really notice in the other reviews is how amazing their veggie burger is! I have been craving one ever since I got it here last month and now that I have had it all others are just kinda hard and blah. This place will definitely fill you up though, I haven't tried any of their side dishes other than the free salad bar that comes with your burger, I haven't needed to since the burgers are so huge! And once I get this pregnancy weight off I'm definitely going to be trying one of their spiked milk shakes.Service: I've only been here twice so far but each time the waitress was very nice and informative.Dislike: Something I hope they change about this place is that they do not have fountain beverages! (I'm a sucker for free refills so when I order a soda and get a can/bottle and glass I get a little turned off)Tips: I noticed at the tables they had specials listed such at 10 cheese burgers 10 drinks 10 fries and 10 cookies for $100 or something along those lines so if you have a group of friends that is definitely the way to go, awesome deal!Download the "Belly" App and collect points every time you come to get some free food. (checked in twice and have already earned a free ice cream)
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,6/16/2013,22,55,,4,3>A friend's recent photo on Facebook of a bowl of Pho made me really interested in trying it for myself. So, naturally I had to check Yelp for the best Vietnamese restaurant in the area and this is where I was led. As we drove through some questionable areas to get here, my husband grew concerned. At one point he said, "Where are you taking me? Are there bars on the windows?" I laughed, knowing that what was in store for us was going to be amazing (thanks to this trusty Yelp app!!!). The place doesn't look like a typical restaurant that I would normally be drawn to, but that's why you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover... or in this case, a restaurant by it's neighborhood, or storefront, or name. When you walk in, it is very welcoming and you can seat yourself. There are plenty of little booths along the walls. We were greeted right away, our orders were promptly taken, and the food was served shortly after. We each started with a Vietnamese Egg Roll and we shared the Shrimp BBQ On Stick. I thought there would be 4 sticks with shrimp, but it was actually only 1 stick with 4 shrimp, which was totally fine. The egg rolls were perfectly crispy and delicious! I'm not sure what was inside of them, but does anyone ever really know what's in an egg roll??? We both had a small bowl of Pho for our main course (which was actually a huge bowl). I had the "no meat" and he had the "variety/combo" Pho. We both loved it! Some of the things in my husbands bowl were very mysterious, but he ate it all right up. This was our first time trying Vietnamese and we both loved it! We'll be back! This place is great!!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,6/15/2013,6,22,3,5,3>I've been here a few times for dinner and every experience has been wonderful.  I've had dinner both inside and out on the patio during the summer.  The patio is small, but beautiful at night and surrounded by flowers and lights.  I recommended making reservations on the weekends and you'll be seated promptly to your table.  The servers are always attentive and friendly.Last time I had the grilled tiger shrimp to start.  The shrimp came on a bed of goat cheese and the balsamic dressing gave it a lot of flavor.  My girlfriend had the pan seared sea scallops, which were flavored in the lemon aioli and she loved them! For my meal I had the oven roasted filet of salmon and I can honestly say it was some of the best salmon I've ever had.  It tasted fresh and it was topped with toasted bread crumbs. Amazing! I hear they have great brunch on the weekends that I am dying to try.  I recommend grabbing a seat on the patio in the summer.  It provides a romantic atmosphere that makes it a great date spot! One of my Buffalo favorites!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,6/14/2013,37,84,,5,2>I feel bad being the only 4-star review (as of this post) but I can't legitimately give it 5 stars.  Maybe it'll change when I go back again but for now, it stays at 4...which isn't bad.  I thought the food here was quite good.  The pizza as good except the sauce was a bit acidic and had too much of it.  The wings here are very good.  I typically order my wings dry with the sauce on the side since I can control how much sauce to use.  It's also a good way of judging the quality of the wing and not the quality of the sauce as a single item.  The BBQ sauce was below par for me... and since I did order it dry, I was able to give the chicken two thumbs up with the BBQ sauce 2 thumbs down.  Imagine the complications if I had ordered them wet?!The interior is outdated but nothing too distracting.  As mentioned above, I'm gonna have to come back again and give it another go to see if I can upgrade the review but still worth a try if you haven't had it before.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/13/2013,6,14,1,2,2>I normally don't crave foods but their strawberry goat cheese salad with a side of pizza crust and marinara sauce is usually all I get here and I love it so much I try to get there at least every other week. Last week I did have a Hawaiian pizza and it was delicious; and their bruschetta pizza I get as an appetizer (I share) is soooo good. This restaurant is not fancy (at all) and is located in a plaza which I normally wouldn't even try but someone suggested it about 4 years ago to me and I can't get enough...I meet friends and family there often for lunch and dinner and it never disappoints. Definitely worth checking out; menu is huge I just stick with my cravings!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/12/2013,130,75,,3,2>Hands down our favorite pet supply store. Period. The owners are incredibly helpful - I can't tell you how many times I've gone in with seeming puppy catastrophes and they've been able to help me with whatever it was. We get our food there, toys there, bully sticks there... Stout gives five paws! (Or he would if he had five paws...but that would be weird.)
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,6/11/2013,42,40,3,9,6>Dinner at Martin Cooks is a seriously fantastic experience. Everything about the restaurant is terrific, from the service to the space to the food. Let me start with the space. The restaurant is located in the Horsefeather Market on the west side of Buffalo. That might sound dicey to people who don't live there, but it isn't. You walk into a beautifully decorated space with a large bar that wraps around an amazing looking kitchen. You eat at the bar, which means you can watch Martin cook, or you can talk to your friends.The service is a real treat. The chef and his staff prepare the food and bring it to your table. They talk to you about the food, the wine, the thought processes that went into the preparation. It gives the meal an intimate feeling, and you can really understand the chef's creative processes.The best part, of course, is the food itself. The restaurant offers a 5 course meal for $55 per person, plus a wine pairing for more, if you want. The people I went with decided to order a bottle of wine from a small but interesting wine list. Five courses sounds like a lot, but the portions were just the right size. You can enjoy each course without feeling overwhelmed or stuffed. The meal was out of this world delicious. And the food was beautifully presented. My two favorites were the salad --  an interesting combination of greens, sprouts, asparagus, an egg, and wonderful dressing -- and the dessert -- olive oil cake, which I'd never had but loved. The other parts of the meal were also delicious: a light, spring soup; risotto; and a fish dish. (One of the people I was with doesn't usually like fish but it ends up that this was his favorite part of the meal.)The restaurant is extremely small. It only seats 12 people, so you probably need rezzies to get in, though at the end of the dinner, Martin told us that people can drop in and order off the menu. According to him, you don't have to go with the full 5 course meal. But the 5 course meal was so good, I would go there again for that. Plus the menu changes all the time. I'm really curious to see what other meals Martin puts together.I've got a new favorite restaurant!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,6/10/2013,15,10,1,6,4>Head, shoulders, knees and toes, emphasis on the knees and shoulders.  Those are just a few of the parts that are now aching on my poor body from yesterday's CrosSpin class.  I've been hesitant on the whole 'Cross Fit' craze, namely because I feel like an idiot bouncing my not so tight body around in front of others.  However, this environment was small, cozy and comfortable enough that I didn't feel overwhelmed and intimidated by manly gruntable equipment.  (Anyone who has been to a gym will understand that comment.)  With that being said, I had nothing to lose as the first session was FREE, something you don't see a lot these days and needless to say, I'm hooked!  Literally dripping sweat from the end of my nose, my face was glowing after all was said and done.  After such a great burn and an overwhelming feeling of accomplishment, this friendly laid back staff made me feel no pressure.  This therefore prompted me to purchase an additional 26 classes, with no hesitations on my end after clearing up all questions quickly and easily with a team member over the phone.  I highly recommend this local establishment to lose the flab in an accepting environment.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,6/9/2013,77,131,2,7,3>We've been to Potters Field a couple of times now.  The waitress is very attentive, the bartender keeps an eye on your drinks as well, and the food is solidly good.  Our checks have been about $33 each time for 2 people, appetizer, entree and drinks.They offer some very unique sauces for their wings (non-breaded, a little on the smaller side, but good quality).  Besides Hot, Medium and Mild, they offer South Buffalo Style (don't order these - they are breaded and low meat quality wings), honey mustard, charbroiled, mango red pepper BBQ, and chipolte BBQ.  They also offer a less adventurous Kentucky BBQ which I ordered and enjoyed - just a hint of heat.  They also let us split a single order of wings in 2 flavors, which was nice and not an option at most places we've been to.Their regular menu includes French Onion Soup and Stuffed Banana Pepper Soup (not spicy at all, but very tasty).  They also have 3 (!!!) "soups of the day" that change regularly.  With this many soups, it's awesome that they offer a 3-Soup Sampler for $4.99 as an appetizer.  That alone would be worth coming to try! We've had burgers and steaks here.  Every time they have been overcooked by one level, but they taste so good it doesn't matter.  We did let the kitchen know that he's off by about 10 seconds, but otherwise next time we'll see if there's improvement or just start ordering things medium rare.  lol That kitchen has a char broiler back there and they aren't afraid to use it!  the burgers are delicious and totally worth the $8.99.  Our burgers came with fresh cut fries.  They were YUM. :-)  My dinner companion opted for sweet potato fries ($1 upcharge) which came in waffle cut and were topped with a honey butter concoction of goodness.  You also have the option of upgrading to tater tots, but we will save that for another time.  The waitress said that the tater tots are the chef's specialty, so that's definitely a must try for next time.Ask about the daily specials!From 11am-3pm Monday-Friday, everything on their menu is $6.99 (excludes double wings and soup).It's delicious.  I will be returning.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/8/2013,13,65,3,8,4>This beautiful new place to grocery shop is a wonderful combination of the Lexington Co-Op, Wegman's and a Whole Foods. Located in the Village of Orchard Park, it is easily accessible from anywhere in the Southtowns. There is really no other store like it in Western New York right now. The closest would be the Co-Op but this facility is a very sleek and sexy space that makes you feel cool just being there. The set-up and even the lighting is upscale. Make no mistake, this is not anything like a Trader Joe's. This is his older, more handsome, and successful brother. The prices seem a bit higher than Top's or Wegman's for some items but the quality is better, especially the fresh fruits, vegetables, meats and cheeses. Don't expect your usual brands, either. There are many unfamiliar, organic and imported brands that I wanted to try. No Coke or Pepsi here! But there is a great coffee and tea bar with fresh gelato! Also some really delicious-looking prepared food; nice for a quick meal on the go. Definitely my new store and judging by the crowds, I'm not alone.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/7/2013,168,1331,1,7,3>We came back here for a celebratory dinner recently.  There were 4 of us, had a nice table in the main room, but it is nice enough now that the porch is terrific as well.  When we left the porch was filled.   We were seated promptly, and started with bar drinks at the table (the bar was already full).  The owner/chef, Cory, came out to say hello, which is a very nice touch.  There were two apps ordered at the table.  One was the ravioli with Spring vegetables.  Outstanding.  Cant wait to have it again.  May order it as a "main" when we are back again. The second was from the prix fixe menu for the week, a perch app, also very good.The mains were a fillet, done to perfection, with asparagus that was very good.  They have a new fish, bronzini (en croute), which looked fabulous, and since the plate was cleaned, probably tasted that way as well.  The halibut from the Prix Fixe menu was ordered, considered to be excellent. The fourth "main" was actually another app, the foie gras, and was good as well.  Its Hudson Valley foie gras.We had a nice white wine, a Vouvray, a light crisp wine that paired very well with the fish.  Desserts were creme brulee, always a nice touch.  Since we were celebrating, Cory sent over a round of after dinner drinks, which were appreciated by the table, and thanks goodness we had a designated driver :)Tip - When making a reservation let Richard (Matire d) know if you prefer the garden or main room, as well as if there is a special occasion for the meal.(Posted today in honor of my mother's birthday, this is her favorite restaurant.)
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,6/6/2013,57,144,2,6,4>I went here for an early dinner yesterday. Upon entering, the restaurant was empty. I waited a few minutes for someone to come from the back and seat me. Another patron entered a few minutes later and then a couple, just after I placed my order. It was not busy, which is my point.The restaurant itself is very nice looking. To quote Julie J, "The restaurant is spacious and attractive." I took a window seat, finding it a comfortable place to dine alone or in a group. The waitress took my order when she brought me my coffee and water. I didn't see her again for 20 to 25 minutes. I know nothing about preparing Ethiopian cuisine so perhaps that is how long it takes. But I could have used a refill on my coffee while I waited. She did stop by once during my meal with an offer of a refill but by that time, I was set with the water. She never asked how everything was. My point; this place seems a little lacking in hospitality.The food however, was amazing. I ordered the Vegetarian Rice served with Curomba Watt, Key Sir, Shiro Watt* and a side salad. *Normally this dish includes Gomen Watt but it was no problem to substitute for the Shiro Watt which I preferred. All three vegetarian dishes were incredible with great flavor. I was surprised that the dish did not come with any Injera bread because traditionally that is how those dishes are eaten, to my understanding. Maybe it was because it was served with rice. I had asked about a vegetarian sampler at ordering but the waitress seemed confused so I just went with this dish which was close. I wasn't disappointed.I will definitely be here again. The price, the quality of the meal and the interior decor made for a nice dining experience. I have yet to try Lucy's (where do you park?). But Mike's has this place WAY beat on hospitality. The owner there is like having a friend's mom graciously feeding you and ensuring that you enjoy every last bit. Of course, they are housed in an old sub shop so Gutar's wins for ambiance. The food was enjoyable at both places but I think I enjoyed the flavor at Gutar's a bit more.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/5/2013,5,80,,4,5>If you are looking to get your ice cream fix this is the place to go.  Here you get extra large portions and my favorite would be on a waffle cone.  As soon as you get there do not forget to get in line for service.  At times there are 20 or more people in line but the service is fast. I have been going here since I was a kid and have always loved their lemon slush.  Watch out for the brain freeze when eating one!  They serve Perry's ice cream but for some reason it tastes better than the store bought variety.  There is very little seating inside but they do have a large patio outside but you must watch out for the occasional bees that want some of the ice cream.   It is a must go to spot.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/4/2013,82,148,2,8,4>The Amherst Theater on Main Street, operated by Dipson Theaters is pretty much everything a movie theater should be.To be clear...It is not McDonald's; it does not serve hot dogs, hamburgers, cheese-swamped pretzel bites, cheese-swamped nachos.  It is not Disneyland; it does not have fountains, streamers, banners, or characters.  It is not an arcade.  It is not a stadium.  It is not Ripley's Believe It or Not.  It does not have stadium seating, 3D thingamajigs, or any of the other unnecessary frills Mr. Regal and Mrs. AMC have conditioned you to want.  To be clear, Amherst Theater is a damned good movie theater, which means...It shows movies, good movies, movies you won't find in megaplexes at malls with vast parking lots out in front.  It is staffed by polite, competent individuals with palpable personalities who give two damns about movies.  It is clean and tidy.  Its screens are in proper working condition to view beautiful art films.So what kind of movies will you watch here?  "Doubt."  "Michael."  "My Blueberry Nights."  "Brokeback Mountain."  "Fahrenheit 9/11."  "The Artist."  "Black Swan."  (At least, those are some of the movies that I saw there.) You'll find critical darlings.  You'll find Oscar bait.  You'll find movies other theaters are afraid, unwilling, or unable to show.Moreover, visit here enough and you'll quickly learn that the place is dedicated to the community, that it hosts college-affiliated screenings with lectures, special Midnight features, and local premieres.  You'll learn that you can lop $2 or more off an admission every Tuesday.  Moreover, you'll learn that even their regular priced tickets are a buck cheaper than that of Regal.  Note: this theater is owned by Dipson, which also operates North Park (on Hertel), Market Arcade (downtown), the McKinley Mall theater, and the Eastern Hills Mall theater.  Between them (all of which share a similar mantra and similar pricing), it is entirely possible to swear off Regal and AMC for good in the greater Buffalo area.  Do yourself a favor and give this place a shot.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,6/3/2013,122,85,1,7,4>Taste: 5/5Variety: 5/5Quality: 5/5This is the best Indian restaurant in the buffalo area. First off, this Indian buffet offers a variety of dishes from northern (chicken malai, butter chicken, tandoori) and southern India (dosas, idly). Two of my favorite dishes in general are palak paneer and a spicy eggplant type curry. TG had a dish that was basically palak paneer WITH the addition of eggplant! Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised. I've been to a handful of Indian buffets and sometimes the food can sit for a while - not the case at TG. One item I use to gauge turnover at these joints is the pakora. Every buffet I've been to (Boston, DFW, Buffalo) has cold pakora with the exception of TG and Delhi Chaat. It's the small things that make the big difference. The price for the weekend lunch buffet was around $9 and comes with naan. In addition, hot chai tea is offered on the buffet. And lastly, the butter chicken is amazing. I would honestly drink the sauce if it had no detrimental effects on the body. Highly recommended!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,6/2/2013,37,78,4,4,4>From what I hear I've committed quite a sacrilege. I've lived in Buffalo for 26 years and I've never been to Paula's. So I decided to rectify this terrible oversight.I first walked into Paula's around 10 am on a Wednesday, well past the much mentioned morning rush. I went up to the counter, explained my predicament and asked the woman what kind of donut she recommended for a Paula's virgin. After ridiculing me for only wanting one donut she offered some suggestions, and then so did two or three other people who were around the counter.Based on suggestions and curiosity I went with the Red Velvet donut as I had never seen one before. It was a darn good donut. It tasted like a glorified sour cream glazed (which they also had) which is that taste that is so hard to describe but you always crave. I ate it on my way to work and by the time I arrived I had wished I took the lady's advice and gotten a second donut.As I left the shop on Wednesday she made a comment that I will be back again soon. Well she was right, I couldn't stay away. Two days later I was back to get a dozen to give to the people I work with. Thanks to the Yelp check-in deal I also scored two free donuts for myself. I ended up getting just an assorted dozen of what seemed like popular types. The box had to weigh at least 3 pounds in the end and she couldn't close the lid (so just taped it down gingerly). Everyone raved about the donuts the rest of the day as apparently they were not well versed in Paula's either.As for my two donuts, I went with the Peanut Cream since that was what someone recommended previously as well as the Cheese Donut because, like the red velvet, I had never seen one before. The cheese donut was good, really good. I think they had just come out of the kitchen because it seemed extra gooey and melty. It tasted a lot like when you go to a Krispy Kreme (which I will not be doing anymore now that I know Paula's) and get one of the donuts fresh off the line. Only this one also had a cheese frosting inside.As for the Peanut Cream, that one was hard to finish. But in a good way. It is so big and so rich that if the attempt at cutting it wouldn't produce a terrible mess it would be great for two people to split. It was covered in peanuts, which didn't do a great job of staying adhered when eating, and vanilla frosting on the inside which is where the richness came in. I swear there must have been at least a half cup of frosting in there. I had it for lunch, and went into a bit of a food coma in the afternoon thanks to it.So in the end I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to try Paula's donuts. I'll be the first to admit that I am a huge Tim Hortons nut, but from now on they are regulated to coffee only. Anytime I need donuts, I'm going to Paula's.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/1/2013,12,82,2,9,3>This place is ridiculous! In a good way of course. Restaurant week is the time of year everyone waits for, but at VLC, its always restaurant week. Don't get me wrong here - this place is expensive - but its worth it because of the quality of seafood they use. I got the 1 and 1/4 lb lobster, a crab cluster of legs, and 1/2 doz clams for $39, my sister got the salmon restaurant weeks deal and my girlfriend got the shrimp and scallop scampi. My meal (part of restaurant week) was just your typical steampot which was delicious. The salmon my sister had packed a punch with a great medley of spices and herbs. But was stole the show was my girlfriends scampi. After taking one bite of that dish I knew I should have just ordered off the regular menu. Heres a tip for everyone out there: Just because you go to a restaurant during restaurant week DOESN't mean you have to order from that specific menu! In some cases, like at VLC, you'll be missing out on what they really have to offer**** reservation is a must
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,5/31/2013,187,640,2,7,4>As with any place - there are always going to be those that totally disagree with the masses. In this case - I'm not one of those people. First of all - I've been here only about three or four times and never have I had to wait - lunch time or weekday or night. The service is always quick - maybe it's because I'm so friendly they just can't wait to make me happy - or maybe it's my Yelp shirt! Whatever the case may be - I seriously have never had to wait more then a couple of minutes if that!The place is normally pretty busy though and sometimes it might be hard to find a place to park - even though there is some street parking AND back lot parking. I guess it all depends on how busy they really are.You will find things very clean for the amount of traffic that goes through this place and even the bathrooms are quite decent. Pricing is in par with any of the other great places to eat - very reasonable for what you are getting. They also will cook your meat exactly how you want it AND the flavor is great. If you want one of the best beef on wicks you can get - this place it the place to go in the area. I'm not sure what's up with the very few people who rated this poorly, but I will stand behind my review!I will reserve the 5 star for perhaps my next visit!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,5/30/2013,50,116,1,8,1>Food:  A+Service:  A++Noise Level:  FFirst, the location on Delaware is a bit weird. There isn't much activity on that block, let alone eateries. It's literally on the only shady block that Delaware Ave has. Can somebody tell me if there was even on-site parking?..my family couldn't find it.I was very, very pleased with the food. My family and I got the Eggplant Napoleon. Lightly-fried eggplant sandwiched in multiple layers with fresh cut tomato slices and fresh mozzarella with a light drizzle of balsamic finger and prosciutto at the base. I wish I didn't have to share this dish with 3 other people. It was clean and refreshing. Probably not great for a large party of people.There was a Halibut special that evening. It was thick, and flaky, and non-fishy. It was fantastic. I tend to eat fish very quickly so I picked on my mother's grilled prawns with linguini. The dish was huge...I knew I should have gotten that instead. My father ordered the bistro steak......which I highly regret not ordering. He normally orders steaks well done (eww!) but thought that a place like this would do a fine job at cooking a steak medium-well. The steak was juicy and tender, cooked right, covered in a savory Cabernet sauce.I've eaten at all of Buffalo's fine dining establishments haven't had a more perfect waiter. He was friendly, calm, attentive, knowledgeable, and professional. He checked in at appropriate times, RESET silverware properly, and poured wine with the label facing you. I didn't even know that was the right thing to do until my brother mentioned after. I was impressed.The noise level inside the dining rooms is horrendously bad. Small rooms + cramped table spacing + large parties of people = one terrible headache. It made Chuck E Cheese look like a library. I couldn't hear myself think and I felt very rushed. The noise factor was truly the only bad thing I have to say about this place. Be smart and try to get an outside table if you can.I can't afford to eat at fancy places often. But the next time I want a good steak, I'll know where to go.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,5/29/2013,35,6,2,3,3>Took my family to the Sportzone at the Dome for some food and fun and we had a great time! We played, golf, baseball, soccer, zombie dodgeball, and the kids had a great time.  The screens are huge and all of the choices were awesome. You will want to stay about an hour at least! It was pretty busy for a Saturday afternoon, It would be great for a get together of friends and birthdays too. I will definitely be back. The food was from the Grill at the Dome, which is always super good!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/28/2013,78,107,3,3,3>My Order: Chocolate Mint Martini, Chocolate Dipped Strawberry Martini (RECOMMENDED!), Strawberry Cheesecake Martini, Fondue for 2 Pros:- Their fondue for 2 option was only $20 and included a variety of dip-able foods (i.e. pretzels, fruit, marshmallows, cookies). This can easily be split among 4 people. - Their shots are relatively inexpensive ($3-4). - Their specials are very interesting! On Monday nights, you can get a free manicure with a martini purchase. On Wednesday nights, you can get a free 5 minute massage with a martini purchase. - They use cute little chocolate rolls as martini straws.Cons:- The martinis were a bit pricey ($10) - It is located in downtown Buffalo so you're at the mercy of off-street parking (depending on whether or not that's available).Overall, I found that it's a great place to bring a date or host a girl's night. After all, you can't go wrong with chocolate... ;)
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,5/27/2013,72,177,1,7,8>Best cupcakes in the area, hands down.  I have tried many places in WNY and was sad when I realized the best vegan cupcakes around were all the way in East Aurora.  I was thrilled when Zillycakes announced Firefly would be moving into their space and have been counting the days until the city location opened.Firefly opened today and their cupcakes are huge! For $2.75, you get a cupcake twice the size of what the Buffalo Cakery sold for $2.50.  They have specials every week as well as classics which are always available. There are always two gluten free vegan classics (chocolate explosion and vanilla bean)  as well as a special gluten free vegan option, vegan option, and gluten free option.  It's nearly impossible to bite down on the whole cupcake because it is so tall.Today we got the PBC (peanut butter cup), Key Lime Pie (complete with lime curd filling and graham cracker base), and a gluten free vegan chocolate salted caramel. If you love frosting, Firefly will not disappoint.  The regular frosting smells like butter. The vegan frosting is incredible.  The cake is moist and dense.Firefly serves Stumptown coffee, which includes decaf coffee that is not chemically decaffeinated.  I don't know where else you can get coffee decaffeinated with a water process around here.Last and least, they also have canine cupcakes for your dog.Zillycakes still works out of the same space doing wedding cakes and dessert catering, so Zillycakes' awning is still up.  Don't be confused; Firefly is inside.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,5/26/2013,56,82,3,7,4>I absolutely adore Giancarlo's. It is dangerously located very close to my office, so I pop in here for lunch far more often than I should (enough that they have my club soda with lime in front of me before I need to ask for it). Where to even start... the service is amazing. In the dining room it's wonderful, but I prefer to sit at the bar where I can usually be guaranteed some friendly conversation from both servers and patrons, or be left alone to read if I'm sporting a book that day. The food is phenomenal. I've been working my way through the menu, and have so far tried: * Funghi Pizza: white pizza with fresh mushrooms, just enough cheese, and so much garlic that I felt sorry for everyone I interacted with back at work that afternoon* Zuppe de Mare: very spicy seafood soup that I would eat every day if I could (and, honestly, last week had more days than not). It's enough for a hearty accompaniment to a salad or in the large size as a meal of its own. * Scallop Salad (special): seriously one of the best salads I've ever had. Field greens, perfectly seared scallops, bacon, nuts, and a maple vinaigrette.* Mamma's Meatball: my god. I mean, I just don't even have the words. These are made fresh every morning by the matriarch of the family, and come out approximately the same size as my nephew's head. Served over a giant pile of spaghetti with a sauce that has just enough of a kick to keep me happy while similar enough to my grandfather's sauce that it almost tastes like home (cheesy, I know, but it's that good). * Eggplant Parmesean: just eat this. You will not in any way, shape, or form regret it. I could go on, but we'd be here for awhile. The only thing on the menu that I've tried so far and wouldn't completely rave about were the wraps, and that's not because they were bad but simply because they were just average, and not up to the incredible standards set by the rest of the menu. They don't open the dining room for dinners, just large parties, so when I had a post-work dinner meeting we sat at one of the tables in the bar area and were perfectly happy. Something to keep in mind though, if you're looking to go for dinner. Heading in for lunch I recommend arriving early, because the restaurant (and more crucially the parking lot) start to fill up around 12:30/1, and it makes finding a spot for more than one somewhat dicey. Overall, go here. Eat here. Or try their $29 take-out for a meal comprised of three (of six) choices (that they say will feed six but realistically feeds closer to ten).
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,5/25/2013,27,199,2,2,2>If you are in the mood for a very good lunch that is also very expensive this is the place for you. But hey, good things cost money................Very small space but clean and classy. When you walk in you are greeted by a very friendly person who attempts to do everything they can do to provide you a superior level of customer service, which was welcoming. They have very interesting combinations for wraps which at first I was a bit thrown off about. I was about to walk out when I said hey, lets just give them a try. I ordered a turkey wrap that had diced up apples on it?????!!!!!!!!! weird huh??? IT WAS WONDERFUL!!!! I honestly cant tell you which I liked more my weird wrap of the perfectly salted home made potato chips.If you are in the area of Niagara falls on the American side for lunch I would pick this place any day over the other slim pickings in the immediate vicinity of the falls. However be prepared to spend about 15 bucks on a wrap, chips and a drink.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/24/2013,198,661,4,12,7>Eastern Market (Wash DC) or Fanieul Hall (Boston) this market is NOT, but it does have a unique offering to the city of Buffalo and to the local population of Catholics who celebrate Easter. In recent years, the market has actually IMPROVED, especially for year-round opportunities. There are far more permanent vendors here than there have been in a long time. But I can't believe the market only has one review! It's such a unique conglomeration of lots of things... Chocolates, pastry (especially Polish pastry), meats of all kinds (I even saw pigs ears today!), produce of all kinds, a spice and tea booth, homemade soaps, honey, jam, pickles, WINE... This list goes on! They even offer hot food to eat there including sausages, soul food, ice cream, gelato...Sure, it smells like chicken fat when you walk in (Save-A-Lot entrance), and several of the patrons are... let's say... CHARACTERS. But it's definitely worth a visit, especially around Easter. The weekends leading up to Easter are a zoo here but I went today, in the afternoon, on a Tuesday, and it was easily navigable, a small buzz filling the hall. I'm not a lover of crowds, so this was a great time to visit. We like to park in the Save-A-Lot lot and walk across the street.We got Boar's Head cold cuts, pastry, chocolates, loose tea, seasoning blends, and I even got to hold in my own 2 hands, a Justin Bieber stacking doll- rush order from Poland for Easter! There's something here for nearly everyone. Don't miss it!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,5/23/2013,78,507,5,9,5>After (hopefully) my final evening of house-hunting, my Realtor brought me here for some grub.It's a simple place in the heart of Little Italy.The food is solid, the prices reasonable, and the portions are serious!I ordered a calazone which I had to doggy-bag and wound up eating over the course of three meals! It was delish, except for the mushrooms that I had added. I'm pretty sure they were canned. But everything else in and on the folded pie definitely was fresh!  I'm salivating just thinking about it. Next time I will order it plain and enjoy the simplicity of it. My Realtor ordered a pasta dish off of the daily specials board. The plate was huge and would likely be enough for me for another three meals! It also came with a house salad.I'm already a fan after one visit and can't wait to go back!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/22/2013,11,39,4,7,6>Time was, you would never think about food being served at the Essex. It was a dive bar, a place to drown your sorrows while sitting between an aged punk, and an old man who smelled of urine and despair. The jukebox was the best in town, and everyone knew your name when you walked in. Today, everything is different.Oh, the jukebox is still great. The staff still seems to know the name of all their customers. Mackie, the new owner, greets you as a long lost brother when you walk through the door. Instead of despair, you smell pork...wonderful, smoked, delicious pork.The Essex now serves food, and by god, what food they sell! Mackie keeps a smoker running, serving some of the best meats in the city. The smoked pastrami sandwiches are incredible. The ribs like an orgasm served on a plate. The beer selection rocks, and it would be hard to picture a more friendly place to eat.I've never seen a bar change so much of itself, while still retaining it's character and spirit. Every change, every coat of paint, every repair, I viewed with a level of skepticism, and fear. This was unfounded. This classic place of Buffalo lore remains a place everyone should go. It keeps it's history, while transforming itself into a place of good cheer, good food and good people. Bravo, Essex!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/21/2013,90,142,4,3,3>First impressions:Modern, stylish, and sleek coffee shop seems out of place in this are of Hertel, but then again, Hertel is pretty cool once you get over yourself.  Things are really clean, friendly, and chatty - plus homey.OMG Mexican Hot Chocolate with cayenne pepper.  They way it's meant to be.  This is awesome.This place does have the 'just opened' vibe to it.  It's great for coffee and drinks, but minimal on the foods.  But, they look great.  Chicken Apricot soup sounds interesting - not enough for me, the everlasting vegetarian, to try it, but enough to convince someone else to.Anyway, I'm expecting great things.  Great workspace, great chatting space, great coffee, and who doesn't love another local coffee shop?
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,5/20/2013,32,110,,5,2>Hector's Hardware is a neighborhood jewel. In some ways, it's like going back in time, entering the store, it smells just like my childhood hardware store where dad and I went every Saturday morning. There is usually a friendly banter going on, between employees and /or employees and customers.There is always someone there to help you if you need it, whether you're a do-it-yourselfer or not. I've gone in with a plumbing part, saying I need one of these and the helpers know just where to go, without missing a beat. You need ant killer, gloves, a bag of garden soil, nuts, bolts, a grill, a snowblower? They have it!We get our Toro lawnmower tuned up at Hector's and it always looks and works terrific. They've repaired our screens and sold us a great sump pump, and recommended tips and hints for whatever household fix-it conundrum ails us. They have surprisingly competitive prices, too. Friendly, helpful customer service is absolutely remarkable at this Hector's, hope they are always a part of the neighborhood. We just love our Hector's Hardware.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,5/19/2013,69,102,1,5,4>I've been to Sun Restaurant twice so far and both times I couldn't be happier! The last time I went was during restaurant week and even though we were supposed to wait for about 30 minutes on a Sunday evening we waited maybe 10-15. Seated promptly by our waitress, ordered drinks and appetizers which didn't take too long considering the amount of people in the restaurant. The first time I went we ordered the fish sticks with pumpkin curry as an appetizer which were phenomenal! No frozen fish-sticks here, I didn't know fish sticks could be so good! This time, I ordered the avocado roll; whoa. That was exactly what I wanted. Vegetarian sushi? Need I say more? Since I got the Restaurant Week special, everything I had included black rice which is exactly what  I was in the mood for. If I weren't in the mood for black rice, one might say that it was a bit much (3 dishes total--appetizer, entree and dessert). I tried the Thai Iced coffee which was pretty much the same as every thai iced coffee I've had--sweet and strong. My entree was the black rice salad and I sure am glad I finally got to try it! Consisting of sticky black rice, avocado, cilantro, peppers, mangos and cashews. There was so much flavor in just that one dish, a vegetarian girl couldn't be happier! For my dessert, I received the coconut black rice with mango and it was equally good, but I was so full that I had to share. The portions are pretty good sized, both times I went I had to take my food home. I would expect to spend at least $20, unless you aren't too hungry then just get an appetizer to try it out and come back. At this point, I would probably recommend everything on the menu! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/18/2013,62,99,3,5,3>How is it possible I had never actually made it into Charlie the Butcher??  I've known about it's existence since I could drive at 16 years old...and over the years I have heard people spout about it's deliciosity. (yes, I just made that word up.) But I hadn't actually made a point to stop in until the hubs and I were driving down Wehrle the other night and decided we needed something quick and cheap to eat for dinner.  I can't handle traditional fast food, so this was a great option.  It was so good we went back the next night.  haha  Aside from the beef we also tried mac n cheese one night, as well as sweet potatoe fries the next night.  Both great.  I can foresee this becoming a regular spot for us.  Sorry, Charlie, for not giving you the chance you deserved earlier.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/17/2013,53,107,1,4,2>On their menu it says, "Our mission is to provide fast, fresh food in a fun environment with amazing customer service."  .... Mission accomplished, Kung Food!- small dining area with limited seating- very down to earth, friendly, helpful, accommodating staffTheir customer service is amazingggg! They helped make my decision a little easier by providing me with samples. I love the simplicity of their menu with steps to create your own meal. You can definitely feel free to ask about everything on their menu! They are patient and willing to answer! Food: ($6.99)Step 1 - Base: NoodlesStep 2 - Main: KF FishStep 3 - Sauce: Kung Food + Night MarketStep 4 - 2 Sides: Cucumber salad & Glass noodlesBeverage: (Bubble tea is $1.99 with a meal, instead of $3.49)Hot organic green tea with mango flavor, no tapioca for me (not a fan of tapioca)The staff recommended that noodles are best with a saucy dish, such as chicken teriyaki and grilled pork. However, I couldn't resist my obsession for noodles and appeal for fish, so I decided against the recommendation. Unfortunately, the staff was right. The noodles were bland with the KF fish because the fish was fried. This is probably why there are 'chef's recommendations.' Besides the noodles, everything else was quite delicious! They use tilapia for their KF fish, and it was cooked perfectly. Even though it was fried, it was not burnt or greasy. My favorite side was the cucumber salad. It had a nice spicy kick to it that I absolutely loved. The glass noodles were also pretty tasty. I enjoyed my hot green tea with mango flavor! I definitely want to return and try other things on the menu!Oh yeah..they also gave me a free cup! :)
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,5/16/2013,96,404,3,9,8>OH.  MY.  GOODNESS!!!  Why have I not tried this place before? It is so very, very "me"!  No wonder I felt so at home there.  I loved everything about it!  The setting, the food (of course!), the owners, even the books by my booth that I happily perused while I enjoyed my breakfast.  And what a yummy breakfast it was!What a great concept.... A Toast Bar.  All different kinds of in-house baked bread to choose from (multigrain, whole wheat, cinnamon raisin, apple cider....) and all different toppings to mix and match (butter, peanut butter, cheeses, honey, fruits.....). You can make your own creation or order one that's on the menu board.  Two of us shared peanut butter and apples on raisin toast..... and.... the MOST AMAZING whole wheat cinnamon roll. The toast was lightly buttered, perfectly.... ummmmm.... toasted and accompanied with a little bowl of fresh (I assume) peanut butter and a sliced apple so we can make our creation right at the table.  Fun!  And, delicious.  The cinnamon roll was absolutely PERFECT!  Soft and sweet (but not too sweet).  Who wants visions of sugar plums dancing in their heads?  I want those babies!!And, after all of those accolades I must tell you that as much as I loved my food (I did!) my favorite part of my morning meal was my beverage.  I almost ordered coffee, but then I spied something interesting on the menu: "Brown Sugar Tea".  I asked about it and was told that it's made of organic evaporated cane juice and organic molasses. UNBELIEVABLE!  It was the best thing I've ever drank (drunk?) in my whole life.  Warm, kind of sweet, kind of "earthy".  I added a touch of milk and it reminded me a little of chai, but approximately one million times better. Oh happy, HAPPY morning!!!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,5/15/2013,131,134,2,2,1>I'm a big fan of Amy's Place. When I have vegetarian friends in town, Amy's Place is my first choice. Scratch that, when I have friends in town period, Amy's Place is always on my radar. When other yelpers say that their lentil-berry wrap is big, they are not kidding. It is quite simply two meals. But not only is it big, it's tasty as well. But pretty much everything on their menu is pretty tasty. Amy's has an interesting diner feel to it, and the wait staff is generally pretty okay. Although I have been there at times when the staff has been pretty slow or unpleasant. In my mind though, the food makes up for it.My only qualm about Amy's Place is that I wish I didn't always have to bring cash around, because who really carries around cash anymore (though they do have an ATM on site)?
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,5/14/2013,32,67,,6,2>Located in the basement of Hotel Lafayette, Butterwood is a real treat! The atmosphere is delightful and the food is delicious.Upon my recent visit, I tried the eggplant manicotti special. It was manicotti made with an eggplant wrap instead of pasta, and topped with a spicy (you'll-need-a-constant-supply-of-water) sauce. It was actually listed as an appetizer, but I found the helping to be large enough for an entree.My table also enjoyed a serving of roast beef chicken wings. Take my word on it: try the wings! They are superb. Who would have thought that chicken wings could actually have the flavor of roast beef?! Yum!Since it was Wednesday, our party also enjoyed the nightly special of 1/2 off bottles of wine. (Note: your entire table must order an entree/dinner in order to get the 1/2 off price.)For dessert, I tried the carrot cake cupcake. It was served moist with a generous helping of frosting. The cream cheese frosting was delicious, as was the additional small drop of buttercream (in the shape of a flower). The buttercream was not too sweet -- it was just right. I give that cupcake 5 stars on it's own! I did take a star away from my overall review as my water was only replenished once and I had a hard time tracking our waiter down for more. Otherwise, the experience was great and I recommend trying out Butterwood the next time you're in the area!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/13/2013,41,57,2,1,4>STOP!  Just stop right now.  I've found the ULTIMATE Burger Place.  I'm not joking.  If you typed in Burgers and are looking at other reviews.  JUST STOP.  Come to Grovers.  Quit Complaining... "It's all the way out in East Amherst" - oh you and your first world problems.  Get in your car and get your butt to Grovers...Their burgers, are delicious, moist, juicy, flavor-full, seasoned and cooked PERFECTLY.  I mean - I thought my Mom (sorry Mom) made perfect burgers.... And then, I went to Grovers.  Their fish fry is also quite good too.  Since moving here from Boston - I've had to change my tastes.  I am not a huge fan of beer battered fish.  But that's what you get in a fish fry in Buffalo NY....  Theirs has been the best so far.I also like the quirkyness of the Bar.  You walk in, go to the corner of the bar and write your name in chalk on the board.  If I were you - get a drink while you wait from the very prompt bar tender. Then just kinda chill out while you wait for your name to be called. I recommend going their with an appetite.  Get a cup of the cheeseburger soup.  It's literally a cheeseburger in a cup.  Perfect...  If I were a genius, I'd serve it in a bread bowl...  Just saying....  If you don't like cheeseburger soup - a pizza log is also a valid option.  I've never had pizza logs until I moved here.  They are worth moving to Buffalo for....  Pizza in an egg roll wrapper...  I mean seriously - genius.  Grovers are top notch as well...I like all of their burgers....  But my perfect burgers has grilled onions mushrooms and swiss cheese on it.... I have never eaten an entire burger.  I think it's impossible for me to do.  I don't really know what else I can say about Grovers... It's a small quirky bar with a killer menu and a fun staff...
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,5/12/2013,21,107,1,4,2>Room is freezing. But the food is spicy hot. It's not friendly, but it's delicious. You might have to wait, but it's worth it. It's a small, charmless, neon lit room. No beer. No good tea. BUT there are handmade noodles with spicy brown sauce; handmade dumplings with pork and leek; insane spicy fish soup - fragrant with fresh cilantro, filled with tender fish. That's all on the English menu. Bring someone who can read Chinese (I don't know which dialect to recommend) and I bet it's mind numbingly great.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,5/11/2013,82,141,,6,1>Just good ol' Jamaican food.I tried the oxtail/jerked chicken combo for $12.95. It comes with oxtail, jerked chicken, rice, slaw and a plantain.  The food was succulent and the customer service was great.The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is the portions of the meat. I've only taken out from here and the portions of meat was very small however they do give a generous portion of rice. I would have preferred less rice and more meat.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,5/10/2013,87,124,4,5,3>Joe's is the BOMB. End of story.  If you need a sandwich this should be number 1 on your list.  The people that work there are friendly and awesome and the menu is just as great.  They make such great sandwiches and are so reasonably priced it's hard to find anything to top it!  You can get any sandwich you crave and if you aren't feeling creative that day you can choose from the huge blackboard filled of them... and let's not forget the daily specials! Check out the website before you stop in for a preview as they update the specials daily!  Love this place and I'm happy I live so close to it!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/9/2013,20,81,3,8,3>Lucky for me I've been low carbing it for the last few weeks, which coincidentally was when I first went to Spars.  I've seriously gone here once a week for the last 3 weeks and I love it.  It's almost an obsession.  When you first walk in you are hit with the smell of delicious meats and smoke, and with all due respect to General Mills, Spars is the best smelling place in Buffalo.  You are greeted by a friendly group of regular dudes, that's really the only way to describe them.  They aren't the typical creepy deli guy, or hipster tools, that in their mind are somehow being ironic working at a sausage shop.  Instead they are knowledgeable and friendly people who will take the time to answer a question. I was even treated to a sample of their smoked polish sausage, and it was fantastic cold.I came here for the veal, I wanted the stuff I only get at Oktoberfest.  I'm talking Weisswurst and Bockwurst.  It's white in color, and has a semi sweet taste.  I cooked it every way possible, pan fried, Foreman, boiled, with onions, with mustard, plain, you name it, it was always delicious.  I wish I could give you a sausage by sausage run down, but I have eaten so much I can't remember the names of all of them.  I know in my fridge there's some fresh Baverian, Polish, smoked Polish, and bangers.I'm not one of these annoying bacon people who are trying to baconize everything, but you should do yourself a favor and check out their peppered bacon.  It may be some of the best bacon I've had in my life.  I cooked about 4 strips to save for meal I was making, but I ended up eating them all right away.Be warned when you walk in you will instantly be hungry, I got a little smoked chorizo and ate the whole thing on the way home.  Also their hours are kind of weird, I wish they were open until 7pm so people like me could go right after work, but I still manage.This place lives up and excedes the hype.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/8/2013,119,125,2,6,3>I had the Biff sandwich/wrap for the first time today. It was the best thing I've eaten this year, hands down. The BBQ seitan had a silky texture, and I loved the fresh onions, tomatoes and the kickin' vegan garlic spread. Not too much, not too little, just right. I also had a bowl of lentil soup. No other lentil can compare. The sun was shining, people were walking on Washington St. and construction sounds were in the air.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,5/7/2013,33,157,1,5,3>I came here one day when they were parked near my office, and it was an easy walk. There was a pretty long line there, I glanced over the menu and, while I wanted just a plain hot dog, I ordered the Violet Beauregarde. It had a blueberry BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, and fried onion strings on it. I thought it was a very strange combination but it was surprisingly delicious! They had a ton of gourmet combinations on their menu ranging from around $6 to $8 a dog.My co-worker and I also split the sweet potato fries. They, too, were delicious. Very garlicy though, They had chunks of garlic on them which I thought was odd. But it still tasted very good!Hot dogs are easily one of my favorite foods. I would definitely come back!!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,5/6/2013,138,57,,3,2>This is a great place for a celebratory dinner or special event! I've been hearing about this restaurant for a while and I've been eager to try it out. Because I had been wanting to come here for some time, my boyfriend decided that my 30th birthday would be a great opportunity to do so.They don't take reservations so it's definitely a good idea to take that into account before planning to come here. We went on a Monday for dinner. I wasn't expecting to see many people there but upon arrival the parking lot was nearly full and the restaurant was getting there as well. Luckily we didn't have to wait for a table. The ambiance is very nice. It lends itself to a nice romantic dinner or an outing with a group of friends.The food was so good that I had not left one bite to spare. We ordered the sea scallops and mussels appetizers and they were a delight!. They were appropriately sized and satisfying portions for appetizers. The best part was my entree. I ordered the hot pepper fettuccini. The pasta itself had pepper in in and it had a nice amount of red pepper flakes so that there was a nice kick but not overwhelming. The dish also came with pieces of filet mignon that were cooked and seasoned excellently along with red peppers and marsala that really wrap up the flavors of the dish nicely. And to top it off...the tiramisu..AWESOME! I'm a big fan of tiramisu and this was the best I've had in a while. The service also made the entire experience here great. Our server was very nice and attentive and knew the menu really well. When I asked for some suggestion and opinions on the menu, she gave very knowledgable and honest answers. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. I've got to find a reason to get back here soon. Or maybe just good food is reason enough.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/5/2013,10,107,,9,3>I can thank all the construction that led me to take a detour past this place the other day. My curiosity led me to look them up and we tried them out for the first time on Friday. I can safely say that we will be back! We opted for an early dinner and I'm glad we did because their dining area is definitely small. When we got there all the booths were taken, leaving only pub style seating but some guys offered to move for us which was very nice considering most of our party was vertically challenged. Both waitresses that we dealt with we're extremely friendly and informative and considering how busy the place got while we were there, didn't try to rush us. Some places almost feel like they want to boot you out as soon as you sit down but this was not the case here! We started with a side order of the buffalo chicken Mac and Cheese and onion petals to share. The onion petals were good, but there was no way of competing with the Mac and Cheese!! Talk about comfort food! This was Buffalo + comfort and spot on! Mooney's delivers and I have to say I'm glad I live too far away because otherwise I'd eat this every day! I ordered the Military rd turkey melt, which was great. The sourdough was beautifully crisped and the roast turkey wasn't dried out which is always a fear of mine with roast turkey. Other members of my party got the fish fry, A1 burger and the BLT grilled cheese with soup. I tried the other sandwiches and both were fantastic. This is definitely a place where you can find something for everyone. We already plan to return and have added Mooney's to our list of places for a Friday  night when we aren't trying somewhere new. :)
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,5/4/2013,40,32,3,4,3>Ever since a friend of mine introduced me to Bubble tea a few years back, I have become a bubble tea junkie. So when I moved to Buffalo, one of the first things I did was I searched for any place with this nectar of the gods (if you're not a fan, then you are missing out!) Not only did I find this place, but so far one of the best places to get Bubble Tea out side of Flushing, Queens NY!SO MANY VARIETIES of not just Bubble tea, but of tea in general. They even have your run of the mill southern sweet tea!This place is always busy, mostly students from the campus near by, but there is a generous amount of seating. And the decor is pretty laid back with a touch of Asian fusion mixed in.Its a decent place to go grab a drink and a snack with friends, or just a refreshing beverage while you finish up some work. It can get very busy and very loud during the weekends and evenings, but for me that's just a sign that this place is doing something right!Also, it is conveniently located next to a movie theater, for pre- or post-movie going hang outs.So if you need a break from your usual skinny latte or overly pretentious coffee house, I recommend checking this place out!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/3/2013,40,84,,4,2>This was the best food I have had in Buffalo. Hands down. Period. That being said, and oddly enough, I probably wouldn't go back. I had the wedge salad and a filet.....both very good. My wife had the Kobe tenderloin. No comparison to the quality of this cut of meat, simply incredible. Pricey menu, but worth every penny of it (French press coffee a nice touch). Now here's the reason I probably would not be back (but you may flock to it). Its a quiet, very upscale restaurant. Not as 'comfortable' as other similar places masked by the "white noise" of a dinner crowd. I didn't even order a drink in fear I may get thirsty and order two more and be too loud. I'm sure this was the intention of the owners and is more a reflection of my dining preferences rather that the quality of the restaurant and thats why they got the full 5 stars!...and last but not least....the service was impeccable. From the valet parking, hosting, waiter. Flawless.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/2/2013,113,171,2,6,7>Welcome to Buffalo's ONLY National Park that many of its residents don't even know about!  Having gone a few times in grade school, I made my way back.  They had put an extensive addition a few years back in 2009 which this was much needed (technology) and allowed for an expanded gift shop and welcome/waiting area.  The tour was reasonable at $10 for adults, however they have a sweet family price of $25 for 2 adults and all kids under 18!      The site does a well job establishing a background of what was going on then (Pan-Americanpan Exposition in 1901) and the details behind the shooting of McKinley.  Walking the rooms they have done a cool job with sounds and even smells(!) to get you back to what was going on the Wilcox Mansion for TR's inauguration.  The actual tour didn't go over so much the life/legacy of McKinley/TR, just touching briefly on it.  In the upstairs, where the tour ends, is the interactive area where you get your money's worth!      Yes, there is the cool presidential desk, but for history buffs, the displays, and touch screen at the roll up desks is where's its at.  Plenty of info on the assassin, the exposition, the first aid McKinley received, among other things.  The gift shop has a lot of cool TR mustache items, presidential nic nacs and also Buffalo items.  Cool place to learn about Buffalo's unfortunate place in the history of the Executive Branch of the US government.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,5/1/2013,147,187,3,6,3>Epic probably has the best happy hour I have found in the Elmwood Village.  Their happy hour is DAILY from 5-8pm.  They offer  1/2 off appetizers, $5 martinis, 2 for $5 domestic and select import beer.  I believe they may also have a wine special.  Although their happy hour appetizer menu is a scaled down version of the normal appetizer menu, they still have some tasty choices.  My dining companion and I came on a weekday around 6PM.  The bar had no empty seats left.  However, Epic has high bar tables with chairs in the bar area.  We are able to score a spot at one of these, which worked out perfectly.  It was more secluded enough from the bar for some catch-up chit chat and family gossip between my cousin and me.We shared two of the appetizers....banana peppers and the chicken flat bread.   The banana peppers were served with 3, stuffed with Italian sausage, Parmesan, herbed ricotta and mozzarella with house made marinara on a bed of balsamic baby spinach.  I LOVE me some banana peppers, and these were tasty!  The chicken flat bread was actually quite a pleasant surprise.  I wasn't expecting much when we ordered this, but it was the only other option mutually agreed upon.  You could choose between two options with the flat bread:  marinara & mozzarella or garlic, olive oil, tomato, basil and mozzarella.  You could also select from either chicken or steak.  We settled on the chicken, with the garlic, olive oil, tomato and basil.  It was absolutely delicious!  It had the perfect combination of garlic and spice.  And it was a decent size too! The bartender was extremely friendly.  She even kept walking over to our "bar" table with drinks and brought our food over to us, as opposed to us going up to the bar.  She often checked on us....this was more like service you would receive from a waitress, rather than the ONLY bartender behind the bar.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,4/30/2013,165,165,2,3,2>This is comfort food at it's best, make no mistake. After passing by on an almost daily basis I ended up inside with a large group of 20 or so. It has been a very long time that I tasted something and immediately knew that I was in a happy place. I had the beef and kluski which was absolutely and without question, amazing. I also tried the cheese pierogi which was like velvet on the tongue. Accompanied with this meal was cucumber salad (w/sour cream..yum!),sauerkraut and two potato pancakes that I would put up against any German restaurant in town. My only disappointment was the fact that our end of the table didn't get much attention and we weren't even offered, or heard the dessert menu. I don't mind paying allot for good food but when I saw the bill I was shocked..$14? really... for all that, including two beverages? I've paid allot more for allot less other places. All in all Eddy provided a great home cooked meal. I'm not Polish but if I were, i would have thought my babcia was in the kitchen.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/28/2013,47,73,,4,2>Came here the weekend after the St. Patrick's Day weekend rush was over.  Guess I still needed the Irish holiday to last longer than a day or weekend.  Ordered up a Guinness (of course) to start off dinner.  It was poured absolutely perfectly!  The pour is key in making a Guinness taste even better than it already is...mission accomplished Shannon's Pub!For appetizer started off with spinach artichoke dip and the poutine fries.  The spinach artichoke dip was a thicker version than what I was expecting and was quite good.  The poutine fries were pretty good, but not as good as some of the other reviews I read on Yelp had described. For dinner I decided on the Bangers and Mash, since I never tried it before and tend to order my personal favorite Shepherds pie dish every time I go to a tradition Irish restaurant.  The Irish sausage was cooked perfectly, and filled with flavor (a hint of breakfast sausage taste) and juiciness in each bite.  A side of sautéed onions was included and went well with the sausage and mashed potatoes.  I think I have a new favorite Irish dish to choose from after eating here.  Definitely will go back again.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/27/2013,20,67,3,6,2>There were four in our party and we all LOVED IT!!!  From the service to the ambiance and then the meal, everthing was outstanding!  I had ordered a special - the pan seared chilean sea bass.  It was probably 2 inches thick and completely white inside with a delicious crust on the outside.  It was served with new potatoes and veges and everything was cooked to perfection.  The other diners loved their meals; however I was so intent on mine I don't remember what they ordered but they did all rave about their entrees.  Drinks at the bar were a bit pricey but generous in pour so I guess thats a wash.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a fine dining experience!  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,4/26/2013,53,94,9,8,4>Picture a scene from an old spaghetti western Ala Clint Eastwood - let's say "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly" in which the dusty cowboy enters the saloon and the doors slam behind him.  All goes silent but for the jingle of spurs on the worn wooden floor as he strides up to the bar, dusts off his chaps with his hat and orders "Tequila, por favor".Cantina Loco - two hundred years later - is that kind of place.  A local watering hole where all the locals come to dust off their hats, fill their bellies and kick off their spurs  for a while.    This is my fourth visit to Cantina Loco (not loca, crazy isn't it?) and I wanted to finally put down something on paper...The Good - 1) Atmosphere - I can (literally) see on old wooden Mexican saloon in here.  At the same time the contemporary world has equal claim to the decor that is only superseded by the energy of the great patrons who are an eclectic mix of age, ethnicity and career paths.  In short, they love Cantina Loco - and they are part of that crazy success.2) Food - Throughout my visits I've sampled some things once and some things many times.  So there are naturally a few that have become my "no matter what else I order I'm also ordering one of these" favorites.  You'll all develop your favs but for me - here's what I think.     The Koreatown Taco followed very closely by the California Fish Taco are fan-fargin-tastic! They are my "gotta have" even if I take one home when I leave.  Next on my list is the Tortilla Soup.  I've had this a few times and would say that 1 time of 3 it was - meh! (so-so - a little too salty that day).  The other 2 times it was spot on perfect.  Next, an entree - The Chimichurri Skirt Steak.  Okay, so it's a bottom cut of meat that is tenderized, cooked chemically (lime) and then braised and you might expect that it would turn out like a plank of meat.  Well toss that plank idea away because the boys in the back of the house do it up right.  If you can take a bottom cut of beef and make it succulent, flavorful and watch it cut like butter - you've got talent.  My fav appetizer? The Chicken, Cheese and Avocado Quesadilla.  Crispy, melted goodness Mexi-Cali style.The Bad - 1) The slamming bar door - well it's real.  The problem is when you have a table near it, especially near the Allen Street window - it can drive you crazy.  Enter, slam, enter, slam, enter slam.  Weekend nights are a real problem for about 4 of the tables.  Couple that with sometimes freezing winter temperatures and there's a nice cold blast that will chill your food like permafrost.  Solutions?  a) Install an additional outer door to cut off the wind blasts and b) install a rubber stop on the interior door so it doesn't slam so much - or better yet - just get a better door.2) There's a server there - (yes, only one that I found) who is less involved with her customers and more involved with personal life.  While she's off chatting, many of the predominantly caring and VERY attentive and hard working other servers (By the way - Thank you) are taking care of her customers as well as their own.  I've seen the host and hostess also do the same.  For the customers - it's luck of the draw on that one.The Ugly-Okay there's no Ugly - just more good, if not great!1)  Tequila -    Cantina Loco has a full bar but in addition - fitting well with the theme of the restaurant - is their very extensive Tequila offering.  They have 30+ varieties of Tequila most of which are offered in Blanco, Reposado or Anejo bottling.  Blanco is young, unaged and has a rough BITE to it that will get your attention.  Reposado is rested for less than a year and is milder by a hair.  And Anejo is aged for up to 3 years where it learns to mellow into very fine sipping Tequila. (That education continues with Extra Anejo which rests in its oak casks for at least 3 years.)   I've enjoyed the Puro Verde (Reposado) and the Cabo Wabo (Anejo).  If you want to sample some of their Tequilas, Cantina Loco offers (essentially) a flight of Tequila or a trio of each age so you can decide what you like.  It's a great way to sample and explore.2) Energy- It's in the kitchen, behind the bar, in the hostess and servers and in the community of guests that visit Cantina Loco each night.  I only know what I see, taste and feel and I feel the energy there and I love it.  And so do many, many others.  So if you're wandering over for dinner without a reservation - I do wish you the best of luck.  Plan ahead, get a great table away from the door, and finish off your meal with some very fine sipping Tequila.Or - if you still have your spurs on - step up to the bar and say "Tequila, por favor!"
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,4/25/2013,126,349,,3,1>Brewpub is a solid place if you're looking for some pub grub, fried food, a beer, and free peanuts and popcorn. NOT the best place if you're looking for a healthy balanced meal! But after work drinks in an easy to find location, generally central to lots of main office drags? You got it. For the beer drinkers out there, they have a great program where you earn "stamps" (or it may be signatures now) towards having a custom glass made for you (with a name or nickname of your choosing!), which is kept on the premises for each of your visits. This is a great way to reward regulars and really makes you feel special. I was happy to hear at our last visit that our pregnant friend could pull up her previously earned glass and fill it with rootbeer to prevent it from being retired - which happens if the glass goes dormant and unused for too long. A great stop for happy hour or late night drinks - real darts, all you can handle free salty snacks, and an extensive draft/bottle list to make every beer palate happy. I've been a few times for lunch and the service is nice and speedy to keep you under that 1 hour limit. The food on the menu, while not the healthiest of selections, is delicious and I've never had a complaint. You'll especially like anything with "Buffalo" in the name.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/24/2013,14,185,1,3,2>I was going to do 4-stars because the red snapper fillet seemed small, but then I was like.. "oh hell, they cooked it for me".  =-)  I ordered the **RED SNAPPER**. The first time I've tried red snapper, reminded me of turkey. I also ordered soft shell crab, which I made into a sandwich on my own at home. It was super super delicious. It is convenient to order online, and when I arrived to pick up, the girl at the counter was super sweet and smiley. The boy who gave me the food could smile some though, hard day I suppose. The bulletproof bank-type glass by the registers is a little scary. It is in don't-walk-around-at-night area.  They offer a wide variety of fish, that are not only fried, but can be baked, or take it to go so you can cook the food. The items (such as the fried Okra, yum!!) are breaded on site from my understanding. I will definitely be back to try more things.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/23/2013,72,331,1,10,3>Gotta get these guys stars up as other reviews on here seem to be for their website and have to deal with ordering or customer service, but the KegWorks retail store recently opened in Buffalo area is AWESOME!!!!I stopped in yesterday as I had a gift certificate. I originally got it for their website as I read their blog, (you should too, lots of cool beer and drink related info) and wanted to order some home brew equipment but never did as I didn't want to pay shipping and didn't have time to pick it up at their warehouse, as they closed at 5pm, and that was only option.Well when I read on their blog they were opening a retail store, I was excited for a chance to check it out and use the gift certificate. When I did yesterday I was impressed. They have all sorts of liquor / drink related merchandise. Along with the home brew stuff, you can find home draft beer equipment. Any kind of merchandise for setting up your own bar at home, bar stools, signs and lights with beer logos, glassware, mixers and bitters, (tons of bitters craziest selection I have ever seen), stuff to make growlers more portable.Store itself is setup really nice to check all this stuff out. I mean I half expected something to be just thrown together to get stuff out of the warehouse. Not at all, the displays are organized and setup great. It's a decent size too and I had no problem finding what I wanted or just looking at the other stuff. Check out their website to get a feel for what they have and if you're in the area, go to the store to look the stuff over. You won't be dissapointed.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,4/22/2013,27,140,1,6,2>Buffalo is known for it's excellent Italian food, but Trattoria Aroma takes that experience to whole new level. Instead of your traditional pastas with red sauce, they offer an incredible menu that makes me feel like I'm participating in an episode of Top Chef. For example, Chianti Braised Beef Short Ribs with Butternut squash-cipollini onion risotto. Holy smokes! That sounds good!They also offer a wide range of martinis, which I strongly recommend. My partner ordered the Una Mas - Pomegranate liqueur, reposado tequila, St.Germain, cointreau, and cracked cardamom. To say the least, it was delicious.For the starter, we ordered the cheese and olive platter, which was deliciously good. I actually fell in love with the bread and olive oil, and I'm curious what olive oil they used, because I couldn't stop eating it.For my course, I ordered the Pappardelle Fegato, which is Organic chicken livers, house-smoked bacon, charred tomato, shaved zucchini, goat cheese, sherry cream. I absolutely loved the pappardelle pasta, and I especially loved the taste of the zucchini, but the chicken livers didn't taste very good to me. They tasted dirty and unpleasant, which I thought was strange because I love liverwurst. This is the only reason I am giving them 4 stars because everything else was delicious!Trattoria Aroma is a bit pricey (about $20 per dish), so it's kind of a once a year at least for me. It's the perfect place if you want to impress a date. Also, I'm surprised how busy they are. We went on a Tuesday, and almost every table was full. That's nice though. It's good to see restaurants in Buffalo succeeding.Overall, I strongly recommend eating there. It's probably one of the best dining experiences you can receive in Buffalo.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,4/21/2013,47,60,5,3,5>I've been hearing about Vizzi's for years. I commented to a friend that after thanksgiving and thanksgiving leftovers and more leftovers, that a good burger and a beer would be a nice antidote for all the poultry related carbs of late.I'm a fan of the simple things done well. You really can't go wrong with any of the Burger Bars in town. The wooly mammoth carefully placed in front of me this night was done well. I opted for a straightforward burger that was cooked to their medium standards (rare for something of more normal size) and it was coma-inducing, awe-inspiring and flat out, delicious. It was accompanied by a sizeable diarama of fresh cut, well cooked fries.No pretention, great staff, fantabulous honest food, priced right. Two of us ate with drinks for under $25.Can't beat that.I'm going back, but not for a bit yet,Burp
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/20/2013,136,280,5,13,7>Wow.  5 stars isn't even enough for this wonderful boutique hotel.  I can easily say that this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in.  It's an old building with a lot of charm that was saved from demolition years ago.  And thank goodness it was.  A true asset to Niagara Falls.Each room is tastefully decorated with contemporary/modern finishing and exposed piping/ductwork.  All the rooms are unique, with different colors, paintings and layouts.  The rooms have large windows for natural light but heavy curtains if you want to sleep in.The bed and pillows were the most comfortable I have ever experienced.On the headboard they leave the most delightful little chocolates (including truffles) on a silver tray.Keurig coffee machine on the desk, not your expected old hotel coffee machine.Delicious free breakfast with REAL eggs and food (not the powdered crap that you find at chain hotels).FREE valet.FREE car service within 5 miles.  We had them drive us to dinner and then pick us up from the casino.  On the 18th floor is an awesome observatory lounge with lots of leather couches, a computer (we put on Pandora so we had music), a private bathroom, a sink, and an AMAZING view of Niagara Falls and Canada.  We brought champagne up here and relaxed, having the space all to ourselves.All of these features sounds expensive, right ??? For the room I was in (no jacuzzi, no fireplace - I had the most basic room you could buy but it was still HUGE and great) I paid only $160 (with AAA rate).  That included taxes.  GREAT deal.  You could pay much more for a "chain" hotel.HIGHLY recommended.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,4/19/2013,26,122,,2,3>My first experience with a private liquor store in my new hood! I just moved into my Lancaster apartment from Toronto, a.k.a. the capital of Big Government Booze Land. The best thing about T&C is the big rack of local WNY wines right inside the front door. Take your pick. My favourite is the Sweet Walter Rose from Bully Hill. It's less than $10 for a 750ml bottle. If you want something less classy you can get an Arbor Mist cooler for about four bucks. Towards the back are all the harder liquors. Great location, easy to find, good prices.Hint: if you want beer instead of wine or spirits, go to the drugstore or the supermarket. There's a Tops next door.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,4/18/2013,13,63,3,7,2>even though my practice community is based at EMW's elmwood location, i decided to check out their newest addition inside the Village Glen in williamsville the other morning since i happened to be out in that neck of the woods for the day.  i have to say, i was so glad to make the venture out, because the new studio space is truly a joy to practice in -- bright, beautiful, and spacious...the location is a perfect addition for any suburban EMW practitioners who wish they could make the trek into the elmwood village more often, but find that they the just can't (especially around this time of year when travel is more of a nuisance).  tucked away on the second floor of the Village Glen (on the left as you head toward the tennis court spectator area), is a most beautiful new studio space.  the atmosphere is immediately serene, even upon entering the waiting area.  the decor is modern and tasteful, and the cubby spaces for storage of personal items is really a nice consideration.  inside the practice space is huge, and full of light.  the cork floors are an unbelievably nice touch, and they offer a give and comfort that made practicing really comfortable (they were so warm, too!)  the prop storage wall is top of the line, with plenty of brand new equipment for use, including new manduka pro mats, blocks, bolsters, all kinds of wedges and pillows, as well as additional storage for personal effects if you don't wish to leave them in the outer waiting area.  oh, and i really enjoyed the new sound system -- the sound within the room was perfect, warm, and non-distracting.another plus for this location:  plentiful parking that is safe and well illuminated, and there is on site childcare (which may, or may not, be available for a reduced fee for EMW students -- i would call for clarification).  i am sincerely hoping that the schedule for this location is expanded, because i would happily go out of my way to practice here at least once a week if the scheduling and offerings were right (maybe some ashtanga, please? *smiles*).  for now, it will remain an additional locale that i am happy to enjoy here and there when it suits my schedule.  if you're an EMW expat, a former yogi practitioner, or a newbie curious to see what all the fuss is about, i highly endorse EMW's gorgeous new studio.  i can guarantee you won't be disappointed if you do...
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,4/17/2013,82,198,4,14,9>Do you love second hand stuff? Kitschy junk? Diamonds in the rough? I-could-never-afford-this-at-an-antique-store furniture? Do you work in contracting, interior decorating or just like to update your home and build fun stuff for your property? Then this is THE first stop you should make. They literally have almost anything you can think of to repair or refurb a home - windows, doors, lumber, appliances, sinks, toilets, furniture, shelving, cupboards, hardware, hardwood flooring, handrails, decorative trim, shutters, lamps, bath tiles - and loads of incidentals like books, skeleton keys, mirrors and home phones. Sure, it sounds like I work her and I'm writing them an ad but I don't, and I'm not - I just get that excited about cheap used stuff. This place is thoroughly awesome; it is a site to behold in its massive grandeur even if you don't come with something in mind. I bought two comfy vintage diner chairs (yellow and chrome) to match my 1950's kitchen table, a funky 70's cupboard, and picked up a couple of needed knobs for the cupboards in my storage room for about $15. Plus I got to pet the giant, fat cat that is running around - win win for everyone. What makes this place extra cool is while many of the items are donated, a huge chunk of them come from Buffalo ReUse's "green" tear down projects, wherein they salvage virtually every part of a home slated for destruction to either be reused or recycled. Yes, in a perfect city we wouldn't need to tear down houses - wonderful, hardworking people would swoop in, buy them, fix everything and start living there - but in reality these houses would just be torn down by traditional means. If you stop to consider the thousands of pounds of waste that would wind up in landfills from a home demolition (and the many useful items wasted) this is an excellent business model that really needs to be expanded. You NEVER know what you will find her, and if you like them on Facebook they frequently post pictures of new arrivals. The last time I stopped in they literally had almost an entire kitchen (bottom and top cupboards, counter top, sink and dishwasher) all together for like $700. Holy. Freaking. Crap. Service was also friendly and helpful. There is technically no "lot" to park in but there is parking right up next to the right side (if you were facing the front) of the building and no one seemed to be hanging around or bothering anything (for the inevitable person who will question, as some of my coworkers did, if it was "safe" here). The ReUse "store" has actually moved to 296 E Ferry,Buffalo,NY 14208. I have submitted an address change to Yelp but I don't know how long it will take them to update it.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,4/16/2013,43,196,2,3,1>Does heaven come in form of a donut?  If so then Paula is the creator of heaven.  Ok, there is not such thing as a bad donut most of the time, but this takes the standards to a whole new level.  I am salivating as I think about them.  I can't. stop. thinking. about. them.  Gotta go, I need some donuts.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/15/2013,36,63,,4,3>Start to finish awesome and innovative. We arrived early to our reservations (which we had to change the time last min. For and they were very pleasant about it) and were warmly greeted by both hostess and bartender. Bartender (woman, didn't get name) was very knowledgable and guided me to the next best thing to my standby classic Chopin vodka, Double Cross. Not a bad substitute at all. She personally stuffed me some olives to dress my martini with too...like. They have some other stunning looking (and smelling!) drinks, like some in house brewed tea martini- didn't get it but it smelled delightful next to me. You can preview all menu items and specialty drinks with picture on the Torches iPads that float around... How great is that! Gimme gimmick and I bite, yahoo! On to dinner. Amuse bouche- don't mind if i do, thank you chef! I have no idea what it was we both enjoyed it thoroughly.Next up this warm twisted and rolled bread from heaven. If the bread weren't yummy enough on its own it was served with a parsley (olive oil?) dip concoction that put me into a whirlwind were I knew I wasn't going to finish my already ordered dinner. Amazing food + attentive waitress refilling drinks =  self control out the window. Ah well, on with appetizers.Ordered the Stuffed Pablano and my mouth waters as I write and reminisce...creamy hot sausage goodness (oh my, where is this going!). But seriously, get it. Other app was a fried frog leg special with gnocchi- very tasty but I don't remember all of the details as it was my husband to enjoy mostly and I was busy obsessing over the Pablano.  My evening was complete with the arrival of my perfectly cooked cedar plank salmon with its sweet crumbly delicious crust. The sides (pumpkin apple risotto and sweet potato fries) were packed with flavor and complimented the taste of the salmon. This place has gone above and beyond in food, service, and innovation. I am going back for more... A lot more. Tip- you can cal ahead and reserve the table with blazing fire down the center! Your friend across the table won't be stealing bites:) ...like I said about the gimmicks, sold!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/14/2013,58,72,4,6,3>If you've checked many of my other reviews, you'll notice I rarely give out 5 stars.  Bistro deserves 6.This place is simply the best you'll find in the city of Buffalo.Chef owned and operated, and quite inspired.  It's located in Buffalo's elmwood village and fits in quite well, actually gives the other restaurants a model to live up to.The beer list is probably the most adventurous downtown, and both that and the menu are constantly changing.  The food items are comforting but inspired.  In my experience always wonderfully executed, and sourced with great ingredients.  I could go on for paragraphs on the greatness of this place, but the bottom line is, you owe it to yourself to eat here.  Hands down my #1 recommendation for a place to eat in all of Western New York..
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,4/13/2013,66,56,5,3,2>Pano's is a morning person. Just not after-midnight morning.**************************************************­***********************************Morning time. I love coming here for breakfast! Probably one of my favorite breakfast places in the city which is why I still give it 4 stars after what you'll read below. Servers are usually great in the morning. Diner coffee. 2 bacon, 2 eggs, 2 pancakes special is good for regulars. My personal favorite is the Lamb Souvlaki Breakfast. Amazing! But what the heck, they raised the price from 13.99 to 17.99! I know...lamb with eggs is kind of cruel. Back to pancakes...Lunch time and dinner time. Both really busy so be prepared to take a pager. Order a popular dish as I haven't had the best experiences going off the beaten path. I always get souvlaki or ask the server what's popular. I feel like I have 50% chance with the servers during lunch and dinner. Sometimes nice. Sometimes pretty blasé.Late at night. Eat here at your own risk. I came here at midnight with a friend craving steak and eggs. We waited 40 minutes! During the said time, our waitress tried numerous stall tactics to placate us. I asked for the manager and told him we waited 40 minutes for steak and eggs. He tried to offer us free dessert. Free dessert at 12:40am after steak and eggs? My brow was naturally furrowed. I should have asked him what he usually has for dessert after steak and eggs at 12:40am. I told him we weren't feeling dessert and by 1am we were paying our check at half-fare. Yes, this was just one experience but one where our waitress failed completely and the manager almost failed.I still go here. Just for breakfast though.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/12/2013,90,142,12,6,4>So there's about 30 reviews of this place, most of which rave about the wonderful food.  Truthfully, I think its probably the best Middle Eastern Cuisine in town, a town sadly bereft of such fare. However, as hard as I try, I don't think I'll be able to add anything new.  So instead I've decided to interview my dining companion, the 8 year old "little prince":So Wee Man what did you think about the Shish Kabob Express?  Awesome!!OK..so do you want to go into a bit more detail for me?  Sure...Ummm It was the best Shish Kabob I've ever tasted.Did you even order a Shish Kabob?  No.Definitely a well qualified opinion then.  Where was this place located?  It was an Italian Neighborhood...but it's weird because they served...what kind of food was it?Iraqi, have you ever had Iraqi Cuisine before?  No.But you've eaten Persian Cuisine before, you want to compare the two?  No.Thanks, very helpful.  What did you order?  I ordered a Falafel Sandwich with pickles, lettuce, onion, falafel, uhhh...I think that was it, wait there was one more ingredient, I forgot the last one.Tahini and Garlic Sauce.  Did you order it in a Pita or the Samoon?  Pita.Why didn't you try it in the Samoon?  Because I like Pita duh!!But didn't my Samoon look really good?  [silence]Falafel or Shwarma?  What's better?  Falafel because Falafel is awesome.Captain America versus Baba Ganoosh who wins?  What's baba ganoosh?...I said what's baba ganoosh?Would you go back?  Yes, definitely yes.  It's the best food I've ever had, the only complaint is that it is very cold so you should wear your jacket.  Oh yeah, they had free tea.Any other recommendations or tips for the general public?    You should try this place.How many stars would you rate this place 1-5?  5...no 4....wait 5. [Wee man has a hard time making up his mind]  How many stars do you give this place Joe?I'm the one asking the questions here.  Were you bribed at all to give this interview?  Yes, with toys.You're supposed to say no!!  If you went back what would you order?  Falafel because that's the thing I've had and I only read the Falafel.  I just saw Falafel so I had the Falafel.  Is this thing finished yet?  What is Falafel anyway?  I don't know, but it's good and I like to say it...NO!!! I didn't say that!!  STOP typing things I"m not saying!!  Can I go now?  Why are you still typing??  Are you writing all this down?? STOP IT JOE!![Little man storms off]There you have it folks, the little prince's review of the Shish Kabab Express.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,4/11/2013,10,34,,9,6>When this place opened up (a couple weeks ago?), my first thought was, "Oh, no. Not another pizza place." Just Pizza is already open a few doors down and across the street, and I didn't think there would be much of a difference between the two.I'm happy to report that I was totally wrong. The pizza here is amazing -- among the best I've had.I ordered a vegetarian red pizza, which came with tomatoes, onions, mushrooms and bell peppers. The crust was amazingly thin and crispy, and the taste was great. There wasn't too much sauce or salt. Everything was just right. It was great the next day, too -- I ate the leftovers cold and found that they didn't get soggy during overnight.Some additional good news for Buffalonians who are into quantity: The takeout box I got was so big it wouldn't fit in the fridge. I ordered a large (less than $20) not realizing that it was 18 inches.I'll definitely be back!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/10/2013,22,55,3,7,3>This is my absolute favorite store for ALL things baby/kid related! I can't say enough good things about the place! The store is clean and organized. The selection is always great (I never leave here empty handed.) The prices are fantastic! I hesitate to buy any kid clothes anywhere else because I know the prices at this store just can't be beat. By far, they are my favorite consignment store. I'm sure the owners think I'm nuts, because I'm literally at this store almost once a week (sometimes more)! They are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. I almost always end up having long conversations with them at the register. If they served coffee and had a seating area, I'd probably never leave! Lol! This place is an addiction. I recommend it to anyone with children, expectant mothers, and even people looking to buy shower gifts/baby gifts in general.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,4/9/2013,79,74,,3,4>Heard about this place from someone I worked with, so I came one night with a friend. It's a small space with a classy bar but a very low key vibe. Great date spot, but also just a nice, classy place to hang out if you're looking for something a little quieter than the bars.Everyone I know who's been here raved about the cocktails, and they did not disappoint. My friend and I each ordered two off of their cocktail menu as the night went on. I can't remember what they were now, but I think one of mine was a hot apple cider... In any case, they were delicious, and I'd be willing to try any drink they have to offer.For our appetizer, we ordered garlic knots, which are a guilty pleasure of mine, and it came with fig jam and roasted garlic ricotta. The knots themselves were nothing spectacular, but tasty; it was the fig jam that really stole the show. Out of this world. Highly, highly recommend the fig jam.Following that train of thought, I very fortuitously ordered the Fig Jam Prosciutto pizza, minus the prosciutto and plus whatever the chef felt would be a good replacement. What he made up for me was delicious. He basically replaced the prosciutto with arugula and added more of the other ingredients. The flavors all worked out perfectly; something had to offset the sweetness of the fig and pear, and the bitter arugula did just that. My friend got the Lobster and Shrimp Carbonara, which she really enjoyed. Good meal, great time.It always means a lot to me when the chef is willing to change things up a bit to accommodate a diner's dietary restrictions. It shows an open-mindedness and creativity, so thank you! That alone is enough to bring me back. The cocktails are just an added bonus! Now it'd be really cool if there were some permanent veggie fixtures on the menu... eh??
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2013,4/8/2013,79,93,3,4,2>Sometimes you just end up with gold jewelry from your past relationships or relics from your previous career as a pirate.  I won't tell where I got mine from. I went to three places (the other 2 were fine jewelry stores) for quotes and JM had the best offer.  The process was pretty straight forward.  The owner weighs each type of gold separately (10k, 14k, 18k) and then does some furious calculations behind his desk.  I can't say for certain what goes into the calculations since I am too short to see over the tall table but he did look up the current price of gold on his computer. In the end I didn't end up selling the gold.  One of the designers at the other store helped me design some modifications to make repurposed jewelry instead of selling it for scrap. But that's not all.  The Pawn shop is definitely the better of the two elements in the same store. I was pleasantly surprised at the funky attitude the store housed. The store also houses a collection of vintage art and furniture.  It's like the best parts of an estate sale were put together in a small shop.  There was a variety of fine furniture and "modern" vintage art and industrial lamps/lighting fixtures.  Definitely worth a look.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,4/7/2013,19,28,1,5,5>This is a great addition to Black Rock! The drink:We started out ordering a Ringside Lager from the bar, a brew I had never heard of before and brewed in Saratoga. It was delicious! During dinner, my friend ordered a Battle of Black Rock cocktail- with cinnamon whiskey, apple juice, and ginger ale- it came with an apple slice on the rim of the glass. I'm pretty sure he mentioned it was a solid drink!One negative in terms of the bar- although certainly not a deal breaker- no beers on tap! The bartender (who by the way are well dressed in white shirts with orange ties) were very happy to answer our questions about that. He was apologetic, and you could tell it was something they likely considered a lot when they opened the place, but he explained that they had no basement to store the kegs in and decided not to do it. It's slightly disappointing to not have beer on tap, but please don't let that stop you from checking out the beautiful bar. They have plenty of really good bottled beers (cross reference to the Ringside Lager I mentioned above!) and some really interesting cocktails. The food:The table ordered a Banana Pepper Dip to start- you must try this. It was absolutely delicious. It came with small pieces of grilled toast. My only complaint was that there was not enough toast for the dip and the number of people at the table. We ended up "fighting" over who was going to get the last few pieces of toast. I ordered the Phoenix Burger, which came with jack cheese, sriracha mayo, and caramelized onions. The burger was cooked perfectly and, while nothing terribly unique, hit the spot for what I was craving. My friends both ordered the short rib grilled cheese- and I ended up cutting my burger and half and getting half of one of those sandwiches. I liked my burger more, but the grilled cheese really was uniquely yummy- the bread was perfectly toasted and the rib meat was tender and added a great compliment to the cheddar and fontina cheese. My husband ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich with honey mustard mayo. I took one bite and was pleasantly surprised at how sweet and tender it was. The hubby devoured the sandwich before the rest of us were done. He loved it. My only negative on the food was that the fries- while good- were regular, run of the mill restaurant fries. I'd like to see them switch to hand cut eventually. Maybe even offer sweet potato fries! In summary, literally everything we ate here was delicious and cooked perfectly. The prices are totally reasonable to justify making this a regular stop and a family-favorite. I hope The Phoenix is around for a long time!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/6/2013,26,72,2,6,2>My first trip to Rachel's did not disappoint. Service is efficient and lightning fast. Granted I missed the lunch rush, but I was in and out of the door in under 5 minutes. The restaurant  is only takeout, no option to dine-in, which is fine for most office workers and people on the go. They feature grilled chicken, steak, or falafel that you can order in a wrap, salad, rice bowl, or pita chip bowl and dress up with fresh vegetables, toppings, and sauces.I'm Middle Eastern, and tend to be pretty critical of Mediterranean food. Italians know good pasta, i know good hummus and falafel. I found Rachel's to be authentic, fresh, and tasty. My falafel was spot on- crunchy and green, not beige and starchy like a lot of the bad falafel you find in these parts. The side tabbouleh salad was packed with fresh herbs and plenty of tangy lemon. I dock a star because the pita wasn't warmed, making my wrap a bit dry. I was also a bit surprised by the price. The wrap was large, but $13 for a falafel and side salad seems a bit high, especially as there is no dine-in option. Price aside, the food is excellent! It's wonderful to see more healthy, quick lunch options in downtown Buffalo. I will definitely return.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,4/5/2013,77,131,2,11,4>**************************************************­***************************************************­*UPDATEAs of 4/18/2013, Chef Malik Saint no longer works at Duke's.  The owners have hired a new chef and indicated that they want to focus more on "pub food".  I will update this review once I've had sufficient time to sample the new chef's menu.  I have eaten here twice with the new chef and have been disappointed each time.  I am going to return for the music but hold off on the food until the kitchen staff find their feet again.  **************************************************­***************************************************­*ORIGINAL REVIEW - Chef Malik SaintThe place looks a little like a dive bar but it totally blew me away.  The restaurant area has about a dozen tables and a raised stage for live music.  We went on a Saturday night when they had a live jazz quartet that played from 6-9pm. They offer 1/2 price bottles of wine on jazz night and had a pretty decent selection.  DBGB's recently acquired Chef Malik Saint and this man can feed me any night of the week!  They offered specials like pan seared duck with Japanese sweet potatoes ($16) in addition to the standard filet ($24) and delicious bacon wrapped scallops ($16).  Totally an unexpected menu, but the food was excellent.  The menu changes every couple of days.  When I eventually (visit #4) got to meet Chef Malik, he informed me that he only uses organic ingredients and tries to use local vendors.  Whatever his secret is, I'm impressed!  I spent a good portion of my first evening there texting friends and sending pictures.  Dessert was so good I was tempted to order seconds!The live music was great, there seems to always be a friendly crowd, and the owners aren't shy about helping out when it gets busy either.While you don't currently *need* a reservation, it's a good idea so that the owners and staff can start recognizing you by name as a regular and Chef Saint certainly appreciates his growing fan base as well.  Ask for Kevin as your waiter if he's available.  I've gotten consistently good service from him and flawless service from Gabby & Pat, but they're the owners so that is to be expected.This is not only a place I will be returning to, but I look forward to sharing this "secret" with my music loving friends and foodies.  Dress is casual but not t-shirts, atmosphere is date-friendly, not kid friendly, and the prices are crazy cheap for what you get.  They also offer a standard bar menu of burgers and wings.  The BBQ wings are the best in town.  The regular wings are good but not great.  Check out Chef's instagram page (food porn) for pictures of his recent creations ... instagram.com/_againstth   Saturday night jazz is my favorite.  However, Tuesday nights are awesome too.  They have live soul music starting around 8pm which makes for a great late dinner and music combination.  DBGB has live music almost every night, usually starting around 10pm for the heavier stuff, and different themes each night of the week.  Check out their calendar on their website for more info.  dukesbohemiangrovebar.comLife is short, eat only what's delicious!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/4/2013,13,65,,8,1>I had lunch here today with my best friend and it is a lovely space on Main Street not far from the new Medical Campus. There was plenty of street parking available and the restaurant wasn't too busy so we were seated right away. The bar looked interesting and I'm sure it's popular after work. Our server brought our beverages while we perused the menu. My friend had the French onion soup and we both had pizza. The soup was a thick, rich, brown broth filled with onions and large croutons, covered with melted gruyere. She loved it. The pizza was large; 8 slices of thin crusted pie covered with fresh tomato slices and melted fresh mozzarella. Delicious and reminiscent of my trip to Rome. Refills of our drinks came without asking. Our server was pleasant and attentive and the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be back to try the dinner menu!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/3/2013,168,1331,,3,3>I have been here a number of times throughout the years.  Most recently to hear Walter Mosely speak earlier this year and then Steven Pinker this past week.The facility is so nice.  Parking is a little farther away than I would have imagined in Buffalo winters, but ok.  The facility is clean, well lit, nice little coffee stand inside, great seating both In the lobby and in the theater.  It holds about 1400 people we were told., but the traffic flow is so good you don't feel rushed or crushed.  We have been to a few small catered events there, and the catering is fine, but its catering, so keep that in mind.  If you have a chance to go see something here, you should go, its nice, comfortable, great acoustics, small enough to really see well, etc.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/2/2013,57,144,2,5,4>WOW! Where do I start? Recently renovated, I love what they've done with the place. When you walk in the door, the dining area is to the left and the bar area, to the right. This separation  creates a nice quite space for dining or entertainment (there was a comedy show that night) from anyone partying it up at the bar. I wish I had taken pictures while there. The interior pics posted on here are no longer representative of the atmosphere. It is much nicer.After the show I ordered a beef pocket appetizer (not sure if it had an official name). Minutes after I ordered, a friend insisted that I must try the Jerk Burger. So I ordered that too. The beef pocket was very tasty. Then came the burger. O.M.G! The heat was almost too much for me to handle and yet it was so delicious that I devoured it, savoring each bite in a state of absolute bliss. The bartender and the owners (I'm assuming) were all so very nice; as if they were having you over at their home for dinner and drinks. I really hope this place does well and I can't wait to go back and try some more.NOTE: Although I wasn't looking for caffeine at that hour, I asked if they normally serve Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee. I was told that they used to, but at approximately $6 a cup, it didn't sell well and they stopped serving it. For the average coffee drinker that price may seem insane. But for a coffee connoisseur, you know that the Jamaican Blue Mountain is the filet Mignon of coffee. They are however, considering bringing it back. So if you are interested in seeing it make a return, stop in there for lunch or dinner and be sure to let them know.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,3/31/2013,12,10,,8,3>We had originally planned to go someplace else for dinner, only to find it closed, so I pulled up my yelp app to see what was nearby that i had already bookmarked. It was the perfect excuse to hop the bus down Elmwood to Blue Monk.It was fairly early on a Monday night, so I wasn't expecting it to be too crowded. We were seated right away (4 of us) by a very pleasant hostess, followed quickly by our server who explained the evening specials and took our beverage order. We split an order of Delirium Tremens mussels (Strong Golden/Pale Ale with smoked chorizo, potato, charred tomato and poblano peppers). They were some of the best mussels I have ever had. Plump, free of grit, and served in an amazing broth that I could have eaten with my spoon after I ran out of bread to sop it up.My son got the special burger of the night. Elk with blackberry jam and goat cheese. It came out perfectly cooked (medium rare). He had upgraded to the duck frites (we all did) with the chipotle bacon mayo. The burger was declared to be amazing, at which point I persuaded him to let me have a taste. Absolutely incredible.His girlfriend ordered the Blue Monk Burger, which she said was wonderfulMy daughter got the ultimate grilled cheese with spinach added, and I have to say I was picking on her at first for ordering grilled cheese from all the wonderful choices. One small bit though, and I knew she had a winner. It was the perfect mix of crisp buttery bread and gooey stringy cheese topped with fresh spinach and a thick tomato slice. It was so good I would consider ordering it myself next time.I ordered the Duck Confit Reuben. The bread was a little crisper than I would have liked, but the entire thing was just delicious. It was piled high with duck and slaw, not too salty and most definitely not dry. We were stuffed, so we didn't try any of the deserts. I cannot wait to go back again.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/30/2013,82,148,5,13,6>Seemingly every week, another darling opens on Buffalo's Hertel Avenue Strip.  Manakeesh and More numbers among the latest entrants and further adds to the bloc of Middle Eastern restaurants, lounges, and grocery stores that have sprung up on Hertel just north of Delaware.  I strolled by last night and, on seeing their prices, decided that I must try it today for lunch.  You know the old adage about finding great food in the most unseemly looking holes in the walls?  This place seems to have been carved out of an excess wall of a Middle Eastern grocery now abutting it.  Walking by twice, I thought that they must be connected somehow.  (Parenthetically, are they?  I still feel like they could be!)   Atmosphere is almost non-existent.  Basic and mismatched tables and chairs line either side.  A large flatscreen TV dominated one of the earth-toned walls, but wasn't on.  Nevertheless, the restaurant remains welcoming.  Why?  Because the proprietor has decided that it must be.  He greeted each individual who strolled in while I was feasting in a warm voice.   There is no underestimating the effects of an honest welcome.As of 2/13/2012, the menu of Manakeesh and More is simple and straightforward, catering to its strengths. It features the requisite stuffed falafel sandwiches, halal pizzas, and stuffed pies of the meat and spinach variety.  Additionally, they boast a variety of appetizers and sides: baba ghanough, hummus, foul, tabbouleh, lentil soup, and so on.  Of all the Middle Eastern spots in Buffalo, this one is the first I have visited that offers lamb extensively on their menu.  In fact, their lamb kebab sandwich is only $3.99!!  What a fantastic deal!  A kebab rather than shawarma sandwich, it is oriented lengthwise, giving the impression of a sub or a wrap rather than a pita pocket.  Those unfamiliar with Middle Eastern meet may be disappointed by its taste.  Almost completely devoid of sauce but heavy on veggies, Manakeesh and More has the guts to put its meat on display.  The distinct of their well-flavored meat is apparent.While waiting for my meal, a Palestinian woman waiting for takeout with me extolled the virtues of its meat pies.  Sure, I anticipated stuffing myself with lamb for lunch, but a meat pie for a mere $2.99 sounded like a great dinner option... and it was.  Loaded with well-seasoned ground beef and onions in soft and fluffy dough and likewise devoid of sauce, the succulence of the meat is on full display.  Waiting for my sandwich, the proprietor insisted I try the lentil soup.  Quite lentillly though a tinge too oily, I loved it and wound up chugging the rest like a beer.  Regularly priced at $1.99, it does make a great addition to any meal, should you desire more.Given my proximity to Manakeesh and More, I can easily envision it as a place I might visit for takeout once a week or more.  Until the mood settles a bit, the lighting brightens, or some music or soccer add to its atmosphere, I'm not sure that it's a great option for dining in.  With less than two weeks in business though, I'm confident that yet more positive changes will be made.I look forward to writing an update with thoughts on their halal pizza soon.  I WILL be back.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,3/29/2013,33,69,,2,2>Smoke on the water is a tasty barbecue joint right on the edge of Tonawanda and North Tonawanda. I wish I lived closer to it because it would probably be a part of my regular rotation. The place is small, so if you go in the winter expect it to be full, but when the weather warms they increase in size thanks to an outdoor patio right on the canal. The food. Good stuff.I went with a group of 8 and everyone loved their meals. I'd have to say the best thing I tasted was the bit of hog wings I sampled from a friend's order. Next time, that's what I'm getting. I ordered the ribs, which were fine. Not the best ribs I've ever had, but I'm picky when it comes to ribs.  The kitchen sent us a complimentary order of Hand Grenades as a starter and in return we bought the kitchen a "round of drinks" (actually an option on the menu.) Back to these Hand Grenades -- they are little baked potatoes stuffed with pulled pork and then covered with cheddar, jalapeño peppers and sour cream. I mean, how can you go wrong with that? They were great. The only thing I didn't like was the mac and cheese (topped with goldfish crackers.)  The presentation is cute but the actual mac and cheese did nothing for me. Overall, I would say that Smoke on the Water is worth a visit if you're in the area. I'll be going again if I'm ever up that way.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,3/28/2013,63,67,1,2,2>I stopped into Seabar with a female friend before the most recent Shea's production. I had tried to make it in before the last show, as well, but my boyfriend and I couldn't get reservations for two people at the last minute, a fact which speaks strongly to the popularity of the place.The interior is ambient and relaxing while still delivering a strikingly modern vibe. It was perfect for a girls' night, but I would have no qualms about being taken here for a date, either. Our waiter was extremely personable and diligent about checking back in with us without being overbearing. The restaurant was pleasantly crowded, but the tables were spaced apart perfectly to allow for private conversation and easy movement of the staff. Great atmosphere and service overall!The food was, in short, excellent. My handrolled trio (crab, shrimp, and salmon) was assembled as cones in comparison to the standard roll. The seaweed wrap had a great, gummy texture and wasn't too "oceany-y" (which is always a disappointment for me), balancing perfectly with the flavorful meats. We started off with one of their daily specials as an appetizer: a dumpling dish with a side of kimchi. That particular Korean dish and I have a troubled relationship so I decided to pass on that portion, but my friend said it was really flavorful. I suppose my only complaint is the drinks. I started off with a mango margarita that would have been yummy if there hadn't been so much ice in it. By the time I got down to the bottom it was like drinking mango-water. Blegh! I gave their drink menu another go with the rooberry margarita. It turned out to be much better: the raspberry ice cube at the bottom was a great surprise! But, for nearly $10 per drink, I would have probably been better off making a stop at one of the nearby bars to get my pre-show buzz.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/27/2013,11,34,2,4,5>A group of 10 of us went to Viking Lobster last week for NYE dinner. Why you ask? Because their fresh lobster and crab was priced extremely fair and it was BYOB. Boom! Not one person from my party has ever dined at the Viking Lobster before and quickly became skeptical of all reviews upon walking in the door. After my experience, you cannot judge a book by its cover. The outside did look a little shady, the inside, a little old fashioned, but the food was definitely something to write home about. All of my friends and I absolutely loved our appetizers and entrees which we had expected from their great reputation. For appetizers, we ordered clams casino, which were done with bacon instead of the traditional bread crumbs. They were great. We also ordered a homemade seafood egg-rolls along with very spicy stuffed banana peppers which both were to everyone's liking. For my entree, I elected to have the 8oz filet with two pounds of fresh crablegs. This entree came with a soup and salad and cost $50. Boom! The soup and salad were good. The crab legs were out of this world. They tasted so fresh and 2lbs is definitely enough to pass around. The steak on the other hand wasn't the best "filet" I've ever had. It was way too chewy to be a filet mignon as described and looked more like a strip than anything else. That is the only thing holding this place back from a 5 star review. Besides that I was very happy with my meal. The service was also very good. We had this younger kid named John who meshed very well with our table. He was prompt with the course sequence and was always around when needed. I noticed that the whole wait staff works together and later found that they all pool their tips. I guess this maybe an ideal way to run a restaurant, I'm sure servers would disagree. There it is, 4 stars and well deserved Viking Lobster. I will be back!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,3/26/2013,8,6,7,9,7>Buffalo Trim is located in the new-ish business development on N. French near Tops. I really like the style of that strip, it's very enticing to enter but unfortunately there aren't a ton of places worth checking out. Luckily, Buffalo Trim is one of them.I've never had one set place to get my hair cut, so as a result, I've had a chance to try many places in the Buffalo and WNY area. Chains, local shops, barbers, and yes, even a few salons. Buffalo Trim is the type of place that makes you feel quite unmanly to go to a standard salon. Not only for the difference in styling, atmosphere and stigma, but also for the price you pay at a salon vs Buffalo trim. I think I paid about 12-14 for just a cut with nothing extra, which is a pretty standard price to me. But lets visit that whole manly part again...So yes, like a few other hair places that have popped up recently, Sports Clips and Lady Jane's come to mind, Buffalo trim is 100% geared toward men. The place has a real whiskey lounge feel, without the whiskey or cigars. The billiard table is a nice touch, but of the three times I've been there I've never had to wait more than half a minute. Although, I have been there when a father and his two sons were all asking for the same stylist, in which case it was a nice distraction for them as they waited. There are also quite a few HDTVs usually showing a slew of sports news and highlights from ESPN.As you walk in, there is a large TV acting as a computer monitor facing you on the reception desk, waiting for you to sign in. It even allows you to select a specific stylist from the ones on staff at the moment with their picture, in case you don't remember your stylist's name (or if you just want to pick the cutest one). Needless to say, walk-ins are very welcome.As for the haircut you receive, I think this is hard to comment on because depending on your directions to a stylist versus your expectations when you walk in, I'm sure you could manage to be disappointed in your cut. I, however, have been very happy with my trim each time I've visited. The stylists ask good prompting questions to customize your cut, and even after just one visit, the stylist recalled the basic look I was going for from the previous trip. Finally, I know they offer a hot lather shave or something along those lines, which I can't yet comment on as I haven't asked for one yet. I generally shave every day for work, but I would like to try this at some point and will update you all when I do. Or, feel free to beat me to it and post your findings soon!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,3/25/2013,37,78,2,5,5>I walked into Dandy Candy on a whim. I was browsing different stores on Elmwood and decided to give this place a look-see and well heck I like candy.I was greeted by the very nice owner (who's name I forgot to ask) who inquired if I was looking for anything specific and was still very welcoming when I told him I was just making rounds on the different shops along the road. It's a simple thing but I do appreciate when someone's attitude doesn't change towards a customer because they are "just browsing".To my untrained eye the place had a good assortment of candy. Modern candies, retro candies (I ended up getting an Abba-Zaba bar for about $1.50), and some more daring candy. They have candied meal-worms, a sucker with a real scorpion in the center, and at least one other insect related candy. Now I like to think of myself as adventurous, and as much as I like writing detailed reviews I will not, dear reader, be trying one of these sweets. But at the same time, there were all of two scorpion lolli-pops left in their display packaging and only a handful of meal worms on the shelf. So I would not be surprised if people are looking for these things. They certainly are a novelty and would make one heck of a grab bag item. I like that Dandy carries these, there may be other places around that sell them too I have no idea, but it is fun to see the bizarre stuff now and again.Those bizarre candies though are only literally a handful of items compared to the myriad of other candies, collectibles, gift shop items, and knick knacks around the shop. They have about a dozen mugs not dissimilar to those in other shops in the area, but also different. As well as some nice looking tins shaped like cars or vans which I would consider buying and filling with candy, as the owner suggested.  Then they also have just typical gift shop stuff like small toys, and what not.I know I am not really doing the shop much justice in the selection offered, but these are what I remember most about the place. It sounded like he recently opened, taking over from Can Can Candy but I do not know when that was. I say if you're walking around Elmwood during the day then stop in, buy a candy bar, shed some years and be the proverbial "kid in a candy store" for just a few minutes.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,3/24/2013,15,30,,3,4>I love record stores. Mmmm, maybe that doesn't adequately express it. I think that independent record stores are vital to our musical culture, and that the Amazons and iTunes of the world are making us culturally poorer. It is therefore essential for us to go out of our way to support stores like Record Theatre before they all die, putting a nail in our cultural coffin.But Jason! Don't you buy music from iTunes? Don't you have a ton of MP3s? You hypocrite?Yes, that's true. I like music on the go as well. I have to have music available to me all the time. I also don't treat music like it's just background noise for the ride to the office. For the music I really, really love, and for the things that matter, I get copies on vinyl to listen at home when I want to relax.People argue about this stuff. I think that the reason why many people, like myself, prefer vinyl is very much the same reason why people collect "analog" copies of books instead of using a Kindle. People enjoy the tactile experience. People also enjoy the artwork, fonts, things that get minimized when they go digital. And, oh yeah, analog sounds better.Regardless of how you like to listen, New World has you covered. They have a great selection of Vinyl (I gravitate towards jazz and soul). They have music DVDs (love them!), as well as CDs. In addition they carry used copies of music. Sometimes you can find some really great deals. On Saturday mornings, from 10 AM until 12 PM, they have 20% off sales on everything in the store. NICE. They will special order anything you can't find. I love spending an hour or so wandering around the store, exploring and talking with other music lovers. You know what, Jeff Bezos, Tim Cook, et cetera, they already have more money than they can spend. Hate to beat this drum again but it is important to put your money in the pockets of the neighbors who share your passions. This store is awesome. It is a local gem that deserves a visit now and again if you really enjoy music. Check it out!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,3/23/2013,56,82,,6,4>When I first pulled up to Nick's Place I wasn't certain they were still in business. There was a sandwich board outside inviting me in, but it almost looked as if the outside had been boarded up. It was with some trepidation that I approached, and when I got inside I was still half-tempted to turn tail. Saying that the interior of Nick's Place isn't much to look at is a massive understatement. Still, I was already there and hungry, so I decided to brave it.I was seated by friendly staff in a booth by the window, and I ordered the gyro breakfast. Once it arrived I was incredibly glad I'd stayed. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the gyro was juicy and just greasy enough without being offputting. It came with a huge mound of potatoes, and a couple thick slices of their homemade raisin bread. Despite the decor (or complete lack thereof) the ambiance was incredibly welcoming. The staff greeted most patrons by name, and welcomed them in like old friends. I barely had to look up from my book before someone was at the table with a refill for my coffee. Aside from the food, the best part was the bill. Prices are extremely reasonable for the volume of food received, and I definitely didn't need anything until dinner. I'd definitely recommend Nick's Place for a no-frills solid diner breakfast.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/22/2013,75,42,1,5,5>My usual hair dresser was completely booked up for the next couple of months, and I  really needed a good trim. So, I decided to try Karma because it has a pretty good overall rating on here. There are only a few things that make me really nervous...one of them is trusting someone to tame my mane (and not take full artistic freedom to give me a bowl haircut or something else lovely like that!). This is the first time I read the previous Yelp reviews, and felt they were 100% dead on. I went to Jenny because her name kept popping up for being a great hairdresser. She was very welcoming, easy to chat with, and gave me exactly what I wanted! She understood my preferences and hesitations. Without being pushy or too opinionated, she definitely delivered what I wanted but also added that little something extra to just nudge me out of my comfort zone. We all need that little somethin' somethin' from time to time to feel spiffy! haI will definitely be back, and I agree with fellow Yelpers that Jenny and Karma in general is a great salon to get those 'good looks'!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/21/2013,50,116,1,7,4>Great bar/restaurant in the heart of Buffalo. My college buddies and I found this place years ago and I've gone back a handful of times since.If you're staying at the Hyatt and reading this review, walk across the street and grab some great Buffalo favorites.Service: Always great. This recent waitress of mine was especially friendly and considerate.Menu: Not the biggest but you won't be displeased.Food: It's all delicious. I've ordered many different items and never been unsatisfied. The oysters are delicious. Wings are plump. I had a black bean and chicken quesadilla which was meaty and fresh. Of all the things I've had there, I honestly love their salsa and chips ($4 app). Their salsa is house-made and very fresh. They need to put that $hit in a bottle and sell it.Atmosphere: Dark and lots of wood. Bring a flashlight if your eyes aren't good. Lots of table and booth seating. It's fun to eat upstairs...whenever it's not reserved.Bacon at the bar!!!This place over the Pan-Am any day.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/20/2013,1,30,1,5,3>Ok, this place is great! Truly a a jewel in the rough. I gave them 5 stars because I really couldn't find anything I didn't like about my experience. We're not talking about fine dining here, but for what they are, they deserve the 5 stars.Niagara Seafood is so casual and easy to order... and nice and clean too. The pho is excellent. I tried the spicy beef pho and the seafood pho. Both unique and delicious in their own way. For sure will order again. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty. I'm a big fan of spring rolls and these met my expectations. What really set them off is the very flavorful peanut sauce that accompanied them. The sauce was slightly warmed and did not have an overpowering peanut taste to it (a huge plus in my mind). I really can't wait to come back and try some of the other items on the menu. The prices are reasonable and  I can see myself becoming a regular. I also took home some sesame buns for the kids... They loved 'em! PS - The really cool thing about this place is that it is a supermarket, so you can buy an assortment of seafood or Asian delicacies to take home and prep yourself.  Plus it really adds to the atmosphere.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/19/2013,24,48,5,7,3>As a Lockport Native, I think Garlock's is one of the best restaurants in the area (And its suprisingly not 2 hours away like every one of my friends tends to think). I headed there with my mom last night. The place was pretty quiet for a Thursday evening, and we we're promptly seated by the owner.We started off with two glasses of Cabernet house wine, which is good. The waitress was very attentive, but as she could see my mother and I talking like we haven't seen each other in ages, she gave us the perfect amount of space. I think my favorite part of this experience is the ounce size sorbet they give you between your salad and entrée to "Cleanse the pallet", just makes me feel so sophisticated (the little things in life) I ordered the Tortilla crusted tilapia which was a special. I've had it before there, so I'm assuming it's a frequent special. It was done perfectly and accompanied by a spicy dipping sauce. All dinners are served with a salad, bread, and potato. My mom got the 8oz filet, which she ordered medium (I'm sorry Steak Connoisseurs, apparently we're not that "sophisticated"), which was delicious and cooked very well. We both got the garlic toast and baked potato. Very filling meal at a reasonable price. Garlock's is always a solid bet, very rare that you won't have a good experience. And it's even better when your mothers paying.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,3/18/2013,90,142,5,11,8>Pausa Art House is a new, salon style cafe in Allentown with an added twist.  Thursday through Saturday, Pausa hosts some of the greatest chamber music going on in Buffalo - from classical music to fresh off the press pieces, some of the world's best performers will be passing through Pausa's doors in the future.As a cafe, they are open 10am to 2pm, with great coffee (and cheap!), cleverly named and well made desserts (who doesn't want to eat a John Cage sandwich?), and free wifi.  Yes, another beautiful place to come and do lots of work!The interior is absolutely spectacular - with wooden floors, vintage furniture, and a vibrant color scheme.  Quite comfortable, calming, and well suited to the old style of cafe living.  Also, visual artists are displayed on the walls in exhibition - the current one is quite good with many pieces to stare at for hours and get lost in.As a performance venue, I can already say that it is superb.  In the coming weeks, many different kinds of concerts will be occurring, including Eric Huebner, the principal pianist for the NY Philharmonic, on March 15th.  And if you're thinking - hmm, I don't know if I like classical or contemporary  music - well this is the perfect place to get acquainted again.  Performances here are intimate and powerful, again carrying on the salon culture of past cafe life.  And, the variety is intense - everything from Beethoven to Jazz and after.  A great mix and curation of music.  (Performances are Thurs-Saturday starting at 8pm, check their website to see the groups performing.  Also, I should add, that for 99% of these events, the cover charge is $5.  Only $5 to see two hours of amazing music.)if this reads like an ad, well, it's because I love the idea of this place and that is now exists.  A mingling of culture, music, coffee, art - a much needed addition to the life of Allentown as an alternative to the bars and bustling restaurants.  A place like this adds to the cultural development of Buffalo, adds support to the already thriving music and arts scenes, and provides a meeting place of ideas, thought, and performance that will help the community grow.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,3/17/2013,198,661,,8,6>Recently, I saw a picture of unique flavored sponge candy on Oh Pour's Facebook page that encouraged me to bust a move to Snyder to grab some before it was gone. Irish Cream, Peanut Butter, and Raspberry flavors... Say whaaaaaat?? I bought a little bag of each to taste- Peanut Butter was my FAVORITE! My mom and I also got ice cream- me, mint chocolate chip; mom, dark chocolate salted caramel. Since Oh Pour is Sweet Jenny's sister store, they serve a few different flavors of Jenny's ice cream. YUM! The girl working was super nice and friendly. With our purchases we were treated to a Hospice spring flower bouquet that totally made our day! We browsed the cute little novelties (toys, etc.) and other delicious looking chocolates and headed out, so glad that we had stopped in. If I worked or lived closer by, I'd be in all the time to try their flavored coffees. The list was amazing!I hope to get back for a visit soon! Thanks for making our day on the town a little sweeter!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/16/2013,11,39,7,4,6>James K. Polk.That should be the review. The 11th president. A taciturn man, unloved by the majority. He ran on a simple platform. He would annex the land from Mexico. He would force England to give up her holdings on on west coast. He would reform our banking system. After all that, he would choose not to run again, retire, and fade away. A god damned American hero.The only bar to honor this man is Founding Father's. They share a great deal of similarities. Both are smart. Both are simple in their goals. One has a trivia night on the first Tuesday of the month and free nachos, the other is our 3rd greatest president.Both are unappreciated.Both should be loved. One for reshaping our nation, the other for giving us free nachos and a hell of a friendly staff.Oh, and come the first Tuesday of every month I'm totally going to kick your butt in trivia.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/15/2013,69,102,,6,4>Encompass coffee bar & cafe; owned and operated by the same woman of Caz Coffee Cafe in South Buffalo and same great service. What has changed? The location, the menu and that's about it. What would I recommend? Everything! The bagels from the bagel man are delicious and fresh! I'd also recommend their homemade veggie cream cheese (mmm garlic!) As far as drinks: Chai tea latte! It's homemade as well as all of her baked goods! The Mexican hot chocolate is to die for and one of my favorites aside from the chai. The house coffee is pretty good too. Other foods i'd recommend? The black bean soup and breakfast wrap. Yummmmy!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/14/2013,14,23,2,3,2>I went into there today around 10:30, and was surprised to see a line. I mean, it's Friday, but still a work week morning. We stood behind a curtain-like partition from the entrance to the restaurant. I like how in this area there's some decorations and books to see instead of just sitting there, waiting and bored. It took a while, but we finally got in and were offered seats at the "bar" counter. I could have sworn that the spot was open since we got there, so I don't know why that spot wasn't offered sooner, but whatever. When we got seated we ordered our drinks. I got hot tea while my boyfriend ordered coffee. For the coffee he got a little carafe of it, and my tea was brought with an odd hot water holder that I've seen on the internet, but this was the first time I'd ever seen it in person. I was pleasantly surprised that I got an assortment of teas to choose from. I picked peppermint, as it was the most exciting flavor at the time. For food we both got breakfast crepes. Mine had scrambled eggs with ham and brie, while he got poached eggs with cheddar and sausage. Both crepes came with fruit and home fries. The home fries were good and well seasoned. The crepe was also really good, and I look forward to trying other crepes here. However, I have to mention that the fruit is borderline offensive. It tasted like fruit cocktail fruit. You know that taste, that weird syrupy flavor that makes pineapple taste almost the same as the cantaloupe. I couldn't wrap my head around this. If you're making such nice flavored crepes and other goodies, WHY is the fruit from a can? I begrudgingly ate each piece, wondering to myself if I had just eaten a grape, or a blueberry. Anyways, I really liked my meal here, other than the fruit. I can't wait to come back for another crepe (I want to try a dessert crepe!)
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/13/2013,64,70,3,9,6>In Yellowstone National Park, there is a water geyser, that without fail erupts on average of every 91 minutes.  The name of that geographic phenomenon is Old Faithful.  It almost as if that is good nickname for Mother's Restaurant.  I remember the first time I was there, in college, and I was dragged there because I has asked a friend what a shrimp fritter was. I've been a regular ever since. Virginia Place has a cool vibe to it.  It's more of an alley than it is a street.  It's the perfect place for a hidden little gem like Mothers.  Sometimes when you go to a restaurant that his always busy, you know the wait staff has their proverbial stuff together - so, it's the little things that make it memorable.  The rock wall.  The fact that the wait staff has no uniforms.  Sam the bartender.  The butter that is brought with your bread is soft (note to restaurants - soft butter is good butter).  The menu is written in pen and then photo copied.  Little things my friends, little things - they make all the difference. I'd love to be able to tell you that there is one thing on the menu that you need to order - but it's all pretty damn tasty.  I guess, gun to head - shrimp fritters are an appetizer worth ordering.  The wine list is varied and priced appropriately.  The feeling is the place is different than any other restaurant - one table could be a group in jeans and tees, another in suits and ties, another in Sabres jerseys - much like it was this past Saturday for my meal there. Mothers is and has always been one of my most favorite places to dine in the City of Buffalo and it should be yours, as well.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/12/2013,62,99,3,5,3>I have been here twice, and only for brunch.  Each time was an enjoyable experience.  The servers are great...attentive and friendly, just the way I like 'em.  The variety of food is decent (this isn't Empire, folks.) and the Bloody Mary's are delish.  I like the atmosphere--for both couples and groups.  On each occasion we noticed larger groups celebrating birthdays. On the most recent trip there, I noticed a baby shower being set up in the back room.  The one menu item that sticks out the most was the baked french toast.  So good.  I love the photographs on the walls...all taken by the owner's daughter on a trip to Italy (I think...if I'm remembering correctly?) on her iPhone! :)  OH...and check out the bathroom and play with all the fancy lotions from next door.  You'll thank me later.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/11/2013,63,92,1,3,3>Nestled in the center of the quaint little village of Orchard Park is a unique store with an eclectic flair - Malabar Home & Apparel.If you are looking for a wide range of high-end art, clothing, home accessories and gourmet food items, and a unique small town shopping experience, this is a great store to check out.  The owner, Julie Jones, is a very involved business owner, taking a role right up front with daily customer interaction.  Ask her for advice, she will have it.  Looking for something specific - odds are she can find it and order it.  Give it a try!Although with any high-quality store you might find the prices to be higher than what would find in a mall or department store, trust me, the quality and uniqueness of what you will find is worth it.  Combine that with the homey feel of the shopping experience, you owe yourself a trip to Malabar.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/10/2013,13,70,,7,2>Small restaurant that some may find dated or cheesy.  I find it charming.  The staff pays wonderful attention to detail in regards to food AND service.  There's a reason Schwabl's has been in existence for 175 years.Wonderful selection of "old fashioned" dishes (goulash, turkey dinner, open hot roast beef w/gravy, sardines, fish fry - perch or haddock) and cocktails (Manhattan, Tom Collins, Tom & Jerry in winter months, more.)Someone told me they thought it was too expensive here.  The beef on weck special somes with homemade cole slaw & choice of potato (I had fries, of course!)  It was easily 1/2 pound of tender, medium-cooked roast beef, done to perfection, on a fresh Kummelweck roll.  I don't consider $11.75 too high a price for that, since the food was of the highest quality & the service was fabulous.  To each their own, I guess.  The Tom & Jerry I had was really unique & delicious; at $6.50 it was a little pricey, but totally worth it.Best beef on weck I've ever had.  And I was born & raised here in Buffalo so I've had my share.  I'd go back for sure, and this is where I would take out-of-town guests if they wanted beef on weck.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/9/2013,96,404,,3,3>I have been here for lunch a few times and TOTALLY LOVE their soups, but I never realized that it was a DINNER DESTINATION until last night.  And, a TERRIFIC one at that!  Great setting, great service (although perhaps a little too rushed), and great food!Two of us shared a cozy table by the window and a delicious meal.  The menu had so many wonderful things to choose from that it was difficult to decide (and that was even before looking at the nightly specials).  I finally chose "Almond Crusted Chicken Breasts" and was practically dancing in my seat because they were so yummy.  Twin boneless breast cutlets perfectly coated with bread crumbs and sliced almonds and served with wild rice, apple butter, and perfectly cooked asparagus.  That dish had the perfect balance of flavors and textures!  Wow!Italian bread with olive oil for dipping was brought to the table prior to our entrees.  The bread was crusty on the outside and as fluffy as a cloud on the inside and the oil was flavorful.... but I was a teeny-tiny bit disappointed that a salad wasn't served before the meal.  Even a little one.  Somehow I feel like I have to start my meal that way.There was a choice of three desserts and upon asking we were told that two came from "Dessert Deli" (good to be sure, but I'm the kind of gal who likes her desserts to be made in house).  We chose to share the one that was, Grand Marnier Creme Brulee.  What a delightful surprise that it was torched right at the table!  So much fun to watch the sugar bubble and brown...... smell that wonderful burnt sugar smell...... wait until the moment it cools...... and CRACK! MMMMMM!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/8/2013,19,1,3,4,2>Tonight I had the pleasure of attending a dinner at Scharf's with a friend that had an extra space for me at a local Yelp Supper Club event.In short, the experience was GREAT!  Get the potato pancakes!  They were superb!For those who want more detail... here goes....  Buffalo is a city with hidden gems buried in neighborhoods stuck in time from generations long passed by gradual economic decay.  Scharf's is nestled in a quiet Buffalo street where you would expect to see an old man slowly strolling about wearing a tweed sport coat, circa 1991 Buffalo Bills crazy-stripped pants, and a top hat... smoking a cheap cigar or carrying a paper bag full of something strong!  (Just trying to establish a visual...)This is NOT a place to bring a laptop or expect wireless service... But DO bring your appetite for a crafty German stout and a spaetzle made with some German love (ie precision engineering!)Ambience is dated!  Wood paneling is due for a comeback though!?!?  But other qualities redeem...The dinner started with a potato pancake that was perfectly crispy and served with applesauce for dipping.  It was a the BMW/Audi/Porsche/Mercedes-Benz dish of the night.  i so badly wanted a 2nd p-cake but I had to hold myself back...  It was an internal battle within that nobody else at the long gingham-patterned table knew was occurring.... My will-power won thankfully and I had room to enjoy the other dishes to come!  (I advise doing the same - leave room for a variety of dishes to share...)Oh how i loved the German potato salad!! The rouladen (beef), sauerkraut, spaetzle (gnocchi-like dough bits) and schnitzel (pounded breaded meat...ours was veal) all combined for a wonderful meal.  I would drive many miles on an autobahn to get to Scharf's!  I did not order dessert.  Others did tonight so definitely refer to their reviews.I admit to not having been to Germany or even knowing much about German cuisine.... As such, I cannot make any attestation regarding the authenticity of the food.  The humble owner said the recipes were passed down from his grandmother and I did not ask if the grandma was German!  That's beside the point; the food was wonderful!GO TO SCHARF'S for the food that you wish your mother cooked as a kid... AND EAT WITHOUT RESTRAINT for your love of Buffalo's budget-friendly treasures that surprisingly accept plastic!It feels great to have supported a restaurant like Scharf's tonight.  This little "haus" on the corner is a hidden gem.I give a five-star rating for the service and food quality in relation to price.  The effect of ambiance is always what you make of it... Embrace the warmth and charm of Scharf's knowing that the whole neighborhood needs to WAKE UP AND SMELL THE SCHNITZEL!A big THANK YOU to the friend that invited me tonight as well as the staff at Scharf's that prepared our exceptional meal.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/7/2013,22,41,2,9,1>Research and Design promised to be hip and fun, and after several visits, I'm pleased to say it is as fabulous as the renovated space it's located in. In the heart of Orchard Park, the store's sleek finishes and modern style evokes the feeling of being in another city. The owners are enthusiastic and educated about the brands they carry. They offer Malin + Goetz bath and beauty products, including lotions, hair masks, lip balms and more, which are wonderful and hard to find in WNY. They may be the only area retailer carrying the line. Their Butter London nail polish selection is impressive--more colors offered at once than anywhere in the area that I've seen.The store's clothing clearly focuses on quality, not just trend. Their tees, denim and more offer a rainbow of colors and tend to stick with classic solids and stripes. They have fashion favorites like James Perse, Vince, Olive & Oak, AG Adriano Goldschmied and Blank NYC. With few WNY department stores or boutiques carrying these, this store is even more of a welcome addition. They also have items by peace love world, which makes comfy clothing and accessories. Think cute yoga pants, workout gear and stylish loungewear. They even carry some baby and children's clothing and accessories.There are plenty of accessories (deux lux bags and wallets, scarves, etc.), in addition to a great selection of beautiful flats by Yosi Samra, as well as dressier pumps from Pour La Victoire, a shoe company from France. There is a huge display of jewelry, with a low end line that's perfect for grabbing some trendier pieces, and higher end pieces. There's also have Dogeared jewelry, which makes great gifts. It's impossible to depart the jewelry section without a few goodies.Lastly, the second floor has fitting rooms, denim, and an art gallery. What a cool idea in a truly beautiful space. I'm thrilled to have this store as an addition to my favorite spots to shop local.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/6/2013,21,107,1,3,1>"It's about time Buffalo eats some rice and beans" was exclaimed some 20 years ago and the Niagara Cafe was born. It's been family run and home cooked the whole time. Important info when deciding to go: Puerto Rican food is not spicy. It has a liquor license.Ask for the coconutty, creamy rum drink.There are virtually no vegetables involved in a meal here. There are bananas and plantains though.Every meat is tender and falling apart. The flan is superb. Not slippery, texture is more like cheesecake and it is no afterthought - build your meal with it in mind for the end.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,3/5/2013,53,107,,7,3>I finally got to go to Lucy tonight! I've been dying to go after reading all the yelp reviews.- small dining area, limited seating- authentic atmosphere- super friendly owners Since it was my first time at an Ethiopian restaurant, I had tons of questions. The descriptions of each dish on the menu were vague, so I needed more explanations. The waiter (assuming is the husband) answered all of my questions and made some recommendations.Food:- Sambusa with Meat/Lentils - triangular pastry rolls filled with ground beef, lentils, onions, and jalapeno with a dipping sauce (75cents each): flavorful, a bit spicy, crispy, delicious, not greasy; sauce was also yummy!- Darek Tibs - fresh lamb (seasoned with a dry rub) stir fried with onion, tomatoes, and flavored with a special Lucy sauce ($10.99): so much flavor! a bit salty. the lamb was a tad overcooked, but still soooooo tasty!! Really enjoyed this dish! Easy to eat with your hands! The darek tibs comes on top of injera (flat bread)..- Injera - I couldn't stop nibbling at it even though I was stuffed. There's this mild tangy, vingery taste to it that is so appetizing! I absolutely loved it! It was so  much fun eating with my hands! (Moist towelettes and napkins are provided.)Kudos to the lady who cooks and maintains the front of the house! Very talented! I'll be back for sure!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,3/4/2013,41,57,1,2,4>If you are looking for a serious Italian Sandwich - do not look any further.  I'm serious.  No stop - I'm serious, serious - FOR REALSIES, you need to stop here - order ANYTHING and you'll understand....I came in one afternoon missing Boston's North End and surprised my taste buds with a treat.  I was blown away, I ordered the Bugsy Segal.  This was an Italian cold cut sandwich that I thought wasn't possible in Buffalo.  The following weekend, my sister and brother-in-law were in town for the Bills game.  I swore they would love it.  They were a little suspicious as well, but on Sunday evening, after a day of tailgating, they requested a visit back to Marco's for dinner.  It was amazing again.Oh... And even if you are starving....  Good luck eating both halves of the sangwich - it's humongo!But - regardless.... save room for a cannoli... They are wonderful!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,3/3/2013,21,5,3,4,3>For whatever reason, some restaraunts exist in a charmed state where the pleasure I get from being there surpasses the enjoyment I get from the food: places like Spot Coffee, Ashkers Juice Bar and, yes, Amy's Place. The food is certainly good (and cheap), but not good enough to justify my ardor. No, Amy's is the perfect Zen diner, somehow getting it all right in spite (and because) of not trying to get it all right. The friendly but tired staff, unlimited but watered down coffee, shabby but comforting space and inexpensive but delicious and healthy food create a ying/yang casual dining experience that is usually the correct answer to: "Where am I going to eat?"Amy's has a decent following in the pre-work hours of 7-9 for their cheaper than cheap early-bird breakfast specials. It's the most and best food you're going to see for near $1.99. I usually tack a sausage and bottomless coffee to that for a breakfast that barely breaks five bucks, but still allows you to skip lunch.While the lentils are mentioned in nearly every review, I'd be remiss not to cast my lot in with everyone that mentions how delicious and tender they are. The lentils are spiced with the same flavorings used in Amy's lamb kafta and other sausages I've eaten which give them a very meaty and satisfying aspect.While Amy's has been acclaimed for being a great vegetarian option in a city somewhat lacking in those options, the meat choices are not an afterthought. The Kafta competes with the sausage I've had at any other middle-eastern restaurant. When ordered as a dinner platter, it comes with a generous helping of hummus (you'll want to order extra toasted pita) and tabbouleh that really compliments the roasted meat.Like any diner with a pretty broad menu there are some misses to stay away from. One of those is the unimpressive chili, which given the unique and tasty lentil soup that's always available would be a poor choice. My only other nitpick is that you'd do well to give yourself plenty of time for an Amy's visit, even if you're getting take out. They only have the one person working behind that small grill, and food doesn't fly out. If you're there for the coffee refills and to catch up on your reading like I am, this isn't a problem, but if you're picking up a breakfast sandwich before work you might run into trouble.All in all, this place is a jewel in Queen City's tiara and as a recent transplant I'm very appreciative that it's open early and never seems to be more than five minutes from wherever you are.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/2/2013,88,22,3,10,5>Absolutely love Joe's Deli! It's probably one of my favorite places to grab lunch on the weekend. Plus, they recently expanded their hours so you can even stop in for dinner. Yum!I've just about sampled the whole menu and really haven't had anything I didn't like. Everything tastes fresh and is made to order. My hubs especially loves the Thai Chicken Wrap which consists of mixed greens with chicken, carrots, scallions, shredded cabbage and crushed peanuts in an Asian vinaigrette. My favorite sandwich is "The Body" which reminds me of a modern take on bahn mi and consists of spiced pork loin, Sahlen's ham, pickled carrots, jalapeno slices, cucumber slices, cilantro, and a spicy sriracha mayo.Check this place out. You won't be sorry!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,3/1/2013,8,29,2,8,4>While it's certainly not a craft bar, Alternative Brews is one of the best bars Buffalo has to offer. For one, they allow smoking inside due to a neat loophole in NYS law. So, if you have asthma or hate smoke, this probably isn't the place for you. I, for one, love a good smoky bar atmosphere and AB (being one of few bars that allows indoor smoking) certainly doesn't disappoint. Secondly, even though it's fairly close to UB, it was conspicuously absent of loud undergrads and/or herds of 21 year olds' trying to get "so trashed" on fishbowls and skittle shots. I'm not a huge fan of the music, but it's certainly an improvement over blaring club music. Props, Alternative Brews.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,2/28/2013,138,57,3,3,3>So glad I finally stopped in. I have also passed by this wonderful place without stopping in or fully noticing what it had to offer. My biggest weakness is sweets and I'm fine with that. Who doesn't love chocolate? Thanks to the previous review by @KatieP I became more aware of this place and what it had to offer.I had decided to stop by because I was having a major chocolate craving and when I drove by there was a spot open right out in front of the store (obviously a sign). I walked in and was pleasantly greeted. I looked around in amazement at all the different kinds of chocolate surrounding the store. There is a lot of variety. The sponge candy was the main item that I was looking for. I was pleasantly surprised to see other varieties such as white chocolate and peanut butter. Whether you like toffees or chocolate covered goodies or truffles, there is something for everyone's sweet tooth. The presentation is nice. Everything is clean and very well put together. The woman working behind the counter was very nice and pleasant. She was in the middle of making something when I had walked in which was nice to see. It's great to have a chocolate shop that makes its own chocolates so close to where I live. Needless to say, I will definitely be going back here soon!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,2/27/2013,131,134,,5,1>I moved to Buffalo a few months ago and was looking for a good, cheap barber shop since my hair is pretty simple and I don't put any maintenance into it. I found JP's House of Hair and I've been going ever since. Not only are his prices fair ($7 for a student!) but the owner is a super nice guy. He seems to be the only one cutting hair right now, but I haven't ever had to wait an extremely long time to get my hair cut as a walk-in, and you can make reservations. If you are looking for a solid barbershop and are on a budget this is a great place. It's also conveniently located near UB North Campus for all you college kids who are broke as a joke.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,2/26/2013,113,171,,3,3>The guys at Steel Crazy are absolutely fantastic!  While in the past, they had other locations, at Walden Galleria, and on Allen St, they now only have their warehouse location in Black Rock.  They are able to custom steel work for just about any occasion.   Having done work for local businesses like the Bills, Kiss 98.5, and Mighty, they definitely have made a name for themselves.  They do a lot of military tribute items, but my experiences with them has been for custom wedding gifts.  I had a lot of weddings this past summer, and every one I brought a custom piece of work from Steel Crazy.  I worked with the artist, Dennis, and he came up with great designs that my newly married friends can appreciate for years to come.  I did a wide range of steel designs from Disney, New York State, to Buffalos.   Dennis and the rest of the team made all of my tough deadlines, and were able to create great pieces within my budget constraints.  I'll be a customer of them for life.  Highly suggest to check them out for those "hard-to-buy gifts for" people.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,2/25/2013,9,25,4,3,1>Being a North Buffalonian, there are a lot of options for Pizza come Sunday. Zips is our pizza of choice at the apartment. We order a sheet and 50 wings just about every sunday. Reasonably priced and the food is consistent every time. They could cook the wings a couple minutes longer though. I like my wings a little more crispy. The pizza is solid though and they are usually pretty quick. If you are in the North Buffalo area, this needs to be your pizzeria. They are also open until 3am so if you are looking for a late night snack after hitting the bars on hertel you can stumble on down here for a huge slice of pie.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,2/24/2013,147,187,1,5,2>I lived literally around the corner from this place and didn't even know it existed!!  A coworker of my boyfriend's recommended we check it out.  Since then, we have now been here three different times.I am a big fan of the atmosphere...everything from the lighting, the bar ambiance, the correct amount and size of TVs, and the mood you feel when you walk in.  What I love most about this place, is that its not overly crowded, like 95% of your typical Elmwood Village bars and restaurants.  Every time we have visited (days and times have all varied) we were always able to immediately get a seat at the bar.  This is something I love and why I continue to return here.  I have a lot of other favorite spots around town, but if I walk in and can't get a seat at the bar it's a total bummer and I walk out to the next spot.The first two times we came here were just for drinks.  Satisfied with the drinks and service we returned a third time to watch a Sabre's Game and enjoy an appetizer along with our drinks.  We had been eying up the Banana pepper sausage fritters the first two times we came so we decided to go with that.  We were a little disappointed when we received it because it was burned.  I know fritters are supposed to be extra crispy, but I knew this was burned because I couldn't even taste the banana pepper or sausage.  I was only left with a burnt taste in my mouth, unless I scraped out the inside to taste separately.  Two different bartenders asked how our food was, and we explained to this to them.  They gave us each a complimentary drink to compensate.We will return again soon and maybe this time try different menu items.  The staff was very friendly and professional, which is always important.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,2/23/2013,10,107,3,4,4>I have passed this place many times on the way out towards Southgate plaza and have always been curious so I finally looked it up here on Yelp. I'm glad that I did because the rave reviews made me even more curious to check it out for myself. So when the opportunity to try a new Friday night dinner spot instead of our normal go-to's, I suggested trying Ebenezer! First off, when we got here we were told there was a 45 minute wait. Yikes. Since we had already set on eating here, we ended up giving our name and running up to Southgate to get a few errands done while we had to wait. We came back after about 40 minutes or so and were promptly seated. I have to say that honestly, I get pretty impatient about waiting, but in this case I'm glad we did and all things considered (Friday night, Lent Season, Sabres game on...), it wasn't a horrible wait. One of the few negatives I have to report of our experience tonight happened before we were even seated. As we were being directed to our table I tripped on the carpet that was curling up near our table. I didn't fall (thank god! haha), but I can definitely see this being dangerous! Also, when I looked down to see what I tripped on, I noticed the remains of a piece of bread on the floor. Gross! I brushed this off in hope that it wasn't a sign of bad things to come. I was definitely right because the rest of the night was spot on! We started off with drinks, and since Ebenezer offers an impressive selection of different beers, I of course ordered something as no-frills as can be: a Coors light. haha. The waitress told us it was on special tonight so we couldn't resist. I'm not a huge fan of many of the crazier beers out there anyways. I'll stick to my boring overrated domestic thanks. ;) Though my sister was very happy to see one of her favorites, Mckenzie Black Cherry Cider on their list and ordered it right away. I will note that I very much appreciate that Ebenezer has a website with their menu (INCLUDING PRICES) available because it really drives me crazy when places do not. I feel like there's really no excuse with how easy it is to make even a blog for free, that all restaurants should have a menu online. Since we had already perused the menu online, that definitely helped lessen the overwhelming feeling of their menu!I ended up choosing the Bruschetta burger, which my sister got the Ale House burger. Mom got the Betty sandwhich with a size of macaroni and cheese, and her boyfriend got the Ale House Rib eye. Descriptions from their menu: Bruschetta Burger -Prosciutto, fontinella, garlic roma salsa, pesto aioli, toasted ciabatta roll. Ale House Burger - Stout-caramelized onion, sauteed mushrooms, bacon,cheddar,buttered,grilled roll.The Betty - Sage-roasted turkey, bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, cranberry mayo, sourdough bread.Macaroni & Cheese - Smoked gouda,cheddar,parmesan,cream,prosciutto,pasta.Ale House Rib Eye - 16 oz . dry-rubbed hand-cut rib eye, Flying Bison Aviator Red-battered onion rings, roasted garlic smashed potatoes,veggie.It took quite a while for our food to arrive but when it did, we quickly realized that the wait was worth it! I tried my chips first and while some of them were a bit burnt, it definitely did not ruin them by any means. They had a unique flavor to them and were nice and crispy. Next up we all tried the macaroni and cheese. We noticed it on the entree section of the menu and they had us at the word prosciutto. Love. I like that they used penne for the dish, and the smoked Gouda added an awesome touch. However, it could have been a bit creamier. There were many pieces of pasta that were completely dry. Luckily the taste of the Gouda and prosciutto made up for that. The burgers...the first bite of my burger was an eye-opening experience. I will risk saying that of all the burgers I've had over the years, this has got to be the BEST. Or at the very least, in the top three. Perhaps it's just the Italian in me but this burger was a work of art. The ciabatta - toasted perfectly. The pesto aioli I would have eaten on it's own. The garlic roma salsa was delicious. Again, there was my love - prosciutto. Heaven on a bun. The only downside to how awesome this burger was is that I fear that the next time we venture here, I may just get the same damn thing. ;) I tried a bite of both the Ale House burger and the Betty, and both were spot on. Though I have to say the cranberry mayo on the Betty really made an impression on me. Delicious. I also tried a bite of the steak and even though it was done well done (I perfer medium), it still tasted great. Often times I feel that well done equals tasteless and dry. Not here. The steak was still as flavorful and juicy as it should be. I think that anyone who finds themselves in the area of Ebenezer Ale House needs to try this place out. It is truly a gem, especially for the area that does not boast all that much for great food. It was definitely worth the risk!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,2/22/2013,165,165,3,4,2>5 stars you're asking? Of course! Without describing every delicious, savory, mouth watering, decedent bite that I had, I'll just say...GO THERE if you want a great  meal and experience. Lisa our server was awesome, her attention to our table was without question the best I've ever had. Every time she passed our table, she glanced over to see what was going on. The timing between our initial drink and the app was perfect, between the app and entree, relaxing but not boringly long, the time between the entree and dessert..perfect, and there was no hurry to pick up the check. This type of service along with her outstanding knowledge of the menu and specials made for one of the best dinners I've had out in a very long time.  It's not cheap by any means but I don't mind paying a little more for a dinner that I thoroughly enjoyed from the lobster shrimp bisque right through to the coffee with dessert. Oh, just a note...people who go to nice restaurants should dress appropriately!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/20/2013,47,73,2,2,4>I noticed ever since I started coming here to buy donuts that if you mention Paula's in conversation to a long time Buffalonian, they immediately smile ear to ear and their eyes light up with a ravenous delight!  Yeah, this place knows donuts and does them better than anyone else in WNY. They have all the usual flavors and kinds of donuts you would expect, but they make them bigger and better than anyone else....also called Texas style donuts...and their prices are more than reasonable for what you get. There's also some unusual overstuffed creations that are very popular. The peanut cream has to be my all time favorite. A ginormous peanut donut stuffed to the max with white angel cream!   One morning I came here to pick up donuts for my fellow coworkers and realized they didn't have the peanut creams behind the counter. I was devastated at first, but then the friendly lady behind the counter said they were just filling a tray in the back and walked over to grab some fresh ones.  When I got back to the office to try one it was still warm and the angel cream was extra extra gooey as a result of its freshness....probably one of the best donuts I ever consumed in my life....Amazing!  My other favorite is the strawberry shortcake, a huge powdered donut stuffed with angel cream and strawberry jelly swirled in....Yummm!  During the holidays they carry some seasonal donuts, like the red velvet cake and/or the pumpkin spice.  If you're not sure what to order and would like to try a bunch of the cake donuts, order up some donut holes. And since their regular donuts are large in size, its only logical that the donut holes will be pretty big as well.  Even some of the honey glazed donut holes are filled with jelly, which can be a fun surprise when you bite into one. If you ever go to this original location during the crowded morning rush, don't worry if the line is long, because it moves pretty fast. There's usually three friendly women working one cramped register and they move through a coordinated donut grabbing ballet to get all the donuts your heart desires.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/19/2013,20,67,1,5,2>Let me start this review by saying I have never been to a yoga class and can't stand being hot.  With that being said, I have to give this studio 5 stars!  I did an intro series of 3 Sundays for beginners then signed up for the 10 days unlimited for $20.00 in this 90 degree studio - yes 90 degrees.  I am hooked - the teachers were all (I think I had all of them in various classes) were accommodating and patient with me.  I did advise them, as instructed to, to let them know I was a beginner and they made modifications with every pose they did.  The heat didn't bother me; in fact it felt good.  I will be trying other yoga studios in the area but this will be hard to beat!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/18/2013,53,94,4,12,7>A friend and I had the pleasure of dining at Perfetto during their soft opening and sampled firsthand the vision of what restaurateur Jason Haynes (Jay's Hilltop Bistro) has for this new addition to Main Street Buffalo.  And it's a beautiful vision.Perfetto is located in the 600 block of Main Street across from Shea's in what used to be the Ya Ya Bayou Brewhouse which closed its doors in 2005 and had lain dormant until it caught Jason's eye early last year.  The utilitarian, warehouse look of the old microbrewery has, after being in a chrysalis for 7 years, been transformed into the very unique and beautifully inviting interior of Perfetto.The interior: Subdued colors of cherry, walnut and oak, textures of brick, wood and glass, bright light and cozy shadow each convey a different feel in every part of the restaurant.  At Main Street, the entrance opens to a full service bar and spacious dining area accented with plasma screens from which patrons can experience Buffalo Bills football and (fingers crossed) Sabres hockey.To the left across from the bar is the private dining area complete with its own dedicated sound system which can host approximately 40 guests and is perfect for wedding parties, office celebrations, birthday bashes or ladies' night out adventures.More intimate dining can be experienced near the fireplace area where the ambiance of the fire and wall ensconced candle lighting can only bring diners closer together.  We were doubly impressed when our server extraordinaire, Corey, treated us to a beautiful Italian sonata at tableside.The sunken dining area and the adjacent "Eagles nest" (nickname) also provide different lighting and texture experiences as well as a view of the wine room where Jason intends to "stock our patrons' favorite wines so they're on hand when they want them".At the back of the restaurant, with easy access to the Washington Street entrance and parking, is the dining lounge which can be used for group gatherings or corporate functions.  The room is well lit, hosts comfortable seating and a 60 inch HDMI and Wi-Fi equipped display monitor for corporate Power Point demonstrations or nostalgic photo presentations at your family's anniversary or birthday celebration.  The Chemistry:Bar Manager Antonio has worked diligently to create cocktails for the restaurant's Specialty Drinks menu.  I requested their signature Perfetto Manhattan made with Amaroso Sheep's Dip Scotch Whiskey (there's a story behind that - ask) and found it to be the smoothest I've ever tasted.  Antonio promises to create more fantastic concoctions to impress us with.The Cuisine:   We went off menu and placed ourselves in the capable hands of award winning Chef Dana White (ex of The Mansion on Delaware) who prepared 5 courses for us:*Braised Oysters with Fennel Butter*Oxtail Ravioli with Tomato Cream Sauce*Box Insalata; Fresh cucumber and Heirloom Spinach topped with roasted Pine Nuts, Pomegranate seeds and Pomegranate and Apple Cider Vinaigrette*Chilean Sea Bass topped with Gulf Shrimp over Polenta with PEI mussels, green beans and butternut squash.*Crème Bruleé    The panoply of Chef Dana's creations - the fresh, balanced and intricate flavor and texture profiles - were delicious and enjoyable.  I wasn't left wanting; I was left  wanting MORE!  I plan to explore more of his menu creations as soon as I return.  Bravo Chef!Jason's Vision:"We're hoping that every time a diner comes to the restaurant they get a different experience."  In Italian perfetto means perfect; an ideal not easily attained but, at Perfetto, it is their constant goal.  Welcome to Main Street Perfetto!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,2/17/2013,72,331,1,2,4>The Blackthorn is a solid place to eat in South Buffalo. It has a great staff, above average food with below average prices in comforting pub style atmosphere. What more do you need. Wish I knew about it sooner.Went here on Saturday during dinner time with the family and had a great meal. When we first got in hostess said it would be a few minutes for a table. Figured I'd grab a beer while we wait. Noticed some good local beers on tap right away. (Southern Tier Pumking, Ellicottville Pale and Blueberry, Flying Bison Rusty Chain to name a few) So props there. Bar area is not too bad either; with some TV's playing sports games.Got seated quickly after getting a beer and went over the menu, had quite a few things I wanted to try (Shepard's Pie was one and heard their Beef on Weck is good too), but went with the Kev, which has corned beef and roasted turkey with melted cheese and onions on rye. It was a tasty. My wife on the other hand ordered the meatloaf sandwich and I have to say I was jealous after it came out as it looked sooooo good. Meatloaf, wrapped in bacon, with melted cheese and gravy on toast. Luckily she gave me a couple bites as it tasted even better than it looked. The gravy was really the topper for it. We also started with the beer cheese soup which was awesome, first time I had it with potato chunks which just makes an already hardy soup even hardier. Also my sandwich came with their jalapeno tater tots, which were delicious. I am not a jalapeno guy, so for me they were perfect, not spicy at all, but just a hint of flavor to them. For the kids we split some grilled cheese and chicken fingers. Even those came out cooked proper. Fingers were hot and crisp, with good breading. Grilled cheese was cooked nice and toasty. Sometimes when you order off kids menu, stuff comes out weak sauce, but the fact that even their food was as good as it was, tells me the people at the Blackthorn know what's up.Now stuff above would normally get four stars, but this place is slightly cheaper than some other places around town, and then they get a bump for how good our waiter was. Friendly, helpful and just totally on point with asking to get us anything right away, bringing soups, drinks and food all over quickly, while also treating other tables just as well from seeing him help them pick some stuff off the menu. All around fantastic job from him which I gave him a fat tip for. You'll definitely see me back here again.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,2/16/2013,126,349,10,9,10>theres-2-categories-of-people-who-should-visit-polish-villa-ii1-polish-people-who-miss-wigilia-and-swieconka-food-throughout-the-rest-of-the-year-and2-everyone-else-alivechef-eddie-the-gang-are-using-decades-old-recipes-that-are-tried-and-true-and-sure-to-warm-you-up-on-a-cold-night-everything-is-made-in-house-from-the-pierogi-to-the-smoked-and-fresh-kielbasa-with-the-perfect-amount-of-majeranek-to-the-desserts-nutella-raspberry-crepes-i-have-never-been-so-disappointed-that-a-meal-had-filled-me-to-the-brim-before-dessertthis-particular-evening-i-was-treated-to-an-array-of-polish-delights-first-the-stuffed-mushrooms-warning-these-are-so-rich-you-wont-even-feel-like-you-paid-for-them-then-one-of-the-newest-but-still-hit-close-to-home-menu-items-the-schvinky-fingers-tender-pieces-of-pork-coated-in-panko-and-served-with-plum-sauce-not-an-asian-plum-sauce-just-plum-and-a-thick-honey-mustard-then-the-pierogi-i-cant-say-enough-about-pierogi-it-is-the-worlds-most-perfect-food-we-tried-all-4-varieties-potato-kraut-wild-mushroom-with-goat-cheese-and-of-course-farmers-cheese-all-delicious-all-cooked-just-how-babcia-does-it-the-farmers-cheese-was-a-little-sweet-for-me-but-my-mother-and-sister-put-sugar-on-theirs-so-im-guessing-you-wont-mind-then-the-potato-pancakes-how-many-times-am-i-allowed-to-say-delicious-in-one-review-and-i-have-to-again-mention-the-smoked-kiebasa-seriously-i-did-not-try-a-goabek-myself-but-everyone-around-me-was-enjoying-them-and-i-found-very-little-remnants-of-them-on-their-plates-so-my-suggestion-after-this-long-winded-review-come-with-a-group-and-order-one-of-everything-polish-you-wont-regret-itmy-next-trip-to-the-villa-ii-will-be-for-sunday-brunch-its-995-and-includes-pastries-fresh-fruits-salads-sausages-eggs-ham-chicken-biscuits-crepes-french-toast-potato-pancakes-yeah-im-there-ps-this-place-should-cost-more-than-it-does-seriously-2-sausages-2-pierogi-a-goabek-kraut-potato-pancakes-soup-or-salad-and-fresh-baked-seedless-rye-bread-for-15-unreal
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/15/2013,27,140,2,6,3>This is probably my new favorite restaurant in Buffalo. The food was pretty good, but what I really liked was the service. Our waitress last night was probably one of the best servers I've had in a long time. I wish I could recall her name and ask for her next time because she really is the Atlas carrying the 5 star rating. :)What I really liked about her was she was friendly, attentive, and she was awesome at suggesting what to order. Too often when you ask a server which is better, they'll say, "They're both good!" And then you're left with, okay...that doesn't help me decide at all. Ours did exactly what I love. It was between the M'jadra and the Shrimp Souvlaki, and she just went right ahead and recommended what she thought tasted better, the Shrimp Souvlaki, but then she said if you want something warm and full, the M'jadra was the better choice. Since it was hella cold outside, my boyfriend went with the M'jadra and he really liked it.He then asked her what she thought of the Falafel Sandwich. He and I both cringed when we saw it because it has mozzarella cheese on it. It's totally not traditional to put cheese on falafel, and it would be like putting mozzarella cheese on your fish fry; however, she sold us on it. She talked about how she didn't think it would be very good either, and how she always stuck with the falafel wrap because it's more traditional, but on an urge she tried the sandwich and she has never gone back. She told us if you like mozzarella with hot sauce that we'd really like it, and we both like mozz and hot sauce, so I think I'm definitely ordering the falafel sandwich next time we go.This is how excited I am about this place, I'm already thinking of going back and I already know what I'm going to order! :DI ordered the Gyro Sandwich, and it was pretty good as restaurant gyro sandwiches go. It wasn't greasy and the lamb had some flavor to it. They were light on the sauce, but I'm sure if you ask for more they'd be more than willing. What was amazing, and I'm so happy I ordered it with it was the spicy potatoes. Holy crap they were like crack! I was in spicy potato heaven, and even though I was full to my stomach, I ate every last bite. I think I could eat a whole plate of spicy potatoes and call that dinner, it was sooo good!We also ordered the Falafel starter, and I thought they were really good. I noticed someone said they didn't like them, and I'm wondering why. They were very crispy, with a hard outer shell. I also liked how they were shaped, which was cone shaped instead of ball. They were super tasty, and not greasy at all. I also liked that they gave warm pita and some sort of tomato salsa to eat them with. I really liked it!Oh, by the way, Mezza has some pretty awesome looking martinis and mixed drinks:MezzatiniCoconut vodka and pineapple juice with a splash of cranberry and orange juice.Green Tea MartiniCitrus Vodka with Mezza's own Green Tea blend.Silver MargaritaSilver Tequila, lemonade, triple sec and lime juice.to name a few...My boyfriend ordered the Green Tea Martini, and I tried a sip. It wasn't sweet like I thought it was going to be. It was like mixing the flavor of regular green tea and martini. I really liked it personally.I ordered the lemonade, and it was amazing! I think they may make it homemade because before it came, I heard the bartender shaking a drink. Yum! I loved it, and if you're a non-alcohol drinker, I definitely recommend the lemonade.I'm sad to say we skipped the desserts, so I can't give a full review. With the falafel and the gyro sandwich, I was pretty full. I am interested to check out the desserts some other time. If they are as good as the rest of the meal, I'm sure I'll love them! :DFinal result...5 out of 5! I kept thinking the whole time how much better this place is than other restaurants in Buffalo. I seriously can't wait to go back!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/14/2013,47,60,1,3,2>Gelato...get some now...no time to explainGet it from these folks as they do it right, creatively and with some care. Be adventurous and give their whims a taste. I work with a couple of folks and occasionally we like to department treat and like any group there are divergent palates and Dolci is one of the few places were everybody is happy. All the cupcakes are vegan and amazingly do not taste like they are made of particle board. Worth your while, trust me. Also, a good egg sandwich is something you don't find at donut chains (those are passable). The good folks at Dolci make a keeper, but for the moment...Gelato...get some now...no time to explain
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/13/2013,136,280,,6,2>I just came back from one of my absolute best lunch experiences - and amazingly, it was at The Chocolate Bar!The service was fantastic - very professional without being stiff.  We were addressed quickly, food arrived promptly, and we were never left wanting for anything.As we neared completion of our meal (me: Buffalo Chicken Cobb Salad - huge and delicious; friend: gorgonzola flatbread), the waitress brought out chocolate fondue in a martini glass, with two little plates for each of us.  Each plate had a marshmallow, a pretzel, a vanilla wafer and a strawberry for dipping! How incredible! The chocolate was delicious and perfect for dipping.I can't wait to come back for lunch again.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,2/11/2013,26,122,3,3,4>I am a slightly embarrassed Canadian. I dragged my husband on a tour of Buffalo looking for this place because I thought it was, you know, a T&T Supermarket. Like the ones we have in Canada. Also known as Chinese Loblaws since it was bought out by Weston's. It's not, but it's still awesome. This is more like the little streetside markets on Spadina, for you Torontonians, like Hua Long or Grant's. It's a bit dark and has that clean-fishy smell, and is full of narrow aisles with products stacked up in their shipping boxes. Lots of meat and fish sit on ice in open freezers. All of the produce is beautiful, although by Thursday afternoon there wasn't a whole lot available. I snagged a big bag of gorgeous gai lan broccoli.It's not all Chinese food. Highlights of my grocery basket include tteok, sambal oelek, and a giant bottle of mirin. I wish I hadn't bought rice at Tops, because that meant I didn't get to buy rice here. Hubby drags me on lots of car adventures, so he didn't mind, especially because he found a can of some really nice fragrant jasmine tea. (If anyone knows the difference between the jasmine tea in the green can and the jasmine tea in the blue can, let me know.)Sadly it's too far out of my way to go here often, but if I happen to be up that way again I'll stop in. Note to self, go here after the art gallery.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/10/2013,13,63,6,3,4>if Guy Fieri had a clue, he would have visited and featured this place a loooooong time ago.  if you're looking for simple and delicious food cooked well in exchange for an unbelievably fair price point, get to Vizzi's on kenmore ave...before the word continues to spread and the average table wait sky rockets here too.my sexy beast and i finally decided to make Vizzi's our dinner destination last night after hearing such phenomenal word of mouth about this unassuming, tiny bar/grill in the village where we reside.  first things first:  you might find yourself surprised upon entering the establishment, because it is NOT nearly as 'dive bar' as you would expect judging from the exterior.  once inside this cozy neighborhood establishment, you are met with kind and friendly faces, either saddled up to the bar with their spirits or seated comfortably in the dining area.  we were promptly greeted and seated with zero wait at the busiest part of the evening dinner rush.  we decided upon two half pound mushroom cheeseburgers, accompanied by fresh cut french fries (*doing my touchdown dance for fresh cut french fries*).  our waitress could not be friendlier or more adept at her job.  we waited a mere 15 minutes for our burgers, which arrived in front of our gaping, drooling gullets perfectly cooked to our order specifications, and monstrously huge.  i wish i could say i feel sorry about not taking a moment to snap a picture of my plate before digging in, just to show y'all the yummy aura that surrounded this burger, but i'm not.  we both dug right in and were blown away by the tenderness, juiciness, and tastiness of this burger.  for once, someone gets that a burger is more than just a wad of unseasoned, charred ground beef!  and the toppings!  my god, the toppings!  the mushrooms were clearly sauteed and seasoned with care (i could still taste the wine reduction in the saute), and the fixings were crisp and fresh.and now, i would like to take a moment to acknowledge the wonderful line cook who prepared my fresh cut, freshly fried french fries -- sir, i think i love you.  marry me. my fiance is ok with it, and he completely understands. you have made gustatory love to my taste buds, and i will never forget one crispy moment of that evening.  i cannot wait until next we meet...seriously, for less than $25.oo, the man and i had two drinks, two amazingly well executed, high quality burgers, and enjoyed fantastic service.  i love when a restaurant gets it -- Vizzi's knows what it does best, and it sticks to it, making certain to deliver a consistent product to its patrons at an incredibly fair price point.  can't help but respect the hell out of that, and so the Daddyo and i will most certainly be back.  AND, i can't wait to try that mile high beef on weck i saw drift past my table twice last night...
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,2/9/2013,82,198,2,5,4>I'm ashamed to say I lived in Black Rock nearly 3 years before trying this "local favorite." This small, hole in the wall diner in an awesome brick building (which also hosts Manar's) has surpisingly ample seating and good food for it's tiny, non-descript interior. For anyone who has lived in a small town, as I have, Angie's has that old school "we use it 'til it falls apart" vibe that many mom'n'pop businesses have - nothing in it is modern, updated or "fashionable." However, it's clean, with super friendly service and very reasonable prices. I first came to Angie's attending an Eat Local dinner to benefit the Black Rock Grassroots garden (at Dearborn & Hamilton). It was EXCELLENT - they started us with a fresh-veggie heavy house salad, finger foods and coffee for those who wanted it. Then the hot buffet was put out - the house-made salisbury steak with mushroom gravy was TO DIE FOR; moist baked chicken, stuffing, ziti with delicious sauce that was just the right sweetness and thickness, a seasoned vegetable medley and pineapple upside down cupcakes for dessert rounded out the meal. I was absolutely shocked at how fresh and down-home all the food was, so I came back again with a mate for breakfast. For a measly $7 I got a huge glass of chocolate milk, two GIANT pieces of kielbasa (I swear, like 7 inches long each...no phallic jokes folks), eggs, and a stack of wheat toast. My bf got a grilled cheese and this amazing house-made chicken and gnocchi soup that was on the specials board for around $5-6 total. The soup was so good I got a bowl to go after tasting his and later in the day savored every mouthful. I can't wait to go back, but shhh, don't tell my favorite diner, Emily's, I'm cheating on them. They do take reservations for special events - like their occasional brunch buffets or holiday dinners - but I'm unsure if they do it all the time. Cash only. I'd also like to add the manager, Mary Ann, donated baked goods and a gift certificate to Believe in Black Rock's bake sale without hesitation. They are always quick to get involved with neighborhood events.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,2/8/2013,20,21,3,6,3>My new favorite Indian place in the city! 5 of us went there a week or so ago some of us for the first time (myself included). A couple of us were gluten-free, several were also dairy-free and we even had a vegan (we managed to cover all bases with that group). Our waiter was super nice and very accommodating to us, he did a wonderful job explaining all of the dishes, offering to sub coconut milk for cream in a few dishes, etc.  We each ordered a dish we could all eat and shared it all family style, each dish was better than the next! The food was all very flavorful, properly spiced, super fresh and SUPER delicious. I have already been back since for takeout and it was equally as yummy!! Oh and it's BYOB... MAJOR bonus! I will be going here a lot!Favorites: Baingan Bhartha (the best!!!)Vegetable Xacuti (we ordered without the meat so it could be vegan)Vegetable Makhani (I ordered it with coconut milk instead of cream)
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,2/7/2013,61,48,16,8,7>I often imagine this happening behind the scenes as Bob and John's... picture it:  A lone, cheese and pepper pizza, sitting silent on top of the oven, sighs from the wait.  Suddenly, out of nowhere, an order of spicy barbeque wings lands on top of him!  Crispy and delicious, he taunts the pizza with a snarl, "You think they will want to eat you instead of me?  Fat chance, grease ball!"But, alas, the pizza stops himself, catches his anger and humbly bows down.  "Wings, I would not be as filling a meal without you.  But know this - a combination of our two worlds is what brings justice to those hungry, hungry hearts."The world stops for just a moment.  A small girl comes in, slightly drunk even after her two block walk to Lahacienda.  She inches a twenty towards the man at the counter.  This is her order.  These are her moments.  Those brothers, combined into a super machine of deliciousness, fall into her arms.Everything is right with the world.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/6/2013,116,274,,7,7>Sometimes the experience alone makes or breaks a review. That being said, I would like to tell you about mine. But first, the wings here are probably one of the best in Buffalo and the food is always great. The service here is really exceptional and very upbeat and always has been. I went shopping on Xmas Eve and bought a few things. One of them was a bottle of Chloe Intense from Lord & Taylor ($106).  I mistakenly left it in the bathroom for about 10 minutes. When I finally realized what I had done I went back in the bathroom only to find an empty bag. Nobody turned it into the store or lost and found of course. You would think that they would being Xmas and all. The perfume was also gift wrapped so they didn't even know what they took. Needless to say I was extremely upset.Suddenly, two waitress approached me, one named Lauren and the other Kelly. They felt so bad for me that they had put together a collection of tips from everyone working to give to me to put towards repurchasing my gift. I was so shocked that I could have broken them when I hugged them. I went from a super low to almost being in tears and I had to hug them again then leave. I know that experience will not be the same for everyone but again, their food is always great and the service has always been exceptional. And, the wings and chorizo poutine are off the hook. Don't forget about the blue moon in tall frosty glasses.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,2/5/2013,20,81,3,5,2>This is one of those places where people told me I need to eat, it's also one of those places where mysteriously I've been for many drinks, but never ate.  I decided to act like a normal functioning human being and eat with someone else, so I brought my friend who always adds to the party.  Once she got there we grabbed a quick drink at the bar.  After a few minutes we sat down and ordered what she calls "C$#ks and Apps", not my phrase, but I love it none the less.  We both just had wine, so it's not officially a cocktail, but just go with me.  We both knew right away that we wanted eggplant wings and spinach balls.   I actually think that these two items were some of the best appetizers I've ever had in Buffalo.  The "wings" actually tasted better then most chicken wings, and the spinach balls were at another level.  By the time our entrees arrived we were kind of full, but our fat asses trekked on.  We both ordered lasagna with a meatball.  It was 100 times better then something you would get elsewhere, but honestly the appetizers were so good that the lasagna paled in comparison.  The service was awesome, but I know the people so I'm biased.  Everything arrived perfectly timed and my drink was never empty.  I can't wait to go back and try some specials, but what I really want to do is grab a few friends and order every app and drink on the menu.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,2/4/2013,90,142,14,8,7>Who is Chef 2/2???Much like John Galt in Atlas Shrugged, for years I have heard Chef 2/2's name whispered around Buffalo in hushed reverent tones.  It started with murmurings of magical dinner parties at Chef 2/2's home which one needed a special invite to obtain.  I'm still waiting for my personal invite to arrive, I'm sure it was lost in the mail somewhere.  Then I heard his name associated with O Bar and Lounge on Sheridan Drive in Amherst where almost every Saturday night I'd get hammered on unfiltered Sake, served in the cutest decanter, while enjoying live music in a very blue room.  Of course, I never saw the Chef leave the kitchen so the arcane Chef 2/2 remained a mystery.Then one auspicious evening while sipping on a 23 year old Pappy Van Winkle's at Vera (and loving every minute of it), I overhear John the bartender speak of my John Galt, i.e. Chef 2/2.  This is when I first learned of the recently opened Kaydara.  Then of course, I asked myself did someone really open a restaurant named after the French homage to the Matrix.  Of course I decided to take the red pill, jump into the rabbit hole and chase down my John Galt.Rushing down to Kaydara as quick as I could, we were quickly greeted by the owner, Jennifer Laban full of nervous energy and seemingly needing to be in control of every aspect of her enterprise.  Frankly, the woman gave me anxiety watching her work.  In the distance I spied my white whale afar, working away in the kitchen.  It seems that fate deemed this was not the proper time to confront my Moby Dick.  Call me Ismael.  I was tucked away in a far corner of the restaurant, after enjoying a unique Soju Cocktail (which of course due to some legal bumbling they recently lost their liquor license...if they went to the best lawyer in town, i.e. humbly yours truly, this grievous mistake would never have occurred).As usual, when I am excited about a restaurant I order just about all that will fit on the table.  My beautiful fiancee and I feasted, and EVERYTHING we ate was delicious.  We started with the Sundae Salad made with house made vanilla oil and orange vinegar and it was absolutely refreshing and lite.  We had two types of noodle dishes, wok braised broccoli, but the kick-ass OMG dish of the evening was the spicy black bean pork ribs.  While pork ribs are always the sh*t in and of themselves, Chef 2/2's black bean sauce was out of this world.  However, as I sat in a very far corner away from the action, I kept looking longingly at the people sitting at the bar around the kitchen area.  After some prodding, and with the promise to get some Vera cocktails shortly thereafter, I once again took my fiancee back to Kaydara, on a slow and very cold Saturday evening in December.  I asked to be sat at the kitchen counter.  What followed was soon to be one of the finest meals I would eat that year.  As soon as I sat I knew this would be a remarkable evening.  A man sitting next to us (a fellow customer and friend of the Chef) was crushing various spices in the largest working mortar and pestle I've ever set my eyes upon.  The Chef was making this guy help him create his own meal.  I loved it!  When the Chef finally greeted us, and I finally confronted my very own John Galt, he asked me what I wanted and I stammered.  How could I tell the ghost I've been chasing, who's culinary prowess was the thing of legend in my circles what I wanted to eat.  I then realized that Chef 2/2 has an amazing emphatic sense, he read my mind, took my menu, crumpled it up and threw it into the distance.  My fiancee and I were clay in his hands to be molded by his culinary wonders.  Chef 2/2 prepared everything right in front of us, hand rolling his fresh rolls and spring rolls.  This was followed up by some of the finest pho I've ever eaten.  He sensed (never asked mind you) that my fiancee did not like her meat as raw as I did so he cooked hers a little longer.  Take that Jiro...2/2 dreams of Pho.  He actually fed us the first sip of our soup to see if it was to our liking.  At one point, while he was enjoying the fruits of his friend's labor at the mortar and pestle, he got up and instructed us on the proper way to eat the soup, which I had been doing wrong all of these years.  This guy was in my head, much like Neo in the Matrix who ironically Kaydara tries to kill, and I loved it.  The meal ended with an espresso creme brûlée with overtones and undertones, and all other sorts of tones which made it absolutely wonderful.  Chef 2/2 has the instincts of a Buddhist monk, and the skill and passion of David Chang, without his gruff assholeishness.  While the owner is a bit much, and the restaurant is in dire need of a better exhaust system, the food is some of the best I have ever eaten.  Unlike Ayn Rand at the end of Atlas Shrugged, I won't rant for 200 pages recanting my theme, but instead will urge you to take the red pill and open your eyes to yet another manifestation of the Buffalo Renaissance.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,2/3/2013,43,196,3,2,2>It use to be you could tell a good Mexican Food Restaurant by the types of chips they serve because they use to be made in house.  Now I think EVERYONE orders from the same supplier because they were great, but the food wasn't.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  Portions were good sized, I can never finish because I stuff myself with chips and salsa.  Queso, I forgot to try the queso, now THAT is how you tell a good Mexican restaurant. I'll have to try it next time, because yes I will be returning.   I might even have a Margarita since I saw they made them from scratch, none of that gross mix!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,2/2/2013,36,63,3,3,4>Tomatillo Pork, people. Tomatillo. Pork. I love pretty much anything coming out of Lloyd that has the tomatillo pork, it is so perfectly married with all of the flavors Lloyd is dishing out. My usual is the pork taco or pork burrito (with extra cabbage, love that crunch!). And OHHH, the pickled red onions!! YUM. So, I have also had the beef, which I prefer only on the Tricked-out Nachos. My husband goes for the chicken burrito every time, but I just don't love it as much as, well you know, the pork. Every time there is a special I try to get it and have thus sampled the  Lengua(tongue)- very good, the "Big Lloyd"- very good but I'm not gunna sugar coat this, it hurt my intestines (as expected with a Big Mac like burrito, I mean c'mon!), the Skinny Thai- one of my favorites, and El Pastor- LOVE. I was also lucky enough to sample a shaved steak taco that was delicious, flavored and cooked to perfection (I just don't remember the official name).I don't drink soda, but my husband is crazy about all of the Jarritos flavors they have. I do love there seasonal Mexi (recently re-named from Aztec?) Coco. It has that yum-yum Mexi spice to it, really hits the spot on a cold one.Every truck employee I have encountered so far on the OG or Dos has been ridiculously friendly and has gone above and beyond in service, including making 'special' cheese quesadilla's for my 3year old. AND on occasion, when they're not too busy, I have been blessed with a Big Boy Quesadilla special- Ah-meh-ZING!LASTLY, I had them cater an event at my home. At first I thought the prices were too high, but after I got the food (and amazing service) I realized I wasn't paying for quantity but quality. Delivery was on-time and set up was flawless. I'd do it again for sure.  So, you get that I love Lloyd.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,2/1/2013,96,50,1,5,5>Gertie's has updated its menu and its hours are expanded somewhat. There is less of an emphasis on burgers and similar fare, and an entire page of proper entrees is now on offer. Dinner is served Thursday - Saturday, and it's now open Sundays for breakfast/brunch. They also do 1/2 price wine bottle specials on selected nights, and occasional German specials. The only one of the new entrees we tried was the penne in a gorgonzola cream sauce. It's comfort food to the nth degree, and the sharp cheese was crumbled on top of the dish, which was brought piping hot - after a few moments, the cheese melted into the sauce and the whole dish was brimming with green cheesy goodness. The release of the new menu brings a new round of things to try - I'm especially eager to give the deep dish pizza a shot. We're very lucky to have this place in the 4 corners.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,1/31/2013,26,72,,9,4>Most people know Butterwood for its decadent deserts, but Butterwood Sweet and Savory, located in the Hotel Lafayette, goes way beyond deserts, and hits a home run! The space itself, which used to be a speakeasy, is elegant and classic, and definitely stays true to its prohibition-era roots. This comes through at the bar, where the lovely bar staff, Charlie and Cara, mixed us up some killer cocktails like a basil gimlet, dark and stormy, and red pepper tarragon tequila martini. They make all of their infusions, syrups, and drink components in house, and that definitely comes through in the flavors and freshness of the cocktails.  We also sampled some of their inventive pizza offerings:  an ahi tuna and blue cheese pizza and a sweet, and savory truffle and duck confit pizza. Both were delicious, had a perfect crust, and a great balance of flavors. True to the restaurant's name, each pizza had elements of sweet and savory. This theme runs through the rest of the menu, which features pizzas, small plates, and very inventive entree offerings. With plans to serve brunch, a stellar bar, and a happy hour with 1/2 off pizzas, I can see myself  becoming a regular. I almost forgot the best part, a full service bakery for those who can't pass up on desert!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,1/30/2013,41,23,2,7,4>Burger any way you like it + Waffle Fries + Beer EVERY TIME. Sorry Grover's - you may have an excellent fish fry, but Rock Bottom has the best beef patty in all the land. I came here for lunch with the ladies and we were not too shy to order a table full of meaty goodness. I order mine with lots O toppings. Tobacco onions are these frizzle fried strings of heaven. The mushrooms are sauteed to perfection and their bun is as fresh as can be. The waffle cut fries are crispy with just enough salt. The beer selection is decent too. I went with EBC Blueberry on my last trip but I usually opt for a draft. The prices here can't be beat - a meaty gourmet burger, fries and beer won't set you back much. I hate to keep spreading the word because I really want this to be one of those secrets I keep up my sleeve for really special people.....but I can't help it. They have the bestest burger in all the land!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/29/2013,13,33,2,3,2>When I was still living in Buffalo, my landlord mentioned to me that she always shops at Animal Outfitters, and that I should give it a try.  We decided to take our dogs together, and since then, I have been happy that I did.  The shop is on Elmwood, but it is far enough away from the usual congested shopping areas that I have never had an issue parking near it.  The owner, Omar, is just great.  He always seems to remember me, even if I haven't been there in a long time.  I know he special-orders items for my landlord quite often, so if there is something that you want to get for your pet, I think he would probably do his best to get it for you.  Most recently, I went to the store this past Saturday because I heard that you could bring your dog to meet Santa and get pictures taken.  It ended up being so much fun!  Omar was dressed up as Santa, and they hired a photographer to take digital photos of dogs on Santa's lap, and then you could choose which photo you wanted from the many that they took.  It was such a fun, unique way to kick off the holiday season.  The one and only complaint I have is that it can be a little more expensive than the chain pet stores, but then again, that is generally what one expects from local businesses, and they do have many items that I never see in the chain stores.  The service level more than makes up for the price difference!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,1/28/2013,51,39,1,6,3>Forget everything you've been told: not Duff's, not Anchor Bar, but Nine-Eleven is home of the BEST wings in Buffalo! Hands down! I have tried wings elsewhere, and frankly I have been unimpressed. I have just never been wowed by them. I never understood why people get so crazy about wings.Then we went to Nine-Eleven. Unfortunate name, but woah. I get it now, folks, I really do. These wings were good sized, crispy, but not dry. You could taste the butter. The sauce, delish. I finally understood why people love wings so much. And the fries---you guys, I don't usually get excited about fries. They're one of those foods that I will probably pick at if placed in front of me, but won't go out of my way to specifically eat them. But these fries are amazing. A huge plate for under $4, and they are somehow infused with a delicious garlic flavor that had us wanting more. It's a small space, and when we walked in the majority of the tiny dining area was taken up by a large group celebrating a family birthday. They knew the waitress very well, and even though it took our order a little while to come out because of it, it gave the place a more friendly ambiance, like it was everyone's neighborhood spot. The waitress was nice and apologized for the wait in our orders, but she kept our waters and beers filled, so we didn't really mind.Bottom line, when I have visitors come from out of town, I'm bypassing all the other usual wing joints and driving to Nine-Eleven to introduce people to wings done right.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,1/27/2013,1,14,3,4,3>I cannot say enough good things about this little restaurant. This is by far the best Chinese takeout I have had in a very long time. Their food is always fresh and warm and never greasy.  The staff is friendly and they are open to making substitutions if needed to satisfy your individual tastes. The restaurant is a standard takeout establishment, but has a modest and clean dining area. On my last visit I did peek and see the kitchen and it is probably the cleanest and most organized kitchen I have seen at a Chinese takeout restaurant. Their delivery is also very prompt. I have never had to wait more than a half an hour for a delivery from Wok and Roll.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,1/26/2013,77,131,3,2,2>I started going to Trina's over 2 years ago.  I stopped in for breakfast with a friend based on the online reviews.  The waitstaff were friendly, provided prompt service, and my coffee cup was filled the entire time I was there.  The food is good, basic, plentiful and cheap.  The following week, I returned on Saturday morning for breakfast and was surprised when the waitress (Emily) greeted me by name and welcomed me back.  I was impressed and started making this a regular weekend breakfast spot - often bringing a crew of hung-over/sleepy friends and taking up their large circular booth.  Whether the group was 1 or 10, we always received great service.A little over a year ago we stopped going to Trina's.  It had become a running joke because every time we went it seemed like they had run out of something critical.  One week it was bacon (they ran to the store), another week there was no milk, no juice and no jelly, and there was even a week with no straws.  When the owner started training her daughter as a cook, we decided to find another breakfast spot with more consistent food quality.  Yesterday was my first time back since December 2011.  Aside from the fact that their paper place mats are from a completely different restaurant in upstate NY, Trina's seems to have finally worked out the kinks.  I didn't catch a glimpse of who was cooking, but the food was good, the portions were still huge, and Emily still greeted me by name.  I also didn't notice that they were out of anything.I'm putting this restaurant back on my brunch rotation, if only because Emily remembered me after a year of being gone.  You can't find that level of service at just anywhere.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/25/2013,57,144,,5,2>I LOVE having the ability to walk in and custom design an individual cupcake for myself. You see, I'm not a big sweets person. So when I get a craving for a good cupcake, I do not want to buy a box of 4 or 6 mediocre grocery store cupcakes. The extras will just get thrown out. So I'm happy to pay a similar price for one delicious cupcake customized to my liking.I chose two mini cupcakes on this visit. I went with the red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting as well as an eggnog (seasonal) cupcake with their Vanilla Italian Meringue Buttercream frosting. Both were great but I really loved the red velvet with cream cheese frosting.This is a custom design cake shop. In my opinion, the cupcake bar is there for you to come in and sample, encouraging future custom orders. There is only one booth for sitting; so it's not really a dine-in place. I wouldn't go there expecting to hang-out so much as pick-up a tasty treat to go.They offer vegan cupcakes as well.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/24/2013,19,182,2,23,3>W E L C O M E   B A C K   C A P T A I N ' S  C O V E  ! ! ! New & Improved, new owners, new menu, with some old favorites, and the only thing they kept was the fabulous cook, Tony.After month's of waiting, the sign outside changed from coming soon to NOW OPEN.  I turned my car around and was glad I did.For many years this building has been crying for a facelift and gone was the old 70's red and burnt orange and hello beautiful soothing ocean blue tones.As I walked in, I heard they were open for three days.  Nobody crying, nobody yelling. Shiny new paper menus with some new yummy changes. I read the menu three times, trying to decide, there were just so many delicious possibilities!If your partner prefers something other than seafood, there is steak and  and chicken or the traditional Beef on Weck and a children's menu selection, one price for all with a drink included.The prices went up to keep up with the times, 12.99 for a haddock fish fry, but that seems to be the going rate at all my favorite stops.I ordered Caribbean Coconut Shrimp with Pina Colada Sauce and the 10 oz Haddock Fish Fry to go.While I waited for my order, I was able to talk to a couple owners for a bit.  They are listening to what people have to say and are in process of designing some family packs and hope to have them available in a couple weeks.  Yay!The coconut shrimp was so succulent I wanted to cry and wished it would last forever.  The fish filet was generous and fresh cut fries, a very welcome change from so many frozen fry joints out there. That's the deal breaker for me.  There are desserts on the menu for far less dollars than the competition is offering.I predict a lively and steady business with so much of the better than before the crew has to offer.Good Luck and see you soon!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/23/2013,12,82,4,4,2>I have only had a few items from this tiny little place in Tonawanda, but I plan to keep coming back for more! I had various items such as spicy shredded potatoes, double fried spicy pork, orange beef and the seaweed eggdrop soup. My favorite dish would have to be the double fried spicy pork because was pure sex in my mouth. It just had everything you wanted from a deep fried pork dish and of course I love anything spicy. The Orange beef wasnt anything too spectacular for me, maybe it was an off day, but it was really dry. The shredded potatoes were spicy and really kind of on the raw side - maybe cook them a little longer? My least favorite was the soup. I just feel like it needed something to it.I'm clearly not a homestyle chinese food connoisseur so I recommend taking the trip out and see what this place is all about
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,1/22/2013,82,148,4,6,3>Dear Shish Kabab Express,You are my oasis in a city otherwise woefully lacking in Middle Eastern food.You have opened the eyes of my sister to a whole new avenue of cuisine.Why are there so few lamb options on your menu?Why must you spike your hummus with crack?  I fear that you will make me fat on your delicious food.Alex- - -All joking aside, Shish Kabab Express is the best affordably priced Middle Eastern spot in Buffalo and an anchor in a predominantly Middle Eastern block of Hertel Avenue.  I am crossing my fingers that Buffalo diners wise up to what a treat they have here and make their patronage and their favor known.The hummus, though not as thick or as rough as I generally prefer, is delicious.  Destroying this appetizer, my sister and I couldn't even fathom eating entrees.   We wanted more hummus.  MOAR.  MOAR!!  While I haven't tried their beef dishes or falafel dishes yet (and will amend my review once I do), the chicken tikka and shawarma were each seasoned and cooked about as well as chicken can be cooked.  If you order a sandwich, be sure to order yours in a samoon instead of a pita, as the homemade bread is delicious and a great compliment to the smoky flavor of their meat.The interior of the store is sparse but tasteful and efficient.  Get your meal to go if you'd like, or you can sit down quite comfortably.  While I was there, I saw that even a large family of eight was accommodated at the tables in front.  Service is efficient and prompt, if basic.  The restaurant does have a TV located on the back wall, tuned to football today, and the store does provide free WiFi.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/21/2013,13,65,1,5,3>On a recent Thursday evening I enjoyed the incredible ten course Omakase dinner at Mike A's Steakhouse in the newly renovated Lafayette Hotel. There were three of us and, as required, the entire table had the same dinner for which we had made reservations. We were all totally blown away but let me get this out of the way: it's a bit pricey (but well worth it). $175 with wine pairings and $125 without. We skipped the wine as there was work the next morning! As course after course came out we were more and more intrigued. The amuse bouche was a radish with a buttery pudding that was crunchy, sweet and delicious. Next came a really good Wagyu beef tartare dish. There was a foie gras that was so rich it tasted like a dessert. The onion soup croquette is an unusual and interesting take on French onion soup.  A lamb chop "lolly pop" served with farm veggies was my favorite while my son and daughter-in-law liked the Peking duck. It was perfectly prepared; crunchy skin, medium rare, savory, and tender. I'm leaving out several courses, including two fantastic desserts, followed by French press coffee. Whew! A nice surprise was a visit from the talented young chef Edward Forster. We ended the evening by looking around the beautifully restored lobby and bar.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/19/2013,268,183,2,5,4>I LOVE PANO'S! There are moments when my friends and I are craving fries where ain't no McDonald's or Burger King can satisfy. WE WANT PANO'S FRIES. Something about those fresh, crispy, crunchy medium-sized steak fries that makes them so irresistible. I have yet to explore other menu options, but I am so in love with their soulvaki dinner (gyro, beef, chicken, lamb-- All are delicious!). It comes with a Greek salad, half pita bread, and a side of your choice (GET THE FRIES).  Pano's is an absolute Elmwood favorite. It's one of the larger restaurants, too, with two stories and a bar. There's also non-Mediterranean options if someone in your party just isn't feeling the Greek. The staff is super friendly and excellent with customer service. Always had a great experience at Pano's!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,1/18/2013,8,5,,4,2>Wanted to try sushi for the first time and a friend suggested Fuji Grill on Maple.  I'm really glad I took her suggestion.  The waitress we had was EXTREMELY patient and very helpful, since I had no idea what anything was on the menu, or what I would like.  Between the two of us we ordered one california roll, one crunchy spicy shrimp, one crunchy spicy crab, one alaskan, and one oceans 13.  I was very impressed with our dinner, and the oceans 13 was heaven!  We liked Fuji Grill so much we ended up coming back for a late lunch the next day.  The prices are very reasonable and the staff are all very kind.  If you're thinking of trying this place out, do it!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/17/2013,100,241,3,2,3>This review is way overdue. I haven't really been to Tea Leaf lately, but the last time I went - it was pretty good. I finally got to try the avocado bubble tea that has been evading me for the longest time and it was good. The bubbles were nice and soft - almost too soft actually, but when the cold drink makes them a little harder - they were perfect.I think the thing that really turns me on about this place is that the owners really care about this place and take all the reviews into consideration as one of the owners contacted me to try Tea Leaf again with a bubble tea on the house. Things like that really make my heart smile because it means that they genuinely care. :)And just to make sure that things were not skewed because they knew who I was - I did go there the week after to order the same thing and it was just as good! I do think that they need to work a bit on their flavors because some of them are still ehh.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/16/2013,79,93,3,3,2>The ambiance and cocktails get 4 stars. It's got a laid back, wood-modern industrial look going to it.  The servers were friendly; we did go at 5 pm before the weekend dinner rush. But....yes there had to be a "but"..... if you searching for Neapolitan Pizzeria, keep looking.  The pizza is definitely not baked in wood fired nor a coal oven.  SO you won't get the thinnish, crispiness on the bottom of the slice nor the slightly chewy bite in the dough. The topping combinations here are interesting. We tried the butternut, potato, sage pizza and surprisingly it was enough for two people with modest appetites.  The execution of the sage has some room to improve. You are biting into whole leaves of sage at a time. Meh.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/15/2013,132,190,6,10,2>Stopped in an a whim to give sheesha a try. The hostess sat us on some comfy couches and gave us the rundown of the menu. Since we were newbies, we tried the citrus mix since it was supposed to be a bit less harsh than some of the others. We got served complimentary bottles of water (great touch) and waited only a few minutes for them to bring over the tall pipe. I was surprised at how mellow the smoke was, especially because I am not a smoker at all. Also, the place is well ventilated so if smoke bothers you, it shouldn't be too much of a problem.The music was a bit loud and there's a definite techno vibe to the place, but it was a Saturday night so really what was I to expect being that it's a college-type crowd. The place filled up pretty quickly after about 9:00 which was cool to see. Extra plus: you can bring in your own food so it would definitely be super fun to bring a group and hang out. Cost is very reasonable: $15 per pipe and they allow 2 people to a pipe. The tobacco lasts a very long time so it's very easy to make that $15 go pretty far. It was plenty for the 2 of us for close to 2 hours. Had a great time! Will definitely come back again sometime.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,1/14/2013,37,78,7,7,6>I have to drive about 25 minutes to get to Buffalo Trim, whereas a Lady Janes (to compare another "Men's Salon") is about 2 minutes from where I live. Why do I drive so much more just to get a haircut? Is it because I have incredibly complex hair and I need a specific stylist? Not even close. To me Buffalo Trim is just a much more pleasant experience than other places in the area. The whole ambiance just does it for me. It has that "Man Cave" stuff like the multiple TVs set to ESPN, the pool table, and the Buffalo Sports memorabilia on the wall, but it doesn't feel like it's just there to complete a fascade like at Lady Janes for example. It also feels a bit more rustic with exposed wood and rafters.The stylists are great too. I'll admit I have no idea what to ask for in a haircut. I  basically say to the stylist "the canvas is yours" and they have no problem just getting to work. They stop throughout the cut to see if it's looking alright and take the time to be sure you're satisfied. I'm not saying that is unique to the stylists at Buffalo Trim but there are certainly some places where they  just cut and cut and in the end you hope you like it. They have different tiered haircuts as well. You can get a regular cut for around $12 or $15 I think, but they also have packages that include shampoo, a neck massage and shave, eyebrow trimming, beard trimming, etc.I've had the deal that's been on Living Social a couple times which includes the shampoo and neck massage and shave. It's a nice touch, though if I have to criticize there is a difference between a neck rub and a neck massage and this would lean more towards the rub (but now I'm being nit-picky).Overall I'm a big fan of Buffalo Trim. If you're in the area then this should be your new place for a haircut. If you're within a 30 minute drive (which means pretty much anywhere in the Buffalo area) then keep an eye out for another Living Social or similar deal and give them a shot. Remember it's just hair, it grows back if you don't like it.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,1/13/2013,69,70,5,4,2>I LOVE PHO 99! Why haven't I reviewed this yet! ERMAHGERD!I love the pho. It has tasty veggies, the slices of meat are cooked by the broth so they are not overcooked at all! and the tripe and tendon are tasty! Trust me it's not nasty! Don't knock it 'till you try it! I also love all the extra veggies on the side and the kettle of tea that I'll drink forever. The small bowl is big enough for a girl like me, but you can order a large, or even an extra large! It doesn't exist on the menu but apparently they can make it x-tra big if you have a huge pho craving lol. Also the vietnamese spring and summer rolls are to die for! So delicious! AND CHEAP! Hey, you know you wanna come down here and try it. Just park on the side street and walk over. Neighborhood is a bit sketchy, so just pull out your car radio and hide it in the lock box. hahaha
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/12/2013,198,661,,6,4>If you love tea, you absolutely MUST stop in here to scope out their wall of teas. I was looking for a sampling of teas for my brother for Christmas since he loves green tea. I told the shop attendant that brother doesn't love citrus flavors and doesn't usually sweeten his tea either. He recommended several teas that fit the bill and I settled on Green Coconut, Hot Cinnamon, and small flowering Jasmine. All smelled amazing. Can't wait to try a sip of each! Will be back for myself next time!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/11/2013,32,67,,9,4>We had Laura take care of our senior dog while we headed out of town for a couple of nights. Not only did she do a great job managing our dog's care, but she also made sure our house was kept after, too. Upon our return, a sweet card was left with a note about how the stay went. Laura goes above and beyond and it really means a lot to know that our dog was in such good care. Highly recommend!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/10/2013,23,207,,2,3>+ Quality of Food, Excellent BBQ Wings -  No dining room, operating hoursFor New Years we decided to get some La Nova BBQ wings for our party guests.  I called in my order and they told me 30 minutes for pickup.  I walked in at about 6:30pm and there were tons of people waiting/placing an order.  But, this location was prepared, there were lots of staff asking who was next.  I told them my name and gave them my phone number.  The girl told me a few minutes for my wings and I waited at the side amid all of the chaos.  I must say, I do like this location on Main Street in Williamsville much better than the one on West Ferry--it's like night and day how different they are.  It is smaller without any seating, but the staff seem much friendly and the neighborhood certainly feels safer.  No flashing blue-light camera required here!  My only complaint is that their operating hours never allow for a late night order.After waiting a few minutes the friendly blonde La Nova girl told me my order was up and then unexpectedly placed a bottle of La Nova Champagne with my order. I asked her what's that for?--and she said that's for me!  Ever nice of her, who knew La Nova had their own Champagne. =P I uploaded a picture of it--pretty cool, huh?  I've ordered from here several times, and as usual, the BBQ wings were just perfect.  Fresh, large wings, with just enough sauce and just enough grilling--yum!  I should note that these BBQ wings are always cooked very thoroughly. They aren't juicy, think "well done". It takes some serious biting power to go through these.  There's a picture of my order--it's the "bucket" size--approximately 50 wings.  These wings are definitely a Buffalo classic must-have treat every once in awhile.Happy 2013 everyone!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/9/2013,56,82,,7,2>Just moved to the Buffalo area after living in New York City and I have been incredibly homesick. I miss the noise, the taxis, the public transportation, the culture, the landmarks, and most importantly: the food. Around Thanksgiving I realized that I needed to find a good deli, and clutching my New York Times I found myself at Nosh Cafe. The smells, the tastes of home. Tried pastrami on (homemade!) Rye with a schmear of chopped liver, potato salad, and (couldn't help myself) an order of latkes. The pastrami was a smaller serving but tasted better than Katz's (heresy, I know, but true), the bread was amazing, just generally really excellent.I would definitely go back (and have, several times since). Counter service is great, I chatted with the woman working a bit about the transition from NYC to Buffalo, and she remembered and asked how I was getting on the next time I came in. The only downside is that the prices are also very reminiscent of New York; it's definitely not a cheap lunch. Well worth it though.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,1/8/2013,11,39,15,8,6>Here's my Nick's story.It was a cold, wet, March morning. Sunday. A lady friend and I arrived, smelling of cigarettes and sin. We waited a short time for a booth to open. As we were about to be seated, a former mayor of Buffalo and his cronies came in. They pointed to the booth we were going to sit in, and said they were taking it from us. The hostess told them no way. The mayor asked her "do you know who I am?"Her response will always define this place for me me. She said. "Yeah. Youse da guys who are getting the booth after dese two." He left in a huff, and my friend and I had a great breakfast.It's the nature of this place. It's dingy. The people are questionable. The staff looks like they are either going to serve you or stick a knife into you, but it's Buffalo. Nick's is blue collar, no nonsense. Everyone is welcome unless they're being a prick, the food is honest, and the prices are in the range where everyone can come for breakfast. You could be a hobo or a former political type. Have a great omelet, some joe, and some friendly conversation.No hipster is ever going to write a paeon to the rare food here. It's diner food, for the love of god. Th thing is, it's really good diner food. The eggs are done by somebody who gives a crap, and everyone cares about making this place what it is.So it's a Sunday morning and you're sick of pretentious brunches with your precious New York Times. Go here. It's honest.Just don't ask the hostess if she knows who you are.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/7/2013,69,102,,7,3>I love Break'n Eggs! I've driven by several times waiting for them to open and for Buffalo to have a decent Creperie. So as soon as they were open I've been lucky enough to go here twice so far. Both times, I was not disappointed.  I went the first time during their opening week with my boyfriend and was surprised by the volume that it didn't lack in service. Our waiter was super friendly, & knowledgeable which I think is really important when a new restaurant opens. He was attentive but not overly so. I started off with the breakfast crepe and my boyfriend the Crepes Benedict.  and to finish Crepes Suzette (my favorite). Our coffee came in our own little carafe which was pretty tasty and convenient for refilling our cups. As an avid coffee drinker, I'd like to say it was better than average pancake house crappy coffee. Our Crepes, came second. The display beautiful, portions were perfect and the taste, decadent. The amount of food was perfect to fill your stomach without stuffing yourself. If you're looking to gorge, then by all means continue down the street to pancake house and do everyone else a favor by not complaining. The crepes had a lovely hint of vanilla, cooked to perfection which complemented by savory crepe filling. Superb. I had the opportunity to sample the crepes Benedict and would go as far as saying that the hollandaise sauce was by far the best I've tasted in Buffalo, but then again...what do I know? The eggs fluffy and perfect. definitely worth the price in every way. Now on to my crepes Suzette. If you've never had Crepes Suzette, they're a typical dessert crepe drizzled with a grand marnier sauce with an  orange marmalade & cream cheese filling. It didn't last very long before it was completely gone and I was willing to do it all over again! What does that mean for you? Go now!And the second time, was just as good as the first; SUPERB.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,1/6/2013,119,125,1,8,2>At Aurora Brew Works, you can try and buy beer from around the world and as close as the southern tier. ABW is a terrific addition to Main Street and to East Aurora in general. Some recent favorites include Saranac High Peaks Lemon Ginger Saison and Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale. The selection of beer on tap changes often, and you can order a sampler of four, 5-oz. drafts.facebook.com/#!/AuroraBr
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,1/5/2013,64,70,,5,1>Thursday night, I sauntered into Giancarlo's Pizzeria and Sicilian Steakhouse after hearing many good things about the place.  The hubbub about it kind of threw me for a loop - how good could a restaurant that is run by a company that sells electronics and jeans actually be?  Pretty damn good, that's how good.  I was there for a rehearsal dinner for the wedding that I was in this past weekend and I was expecting your typical Buffalo buffet food - but this was different.  The pastas and sauces were delicious - not too heavy, not too sweet.  As a born and bred Italian, red sauce isn't something you go out to eat for.  The chicken parm was quite good as well; nice and thick and the breading wasn't too heavy, which is always a plus.  As I rounded the buffet station corner, all filled with culinary excitement and Woodford Reserve, I saw the pizza station.  Various pies, various toppings.  Now, I am going to commit a party foul here in saying something that I truly feel in my gut. Buffalo pizza, for the most part, sucks.  I hate it - I like to call it "sauce bread."  Too thick, too sweet, too generic.  This pizza's crust was thin and the bottom was  cooked perfectly.  Not typical local slices. All in all, I had a great meal there.  So much so, I went back the following day for lunch with my grandmother.  She had a salmon special and I had the carani salad to start, which is awesome and I totally recommend it.  I also had the bacon blue Panini, which was quite good as well.  Give this place a try, even if it's just for something quick.  I plan on brunching there, soon.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,1/4/2013,33,157,1,2,1>To start off this review, I heard from a friend that this place had great margaritas so I came here one night with 3 other girl friends to drink. And try some good Mexican food.I thought the atmosphere was great! Exactally what we were looking for. And the drinks were huge! We all ordered the Jumbo Margarita and it absolutely did it's job!As for the food, the menu is a little confusing. Like I said, it was us 4 girls, none of us have ever had real Mexican food so we were asking the waitress a lot of questions. The waitress was obviously annoyed and was very short with us. We finally just ordered something we thought sounded good. And it was! I don't know what it was, but it was very good.I think it was a good and fun experience and I would definitely go here again!!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,1/3/2013,13,70,3,9,2>After I told my husband about my last dining experience @ Torches with friends, he insisted that we go there for our wedding anniversary.  He was NOT disappointed.Not that crowded on a Saturday night @ 6:30pm - hmmmmm.  Perhaps it's because it was Sweetest Day (although I would think this would be a perfect place to go!)  More likely it's because it was the last night of Restaurant Week & Torches did not participate. Oh well, I'm not about to complain that a place wasn't crowded!Fresh bread with dipping oil.  That night's oil was a parsley/red pepper/red wine vinegar olive oil.  My God, it's just dipping oil but it was SO GOOD!  That parsley made it taste so fresh.  We both loved it & asked for more bread.  Pigs, I know.Amuse bouche was a pork stew with cinnamon toast point.  Quite a hearty serving for an amuse bouche, I thought.  Tasty but nothing special; not disappointing but I would have preferred a small serving of bisque or a stuffed fig or something like that.  The stew was almost too much that early in the meal.For appetizers we went for:Sausage & Cream Stuffed Poblano Pepper:Tempura Battered / Pea Tendril Salad / Burnt Bacon Vinaigrette This dish was probably my husband's favorite, and I also enjoyed it very much.  As we devoured it, we noticed an odor that we couldn't put our finger on at first.  Somehow familiar but not familiar enough to figure it out.  Not offensive, just odd - very earthy.  We finally realized - it smelled like dope.  Yes, that's right - pot, Mary Jane, whatever you want to call it.  My guess is that it was the burned bacon vinaigrette mixing with the pea tendril salad.  For the record, we did not get high from it. Popcorn Diver Scallops:Microwave Popcorn Cream Sauce / Sundried Tomato Pesto / Corn ShootsPerfectly cooked.  Did not really notice the micro popcorn cream; the sundried tomato pesto made more of an impression.  Hubby liked it well enough, but he was too busy putting down the poblano pepper so I ate most of the scallops.For dinner, husband ordered the A&W Braised short ribs with cheddar mashed potatoes & onion rings.  The pork was falling apart, moist & tender.  Perfect.  He did end up being a teeny tiny bit disappointed after he tried my filet though!I had their special that evening.  Surf & turf.  YAWN, you say?  Absolutely not.  The 6oz filet mignon was medium, just as I ordered it (take a lesson here, Amaretto!)  Literally melted in my mouth.  The lobster was done Thermador-ish; the lobster meat was removed, then mixed with shrimp, crabmeat, spinach & some sort of creamy concoction, then stuffed back in.  I have not had seafood that fresh & that finely cooked in a very long time.  I LOVED it.Could not manage dessert.  One thing to be aware of about Torches - you will be STUFFED when you walk out.  Yeah, I know, we each had an appie plus the stew & bread.  But still - they give you A LOT of food.  We each took half our meal home & reheated it in the oven for dinner 2 days later - that was STILL a plenty large serving.  They do not mess around.  :)
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,1/2/2013,63,92,3,6,5>You can have birthday parties at the Buffalo Museum of Science - did you know that?  If you didn't, now you do.  And they are awesome.I am writing this review based on the perspective of just having held a birthday party for my son there this weekend.  The party theme was "Mad Scientist Lab" and with it came an educational discussion from the museum staff member running the show regarding electricity, electrical properties, chemicals, chemical reactions and scientific notes like how to read the meniscus in a graduated cylinder.  The kids got to perform experiments, play with a Van de Graff generator, and even got to make "slime" by using functional chemical reactions between water, glue and borax.After the party, and included with the party cost, the kids got to tour the museum.  Currently, the Science of Sports exhibit is up, which includes dozens of fun activities for the kids such as speed running, hockey speed shooting, football throws and more.In all, a great time and a great place to take the kids any old day - or consider having your next party or event there too.Learning made fun - it doesn't get better!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/1/2013,53,107,2,6,3>Went on a Monday afternoon.Ambiance & decor: purple dim lighting, modern, comfortableSeating: booths, tables & chairService: friendly, accommodatingFood:-fried baby octopus with tangy mayo sauce: $5.50 crunchy and tasty-chicken gizzard skewer: $1.25 came with 5 small pieces, a bit tough but the sauce was pretty good-lunch special 2 rolls with soup or salad for $7: soup was miso based but instead of tofu and seaweed it came with daikon, carrots, and mushrooms. Very delicious! Spicy tuna roll and salmon avocado roll were yummy as well!DELICIOUS!Menu was in Japanese and English with pictures of most dishes. They have a lot variety in their menu selection! Good  luck making a decision! The prices of sushi are reasonable and not overpriced. I really want to try their noodle dishes, but can never resist sushi! One day! They also have a dining area where you can sit on the floor to eat! Definitely want to return and experience that!Authentic Japanese feel to this restaurant! Reminds me of NYC restaurants!They currently have a holiday promotion if you spend over $10, you get a dollar off coupon for your next visit.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,12/31/2012,33,69,,3,2>Forest Lawn is one of my favorite places in Buffalo. It's beautiful and full of history. There are always people at Forest Lawn whether they are visiting loved ones at rest there, observing art and nature (more varieties of trees than Delaware Park and a great place for birdwatching,) history buffs (former presidents, pop icons and historical figures,) or are out for their daily run/walk/bike ride. Take the Sunday in the Cemetery tour (by reservation) or a Saturday walk-up tour (like I did) or even one of the specialty tours. You'll love it!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,12/30/2012,17,45,,3,1>Super knowledgeable and friendly staff! They really take care to carry treats, toys, and food that are good for your animal and the environment. It's not one of those junk food treat stores, but trust me, your pet will love you more for giving her healthy, good quality food!One of my cats has a sensitive stomach and they carry a large supply of grain-free cat food. They even suggested that fish based might be better for him (he was on chicken) and it seems to be working well!They're able to answer any questions I have and many of the employees have pets that have "tested out" different products, so it's always nice to get their take on the product.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,12/29/2012,87,124,1,2,3>Walked to this place on a whim and was pleasantly surprised!  It is a veryyyy small place but don't let that steer you away.  Being only open a short period of the day adds to the quaintness and homemade feel of breakfast at this joint.  The items are fresh and come to you straight off the grill.  I find that a rarity in places these days. When I first wrote this review I only made it to this place once but now that has changed and I have became quite the regular!  I might question whether this is the best breakfast in Buffalo?!  Ah!  Try the Dennis because it is amazing!  Oh and if anything stop in for the jalapeno bacon cheddar hashbrowns..... I mean really?!?! Yummm!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,12/28/2012,96,404,3,4,3>SHHHHHH!!  No talking.  Remember, you're in the library.  JUST KIDDING!!!  Feel free to blather on and on as much as you'd like (and not just about books you've read) at this delightful little place right in the middle of the library.The menu is divided into sections such as "A Thirst for Knowledge" (Beverages), "Farmer's Almanac" (Salads), "Novel Sandwiches" (Ummmm. sandwiches... what else could that be?), and "Happy Endings" (Desserts).  HOW CUTE IS THAT???  There is also a choice of soups. You place your order at the counter, are given a wooden letter to place on your table, and the food is then delivered to you.I had the asparagus soup and a chicken salad wrap.  The soup was DELICIOUS!  Lots of pieces of asparagus and a cheddar cheesy flavorful broth.  The chicken salad was EVEN BETTER.  There's a different chicken salad each day.  This time it contained WONDERFUL white meat chicken, feta cheese, craisins, and a delightful dill mayo. YUM!  And, my wrap was accompanied by a little green salad and a cookie.  "Fables" is a GREAT place for a downtown lunch!  I will definitely be back.  Next time, maybe I'll even check out a book while I'm here.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/27/2012,22,41,,5,2>If you are a foodie of any kind, you must get to Blue Hill Kitchen and Home immediately. What a beautiful little store, filled with dream kitchen worthy appliances, useful tools and gadgets galore, quality cookbooks, fun home decor and seasonal items, as well as some select edibles.There's LeCreuset, Kitchenaid, Emile Henry, All-Clad, Chicago Metallic, Wusthof and more -- incredible brands at reasonable prices. Why on Earth would I get these elsewhere when I can patronize a lovely local business like this??I have now purchased several items for my own home from here, as well as many gifts, and every single time, I find what I am looking for, plus a pleasant shopping experience to boot. I am not shy to share incredible finds with friends and family, and now my mother tells everyone her orange Kitchenaid stand mixer is from here, as if it's extra special -- and well, it is!I have been anxious for a shop like this in the city for years, and I'm so glad it's finally here!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,12/26/2012,21,107,1,4,3>I love it here. I try to plan a movie date here with anyone who visits me in Buffalo. I don't even know how to describe why they must go but I try. New Yorkers are intrigued when I say there's almost no one else there. I tell visiting Montrealers it's the old Cinema V. It's huge, it's charming, it's the run down real thing, not plastic made to look old. The movies don't turn over quite quickly enough, I appreciate the languid pace but I want to see everything there, which is easy to have done that when the same movie isthere for months. Does it just seem like months? My husband and I ponder how it stays open, and then we think, let the mystery be.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,12/25/2012,90,142,3,4,2>Amy's Place is probably my favorite place in all of Buffalo.  As a vegetarian, the selection is mindboggling (with plenty of vegan options as well).  It's a rare find in Buffalo to get cheap, delicious food that isn't a mushroom burger.  The atmosphere is that of a greasy spoon, with all the cross sections of different classes from UB students, to regulars, to businessmen, to families.  I love the diversity I see when I visit, that it can be a home to so many people.The staff is wonderful, such kind hearted people.  They work a very demanding job - waiting is nothing to scoff at - and they do it with such panache.  I would recommend the Lentil-Berry Sandwich (a full will last two meals), the Biff Sandwich, and my personal favorite - Vegan French Toast and a bowl of Veggie Chili.  The combinations are endless, but these three are great go-to starters for someone who doesn't know what amazingness they are getting into.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,12/24/2012,27,6,2,4,2>This is my second restaurant review, and I decided to begin with establishments that genuinely surprised me. Root Five ranks toward the very top of that list for one reason -- a surf and turf that, at least in my experience, should have cost way more than it did.When I ordered the surf and turf, I was hesitant. At $35, the dish was a bit pricey for what I was looking for that evening. I wasn't really going for cheap, but I certainly wasn't going for expensive. I went with the surf and turf because Root Five offers an unfortunately limited menu, and I have to admit, I was intrigued by an inexpensive surf and turf at a place that seemed like it should have decent sea food. What worried me, however, was this -- how good could a $35 surf and turf really be? The last thing I wanted was cheap lobster and a boring old steak.That's why I was so pleasantly surprised by Root Five. The 8-oz. Angus strip steak was grilled to perfection, and exactly to my specifications -- seared, borderline burnt, on the outside, and juicy, red, and bloody on the inside. I think they call it Pittsburgh style, and nobody ever gets it right around here. It's never bloody enough, or else it's never charred enough. That combination is hard to get, and Root Five managed it. The lobster, meanwhile, was terrific. The last place I had a surf and turf with lobster this good was at Jack's in Albany, and that cost me $75. My only complaint was I would have preferred a butter that wasn't quite so boring. All in all, a solid B for the meal.A note about the location: the covered outdoor dining area cannot be beat. There are many establishments along the Lake Erie waterfront and some of them are the perfect places to dine in the warmer months, especially in the evening. The Angola area boasts what I've heard are the best sunsets in all of New York State, and the view from the outdoor dining area was beautiful.My date and I were given a great spot in the outdoor dining area, and the way it is set up, you get fresh air and a gorgeous view, and at the same time, the temperature is somewhat regulated. It was hot outside, but it was cool and comfortable where we ate. For appetizers, my date and I shared crab cakes. There was nothing special about them except the creole remoulade; it was very good.I have seen some complaints about service at Root Five. When I eat out, I never take note of the quality of the service unless it's bad, and there was nothing memorable about it at Root Five, so I'll just go ahead and give it a B -- a solid grade I'd probably hand out anywhere unless I had complaints. I don't know what to make of the complaints -- I've experienced terrible service at places with great reputations and excellent service at places with terrible reputations, so maybe it's just hit or miss wherever you go, or maybe we just got lucky here.Complaints about the prices I do feel are valid -- they are a bit pricey at Root Five; then again, considering the location, I wasn't expecting anything cheaper.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,12/23/2012,3,6,2,2,1>One of the best restaurants my husband & I have been to...the T-Meadow Pork Meatballs just melted in our mouths w/incredible flavor.  I wanted to drink the pork jus left in the bowl, but opted for using the homeade bread to soak up the deliciousness.  Next we shared the clams w/calabrese sausage, pickled tomatoes in a lobster broth.  The flavors worked very well together.  We also shared the Bavatte Steak which was grilled to a perfect medium rare.  The oyster mushrooms were so fresh and flavorful.   The service was good, but Julie needs to brush up on her presentations in explaining the menu.  i had also called ahead to have a candle in our dessert selection for my husband's birthday.  But to my disappointment, it didn't happen.  We will return because of how local ingredients are used & we love a menu that changes!!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,12/22/2012,131,134,,3,1>Bocce's pizzas are delicious! This is the first pizza place I tried in Buffalo and now I know why people rave about it. I had a very traditional pepperoni pizza, nothing special added, but I could definitely tell this pizza was different. The way the pepperoni curls up into little dishes filled with oil and the cheese was nice and plentiful. The pizza was well balanced unlike some of the other pizzas I've had in Buffalo since, where there was either too much cheese, or the pepperonis were not crispy enough, or there was too much dough. This place does it right.Like the yelper said before, they won't accept the $2 off yelp coupon if it's off your phone. It has to be in paper or something, so keep that in mind if you want to use the coupon, though I don't know how that would work if you have to check in to get the coupon.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,12/21/2012,7,2,,6,2>Just thinking about this place makes me drool. The smoked sausage melts in your mouth and the bbq pulled pork keeps me going back for more. You can make a cheap lunch out of this place as they offer $6 salty hogs or piggie pies which consist of layers of potatoes, pulled pork, baked beans, salsa and cheese. Or you could tame your inner carnivore by choosing various combinations of meats and sides. If you come here expect the possibility of them running out of meat. They do their cooking overnight, so when they sell out, they're out. They also offer take out to satisfy the bbq urges when only a short lunch is possible. Just call ahead of time to make your order. Weekday vegetarians, save your weekend indulgence on this place, you can't go wrong.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,12/20/2012,104,79,5,5,4>I never considered paying for a massage, as I am perpetually broke. Despite my broke status, I've been on a mission to be as classy as possible lately. Lucky for me, a friend bought me a Groupon deal for my birthday (so nice!) - a 30-Minute deep tissue massage with organic hand scrub. 'Park Lane Spa?', I thought. 'Where is Park Lane??' The parlor is located in a beautiful building facing Gates Circle (+5 classy points). The ambiance is very calming and the staff is extremely nice. Even the water they gave me in the waiting area was classy! And the massage was amazing. Jessica did a great job. The deep tissue massage was just what I needed to work out the knots in my upper body. I'm now sold on massages. I ended up purchasing another 30-minute massage at the end to surprise my boyfriend with for his birthday.  This place also provides mani/pedis and facials. If you need a little relaxation in your life, treat yourself at Park Lane.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,12/19/2012,113,171,2,8,8>Who doesn't love a good military surplus store?  I bought quite a stellar halloween costume here (might have been Castro) for a mere $20 with some existing things I already had.  Ok, so you'll have to get over the slightly musty smell, can you say clothes from 40-50 years ago!?  I might've bought a great vietnam era army cap.  But don't let that scare you, there are plenty of new items here too!   If you are going camping, seriously come here first before any sporting goods stores, so much cheaper, and also a much more durable product.  It's one of those stores, that you'll walk in thinking that you don't need anything, but walk out with some unexpected, possibly un-needed but extremely cool stuff.  Currently I have my eye on some legit navy pea coats, as we after all live in WNY and now it's wintertime yet again!  Uncle Sam's also has an extensive website, but there is so much stuff, it's worthwhile to just stop in!  You'll be impressed with what they have.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,12/18/2012,7,26,,2,3>We finished up our Restaurant Week with Casa Di Pizza. They have 2 meals for 22 dollars normally. The Restaurant Special was 20.12 instead.  The special includes salad, a choice of entrees and dessert.  We were started off with warm bread and a side of olive oil with parmesan cheese. The salad was a simple chef salad but it was really well made. It had chick peas, olives and cherry tomatoes. I had the Greek dressing on the side. It was really good with chucks of feta. My husband had the pepper corn parmesan which he thought was pretty decent.  For our entrees I chose the Fish Fry. The FF comes with mac salad,  French fries and cole slaw. The mac salad had none of the dreaded green pepper my husband and I hate which was good. The cole slaw was a plentiful mayo based salad that was solid. My husband had the Cheese Ravioli with Creamy Red Vodka sauce which was pretty yummy. He had a side of meatballs which were well spiced but on the rubbery side. He likes his meatballs this way so it was not a problem.  We chose the pumpkin and apple pie for our desserts. We had them wrapped to go. However, we ended up giving them to a homeless person and did not solicit her for her opinion. Casa-Di-Pizza is a good place to go for mid price food. Their main stay foods are Wings and Pizza. I think they are the best in the Elmwood Village area. This special is a great way to go out to dinner without breaking the bank. They have reasonably priced beer by the pitcher. Plus a full list of drink specials.Been going to Casa for years, it is a keeper.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,12/16/2012,29,9,3,6,6>We started a lunch club last fall. My sister, uncle and whoever else is available and downtown will meet somewhere at 12:30pm for a bite. Though the idea is to keep trying new places, we typically end up at the Gourmet Store. The Gourmet Store is a lunch counter located in the Olympic Towers. Martin and his awesome support staff serve up sandwiches, soups and salads, Monday through Friday. Think the Soup Nazi, but because this is Buffalo everyone is nice. It's tight behind the counter, and yet the staff seems to move like a well-oiled machine. There's often a line. Don't be scared. It moves quickly, and the regular customers are definitely recognized. One time a server forgot my Uncle Charlie's name and felt so bad about it she brought our table a tray of cookies.I usually order one of the daily soups. Every day there are about three or four soup options. You can order a cup or a bowl. The Crabby Monday gumbo is awesome and full of seafood and punch. There are vegan options too. Anything with beef and cheese is awesome. I once had a Philly Cheesesteak soup at Gourmet Store. It reminded me of Hamburger Helper, which I mean as a compliment.Martin serves chili on Tuesday and Thursday. The menu says that it starts out sweet and ends with a kick. The menu is correct. Martin knows his stuff. Chili is, of course, a great default for Buffalo winters. I plan to order it a bunch of times in the upcoming months. You can top it with cheese, tortilla chips and sour cream. And because this is Buffalo, no one's going to be mean about it.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,12/15/2012,52,10,1,5,1>I'm not in the habit of loving restaurants. In fact, I really hate way more than I love. This one makes it into the love category. I've eaten at Dick and Jenny's twice in the last two days and the experience was amazing both times. The first time, I was one of only a dozen people in the place and my food came out quickly, efficiently, and well-heated. The second time, the place was packed. There was at least two parities of 10 or more as well as several fours and even some singles sitting at the bar. It was very busy. Still, my food was to my table in less than 10 minutes and was hot and delicious. This is the best example of a Cajun/Creole deli-type restaurant I have come across outside of New Orleans. I've been to NOLA a half dozen times and this was really an accurate depiction of the kind of atmosphere, service and decor you'll find there. Everything felt authentic and friendly.And the food? Holy cow. The shrimp po boy was served on great bread with the right amount of spice and sauce. The crab cakes were crispy and delicious. The fried green tomatoes were, well, fried and green and awesome. Oh, and the soup! The "Crab Rockefeller" was among the best seafood-based soups I've ever had. Went back for it twice even though I'm a huge gumbo fan and that was also on the menu. There are a dozen things I want to try so I will go back several more times. It's friendly, delicious, and affordable. A win-win-win for a lunch meeting or a take-out. Big Fan. Kisses, -Matt
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,12/14/2012,20,67,,4,3>Debbie the owner has a gem of a shop on Elmwood!  Along with her charming personality, her shop offers a wide range of everything a girl could want.  Funky jewelry, trendy accessories and sharp clothes. I love the fact that there are only a few pieces of each piece.  Small business at its best!  Complimentary gift wrapping as well!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/13/2012,47,73,4,6,6>Growing up in the North towns most of my life and going to UB North for some classes, I'm somewhat surprised I missed out on this wing mecca.  I only recently discovered it...thanks to some fellow Yelpers!  Decided to order out a double order of wings (2 1/2 pounds listed on the menu), half the famous Cajun and the other half the Honey Mustard.  Asked for extra crispy!  The place is in a small plaza on a busy road and I can see how it might get overlooked.  The small restaurant is somewhat dark inside with a decent size bar.  I went on Columbus Day late in the afternoon and it probably had about 4-5 people drinking at the bar discussing the weekend and commenting on the sports highlights up on the TVs.After getting the wings and smelling the flavors in the car I couldn't get home fast enough....surprised I didn't get a speeding ticket!  Got home and I dove into the Cajun wings and Wow they're damn good!  Not too hot and bursting with a perfect Cajun rub flavor.  And dipped into the blue cheese just added to the overall wing awesomeness!  The honey mustard wings were sauced sweet but not too much, the slightly salty chicken wing flavor underneath added a good balance....Excellent too!  I originally intended on saving half the double order for the next day, but downed more than half the double order before I realized it...ahh oh well!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,12/12/2012,53,94,2,6,5>A new addition to Main Street Williamsville is Simply Chic Boutique.  The shop features Scarves, Hats, Jewelry, Handbags, purses and more - all in vivid colors and wonderful textures.  I was pleased to see how spacious the shop was with ample room to move around, model, twirl and enjoy trying out your selections.  There are plenty of mirrors and excellent lighting and a wonderful inviting and helpful staff.  There is a comfortable coffee room where you and your friends and family can relax and enjoy.  Need some quality shopping time with just the ladies?  Simply Chic Boutique also hosts after-hours event time - custom tailored to your needs.Owners Debbie Gullo and Tracy Covill describe Simply Chic as a "Fun, Comfy, Home" atmosphere "made for the everyday woman".    I invite you to come visit the very affordably priced Simply Chic Boutique  - and touch, feel and twirl.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/11/2012,72,331,3,5,2>I don't usually re-review places unless something has made me take notice. Well we ordered some take-out from here the other night and they definitely made me take notice.Family was hungry and they are around the corner so we figured we'd place a pick up order. Wife wanted their ribs, got mac n cheese for the kids, and I decided on trying their wings. They said 40 minutes for the order and I guess that's because good things come to those who wait. Pick-up was seamless, walked in, told bartender was here for pick-up and got out just as quick. (while waiting I had a chance to check out whats on tap too. Great selection. Saw Pyramid Snow Cap seasonal, something from Firestone Walker, Goose Island, LongTrail IPA....)Walked the food home and started to dig in. Now first thing I noticed while opening things up was the amazing smell of both the ribs and the wings. I got the wings done in their "house" style, which I am pretty sure is known in South Buffalo as "Smitty" style. It's their own mix of spices with a bit of Nutmeg if I am not mistaken. Either way they were amazing. I rarely order wings outside of getting them with Pizza, but these South Buffalo pubs have me thinking differently. I was highly impressed with Doc Sullivan's wings just down the road from Conlon's, but these may just take the cake. Hands down some of the best wings in the city. I was actually able to save a couple for the next day and they were just as good cold too.The rest of the food was also very good though. Ribs were fall off the bone, smoky goodness, with a tiny bit of spiciness to them as well. Mac n Cheese was also tasty, although not good for the kids as it has jalapeno in it. Used a nice large shell pasta with crumbs sprinkled on the top thoughSo in all I bumped these guys up another star due to the wings being some of the best I have ever had, the beer selection, and the fact that it has a nice local pub atmosphere at the bar. While waiting for the food I noticed it, and after tasting the wings, I can see myself making this my local watering hole very easily.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,12/10/2012,165,165,1,4,2>Kathleen (I hope I remembered her name) the owner, is the best! Always behind the bar like conducting an orchestra. When you make a reservation here, they actually have your empty table waiting for you! (that's the way its supposed to work).  The food without question is the best, piping hot, cooked to perfection every time. If you are a loyal customer, you might even get a complimentary appetizer or after dinner cordial. The wait staff is attentive without being bothersome, a great experience overall. I didn't want to post this because I want to keep this place a secret but they deserve a great review for a great experience!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,12/9/2012,126,349,4,5,6>A lot of times, someone invents something, and then someone else perfects it. Not the case with John's!!The original chicken finger sub... so delicious, that when our friends visit from NYC, not only do we have to stop for a sub, but they commonly order one more to go on the way out and it rides, buckled in, in the back seat to the airport with them. A costanzo's sub roll, perfectly sauced & sized fingers, a generous portion of blue cheese, and the veggie toppings of your choosing. I was SO upset when the Southwestern blvd location closed those many years ago when I was a southtowner... perhaps it was John's the pulled me north as I looked to purchase my own home. And hey, the rest of the menu is delicious too - but how do you walk into Duff's without getting wings? You don't. And you don't walk into John's without getting a CFS.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/8/2012,75,42,3,15,3>I am not at all surprised that Jimmie's Shoe has no less than a solid score of 5 stars! I find myself looking at my shoes just to have an excuse to go in, and shoot the breeze with Joe. He is the greatest! He is so HONEST and RELIABLE! There have been a few instances where I've gone in, and he has turned me away with cheap home remedies for my shoes. Either he is crazy or really just that decent! Maybe, it is just the greatest case of reverse psychology because I'm always eagerly waiting to hand my money over!Moods are contagious, and it is refreshing to get greeted by such a delightful attitude every single time. He never rushes or is too busy to chat, and he always figures out what he can do to help. ** If you're really behind supporting honest, and hardworking local businesses... look no further than Jimmie's Shoe Repair on Hertel!! ** I promise you'll leave there whistling a happy tune! ha
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,12/5/2012,15,67,6,7,3>Let's start with the name. It's dreadful. That stupid name actually kept me away from checking this restaurant out; I passed it off as yet another cheesy neighborhood sports bar, probably run by a guy named Lou who thinks he's a marketing genius. But forget the name and check this place out. I'm not a bland eater. I like my food well-spiced spices and cooked with care. Alle-Oops delivers. The bbq chicken and ribs are both fantastic, as is the corn bread. The broiled scallops were good, though they lacked creativity. The atmosphere is comfortable, the decor is nice (in a rustic sort of way) and the service is very good. This is a solid choice, and has become my family's go-to restaurant when we want a nice dinner.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,12/4/2012,26,141,2,6,3>So all jokes about WNY being a few years behind cities like New York aside, this little cupcake cafe reminds me of my favorite places to grab a little something sweet and to down some mighty good Stumptown coffee. Yeah, thats right kids, Stumptown has made it to East Aurora! Mom and I both ordered pour over, which was served in cute little glass carafes. It was everything I remember good coffee tasting like (sorry Spot coffee fans). My Mom had a cupcake that supposedly had vodka in it, I only had a little taste of the frosting which was light and creamy, but not too sweet like some other frostings I've had.  The cake itself, seemed to be moist, and flavorful according to the happy grin that spread across my Mom's face.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/3/2012,136,280,,7,5>My new favorite place in Buffalo! I can't believe this place even exists, just a couple miles outside downtown.  Walk into the square and you will forget you're even in Buffalo - I felt like I was on vacation.How to define it? Music venue with great performers, marketplace with rotating vendors in cute little stalls, recreational area with hula hoops and pickleball court, bar and food area with multiple options (Square 1, Filling Station and the Grill).Comfy, eclectic chairs and sofas are everywhere - there are a couple covered areas where you are protected from the elements but still feel like you're outside.  Words don't do this area justice - just get your butt down there and check it out.  Well done, Buffalo!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,12/2/2012,47,60,2,3,3>There is a special place in hell for purveyors of pressed turkey roll and other like sandwich products. Luckily, these killers of taste buds wouldn't stand a chance at Chris' place. Real roasted turkey is lurking on your turkey sandwich. I know, you're shocked. It's prepared well, by folks who understand and care about what they are doing. That does cost a little more, but it is money worth spending. They never disappoint. You aren't eating McFood. If you need that, go elsewhere. If you want to have a great lunch, discuss work, and more importantly, have a well made sammy in front of you in short order, stop by Chris'.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/1/2012,82,198,6,6,6>Ambiance - For what this is - a classic mom'n'pop "American" diner - it rounds all the bases. Formerly Karen's (a burger joint I enjoyed in my college days) and then a short lived Caribbean place, this tiny but adorable restaurant has seen its fair share of makeovers. The current incarnation is classy enough to be cool but down home enough to be cozy. A modern, minty paint color and simple, Zen-inspired artwork are juxtaposed with old school seating and a large, easily readable white board menu. Best of all, the place is SPOTLESS. No sticky tables, no dusty floors, no crumbs chilling under the booths and large, clean windows that allow for plenty of natural light. The stereo played smooth jazz and blues-infused tunes just loud enough for enjoyment, but not so loud as to interrupt the conversation of a chatting couple. Service - The owner was, for lack of a more refined term, a swell guy - friendly, courteous and genuinely concerned with customers' opinions. He was doing double duty as the sole cook and server the day I was in but pulled it off without a hitch. We got into a quick chat about his future plans, which include increasing his current baker's output to offer both fresh desserts for diners and packaged-on-site homemade goodies for takeout. Judging from the sumptuous-looking dessert squares wrapped up on the counter I'm guessing this will be a big hit. He also has a wide selection of Turkey Hill ice cream - 20+ flavors I believe. The immediate vicinity lacks a bakery (one that goes beyond trendy, upscale confections anyway) and the nearest ice cream place is a decent hike, so these are great markets for him to break into. Food - I had one of the best burgers I've tasted in a LONG time and when I asked for it fully loaded (with the emphasis only an unashamedly-chubby-girl who missed breakfast can muster!) he did not disappoint. The toppings were super fresh and ample, the beef was juicy with excellent flavor and perfectly done, and the locally sourced roll was fluffy but substantial. In short , as Mr Food would say, Ooooh it's SO GOOOOOD. Add a thick (and larger than any diner I've gotten one from in the area) chocolate shake and I was in carb heaven. The total meal set me back less than $8 and I had to take the shake to go, slap it in the freezer, and finish it at work after my burger-stuffed belly had time to settle. The last time I tempted fast food fate (2 years ago maybe?) I went to McD's - it cost me $9 for a loaded Big Mac and an imitation chocolate shake because I didn't get a combo meal. Kitchen Table for the win!Please note, KTFR has changed their phone number to 716-622-6001.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,11/30/2012,35,2,6,3,4>I am not taken to hyperbole when it comes to burgers, pizza, fries, or other no-collar American classics. But I will say this: Vizzi's is the best burger you can eat in Buffalo.I say this because I chipped my lower-left-front tooth ("central incisor #24," that is) on my first over-eager bite into a Vizzi's burger. I felt the resonant nerves firing. I felt a sliver of enamel slide off, and had to extract it. But I finished the entire burger, and I thought it might have been a fair trade. It's just a small crevice now, but I tongue it every time somebody starts waxing rhapsodic about burgers in Buffalo. Again: worth it.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,11/29/2012,69,317,,3,1>I am always shocked when I run in to grab my to go lunch and find this place empty.  This place is amazing and reasonable.  Lunch specials for 7.95. Today I got the greeny curry with vegetable roll.  The vegetable roll is authentic vietnamese and came with the best dipping sauce.  Greeny curry was delicious (could have been spicier) but still great taste!  In the past I got an amazing soup from them too - I wish I remembered the name.  It was an upgrade to their normal soup of the day.  The place is cute inside too and their second location on the Blvd is also great!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,11/28/2012,61,48,1,9,6>Taj Grill has one of the most impressive lunch and dinner buffets in the entire Buffalo area.  It is dynamic, chock full of choices and wonderful to go to on a day when you cannot decide on just one thing to devour.The food is ALWAYS fresh.  Always.  The staff is helpful, courteous and never neglectful.  There is a great selection of vegetarian dishes and I believe at least two main dishes that are straight vegan.  If you ask, they will let you know every ingredient (which I witnessed first hand on one occasion).Pavan is, hands down, my favorite person at Taj.  If you get Pavan as a server you will remember him - his personality is hard to forget.  The owner, who I have only met once, is incredibly nice.  He even taught me how to eat a certain dish the way it was intended, with coconut chutney on top.  Everyone else is equally as amazing.If you do decide not to have the buffet, but to dine in, you will be paying around $10-13 a dish.  The quality, however, is worth it.  I suggest the sag paneer with eggplant; not on the menu, but I assure you they will make it!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/27/2012,90,142,7,8,5>I had to save something special for my 100th review, and I believe that Smoke on the Water is more than a fitting candidate.  The brothers Kevin and JJ Richert have knocked the ball out of the park in this seemingly unassuming restaurant on the canal in the City of Tonawanda.  If you have eaten at the brother's other restaurant Torches (one of my favourite restaurants in WNY) you know how ridiculously creative these guys are.  At Torches, the brothers have made it very clear that they have mastered a variety of food genres including Italian, Asian, Polish, Soul, etc.  Now with Smoke on the Water they have made it clear that BBQ is clearly their stand out genre.  First off, the name of the restaurant is not only kick a$$, with a nod to Deep Purple, but absolutely fitting and perfect.  This is definitely a shift in the right direction after the poorly named Remington Tavern Seafood Exchange (maybe I missed it, but it is neither a tavern nor a seafood exchange...discuss) and YOLO (wtf??)  recently opened in town.  Smoke is extremely hard to find, as it is tucked behind a Beverage Distributor on a busy intersection, and the parking sucks.  However, once you walk inside you are transported to another world, a cute little paradise with a full bar and seating on the beautiful canal.The first time I went was with my lovely fiancée on a Sunday morning.  For my lady friend and I, Sundays are our high holy days dedicated to working off our hangovers (mostly from Vera) at the United Church of Brunch (with Eggs Benedict and Bloody Mary's constituting the blessed sacraments).  Yet on this particular day we skipped services (a venal sin) and found ourselves indulging in fiery BBQ (the tool of the Devil in this analogy).  Well, if I am damned to hell this is exactly what I would hope to find there.  BBQ that was deftly prepared with ribs which were fall off the bone tender, pulled pork glistening with fat, and locally sourced roasted chicken with smoke imbued throughout.  I indulged in their award winning Nickle City Mac and Cheese, with bleu cheese, hot sauce and crushed goldfish, and the best (and only) waffle-cut sweet potato fries I have ever eaten, with a lightly sweet and heavily buttered dipping sauce.  JJ Richert even gave us some complimentary Jello Shots on the way out.  When I sin, I sin big!!I loved this place so much I could not wait to go back.  I brought my lady friend again this time with her 8 year old son, "the Little Prince", who was not in a good mood that evening.  The Little Prince finds it very difficult to eat at any restaurant other than Pizza Plant.  This time we sat on the canal, and his attitude totally improved when the waitress brought us a glass of ice cubes which we subsequently used to pelt the passing ducks.*  We ordered the special hog wings, which look like a miniature version of those smoked turkey legs you get at the fair, but these were glazed with an Asian sauce.  They were very good and tender.  This was followed up with pulled pork, blackened grouper and smoked turkey breast slices.  However, the real prize was the tater tots. ("Napoleon, give me some of your tots.")  The home made crunchy tots covered with faux cheese and hot sauce were amazing...I really mean that, amazing.  I've never described tots as amazing before, FYI.  I have been waiting for Dinosaur BBQ (the Rochester/Syracuse BBQ powerhouse) to get their prehistoric a$$es to town for 15 plus years now, and now that they are finally opening here, I could care less.  Smoke on the Water is that good, with a rotating selection of high-end entrees, creative appetizers and amazing BBQ.  I have been saying it for months now and this is yet another reason to exclaim: The Western New York renaissance is nigh!!  So gird your loins and go enjoy some fantastic BBQ.*No Animals were harmed in the making of this review!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,11/26/2012,116,274,,5,2>Please don't let the outside of the place detour you as it did me for years. The food here is phenomenal so you really cant go wrong with any of the dishes that you choose. They have an excellent wine list that seems to pair well with everything. The service here is one of the best in Buffalo. So much so that it makes me want to come back again and again with friends that have never been because it makes me look like some kinda high roller:)What took me for a loop and completely blew me away was the beer menu. It's crazy and completely unexpected. They cannot compete with Blue Monk but they have an extremely eclectic beer menu. Bottom line, you gotta go here!!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/25/2012,26,72,2,6,3>As a fan Le Metro's Williamsville location, I decided to try its city outpost out with a friend for dinner on a Friday evening. The interior, although large, evokes  a romantic french bistro vibe. I would suggest they turn the lights up a bit, as it is too dark to see the menu! I found myself reading by candlelight, trying to avoid lighting the menu on fire. Fire hazards aside, the food was very tasty! The menu features many versions of gourmet pizza, mussels, pho, and some simple appetizers like salads and dips. Our meal started with a complementary white bean and rosemary dip...it was dynamite! We ordered mussels and a mushroom truffle pizza to share, and both were delicious. The mussels were well-cooked and seasoned in a wine, tomato, and fennel broth, and the pizza was crispy and earthy in flavor. The mussels also came with a side of perfectly crisp fries to soak up all the broth. The portions were overwhelmingly large, but who's complaining about leftover pizza! ? I will definitely be back to explore the bakery, and lunch menu, as both looked delicious. It seems as if restaurants come and go in this lofty main street space, I hope Coco is here to stay.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,11/24/2012,27,140,3,3,2>Holy F'in A! This is my favorite brunch spot in Buffalo. They have excellent vegetarian options for us veggie lovers, and everything is just phenomenal. Luckily their menu is small, about two pages: one side for regular menu items and the other side for specials. If it were any longer it would have taken me an hour to order because it was already so hard to decide. Everything looked soooo good!I ordered some the Scrambled Tofu Hash:tofu fried with caramelized onions, sweet potatoes, roasted red peppersand black beans; served with grilled pita bread (vegan) or grilled corn breadand Betty's home friesI really felt like ordering it for the corn bread more than anything else. It's weird. I usually don't like corn bread because it's always so dry (supposedly it's dry so that you can scoop up sauce, but couldn't it be just a little moist?), which is weird because I always order it to try it. I guess I just like the idea of it more than the taste, but luckily this corn bread was AMAZING! Probably the best corn bread I've had in a long time, and I used it to scoop up all that beany saucey goodness. Yum! Yum! Yum!The only thing I didn't care for is that it tasted very Tex-Mexy, and I don't like that flavor. But reading it off the menu, it didn't sound very Mexicany. I think it was the fact that it had spice in it, which I just wasn't in the mood for. Personally, I would prefer they let you know it has spice in it, or just not have it in, and you can put spice in on the side. I wasn't craving spicy, so thus I was a little disappointed. But the corn bread made up for that.They also have really good pastries! We split a Vanilla Pecan scone and it was awesome! I just wish they had muffins. My gosh! Please serve muffins, I would buy them in a heartbeat. Also, fall is coming just around the corner, and if I could have a pumpkin muffin, it would give me even more reason to come here!I seriously can't wait to go back. It's soooooooo good and I want to try everything on the menu at least once!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,11/23/2012,43,196,,2,2>Had lunch delivered by Frankie's today and we have been in a food coma since.  My coworker said "The chicken taco was actually a burrito and was yummy, but made me want Mo's." My other coworker had the chicken ranch club (no bacon-um what's the point) and she said it was great too.  I had the chicken slouvaki which had too much Feta for my taste! But feta lovers rejoice, even the dressing had feta in it.  I do like feta, but to me it's like sundried tomatoes, very early '90's.  I can tell the pizza would be good because the breadsticks were pizza dough, and yummy. I wasn't going to eat them on my quest to stay away from carbs during the week, but after one bite I couldn't help but eat all three.Finally I'd like to say please excuse my typos because I am trying to complete this though my dictation function on my iPad, let's just say that's a review for another time.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,11/22/2012,64,7,2,4,1>Did you blink when passing this delicious hole in the wall?? Turn that car around & get your Buffalo butt in the door, that is if there's room for one more... You couldn't ask for a better place to experience one of Buffalo's BEST must have treats! This tasty treat Donut Shop looks like a diner out of the movie "The Blob" It's a race to the counter without knowing exactly what you're in store for as everyone around you is salivating to get one of the delectable sugary snacks on their tongues.  Paula's Donuts Never Disappoints with their wide selection of powdered confections, my favorite is a Red Velvet donut and a darn good cup of coffee!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,11/21/2012,36,63,,3,4>Kuni doesn't mess around. I've had rolls, sashimi, various appetizers, soups and salads, and have even been forced to order a fully cooked entrée (due to pregnancy). Like I said in the 'tip', haven't been disappointed yet. I have to say the flavor and texted of the rice here is defiantly different and, I would say, better than you will have in other buffalo sushi places- same for the wasabi, not sure what it is, but it is better. They have a great beer and saki selection, and if you go early enough (without a big crowd) you can catch a table or easily a seat at the bar or sushi bar. Service has always been great. If you've seen Jiro Dreams of Sushi, it's not that. I wish it were. But folks, this is Buffalo and we are far from the fresh fish market so ill take what I can get, and for this area code, Kuni IS it.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,11/20/2012,17,16,1,6,4>Where have you been hiding all my life? This cinematic experience in the form of a coffee house is truly one of the most enjoyable times I've ever had.I stumbled across this place while reading ArtVoice's movie section. The Screening Room was showing How to Marry a Millionaire with Marilyn Monroe, Betty Grable, and Lauren Bacall for $5 admission. I adore Marilyn Monroe and have always wanted to experience one of her films on the big screen. At first I thought it would just be a small theater, but after looking through some of their pictures it was set up like a cafe which I was skeptical about which I'll get into later.The Screening Room specializes in classic and foreign films. They show two different films every night and some nights they'll allow you to stay for both at the cost of one. Their admission changes based on the type of films they're showing which is understandable. The only criticism I have about allowing patrons to stay for both films in one night is to at least have some cohesiveness between the films. Somebody who wants to go see a Marilyn Monroe film may not want to stay and watch an Alfred Hitchcock film. The Screening Room also allows you to host private events there which is pretty neat if you want to have a birthday party screening. Screen your favorite film and have a mini party. Now for my personal experience. Like I mentioned above, I was a tad skeptical about the whole cafe feel. Wouldn't it be crowded? How would we be able to see the screen? I was a little nervous. When I arrived my worries instantly vanished. The decor was all classic Hollywood. The walls were littered with classic film posters, movie lights, film reels, it fit the mood perfectly. The tables and chairs were spaced out very well that if all the chairs were filled, people in the front row could sneak by without squeezing through. In terms of the screen, it was a good size. The screen was raised above, like a drive-in, so there were no worries about people's heads getting in the way. As I sat there watching Marilyn Monroe grace the screen, it was like looking up into the stars. Watching these beautiful ladies shine bright again on the big screen, there were no words to describe the amazement!Moving onto their menu! I took one look at the menu and was quite shocked at the assortment they offer. You can order an entire bottle of wine for your table, pour yourself a glass, sit back, relax, and enjoy the film. What other place allows you to do such an awesome thing like that?! Aside from that they offer beer, your choice of soda, water, tea, and a drink I instantly fell in love with over the name itself. Café Casablanca, a warm apple cider served with a cinnamon stick. Any classic film fan will instantly understand the reference and I personally fangirled out! (Fangirl - A fan, sometimes also called aficionado or supporter, is a person with a liking and enthusiasm for something.) Finally, the location. When I said, "Where have you been hiding all my life?" I meant literally. It took me two days to actually find out where this place was located. It's located in the Northtown Plaza on the corner of Sheridan Rd & Bailey Ave. At first you'd think it would easy to find, nope! I drove around the entire plaza a handful of times just to finally find it located in the furthest corner, behind another building, and next to some dumpsters. There was a small sign on the wall next to the door saying "The Screening Room" which initially led to my skepticism. A couple signs and arrows would help wonders in finding this place. I don't know if they're deliberately trying to hide this place, but if that's their intensions they're doing a pretty good job at it! Once you find out where it is, everything else is smooth sailing.Here's the "too long, didn't read" version. If you're a fan of classics/foreign films, this place is for you. The menu provides a variety of items. The cost of admission is quite reasonable, but depends on what you see. If you've never been here before, do your research first and leave a little bit early to find it. The Screening Room represents one of those hidden little gems in Buffalo that you'll completely fall in love with. I can't say enough good things about this place! To look up their upcoming films and showtimes go to their website (screeningroom.net) It's definitely a place worth experiencing!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,11/19/2012,43,13,7,2,4>Once upon a time, this place was scary, but now it is populated by harmless hipsters.  Not even over-the-top annoying hipsters, just guys with beards and girls with glasses, having a beer.Good beers are on tap, good music is playing (mostly the 80s-90's alternative stuff folks my age never stopped listening to).It's a big risk serving wings in Buffalo that different from the norm, but Essex dared to smoke them and coat them in barbecue sauce, and it worked out very well.  I was not the only patron waving about the wings.This place just feels right.  There is good beer on tap, tasty food, darts, comfy music and friendly staff and patrons.  The owner is a really good guy, and it shows through his bar.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,11/18/2012,57,144,,4,1>This was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine. It was helpful that we had someone familiar in our party because there are no pictures on the menu to help you make your choice. I suspect however, that you really can't go wrong.We decided to split 3 entrees amongst the four of us; The Kitfo, Tibs, and the vegetarian sampler platter (which is not on the menu but definitely ask for it!) - that one was my favorite. With 6 different samples served on Injera, it was simply amazing and I loved everything on the plate. I'd recommend this strategy if you go with a group of friends.And I would go with a group of friends. This probably isn't a first date place. The food is all consumed by hand, using the Injera to scoop up all the goodness. We had so much fun with our sampling and they provided plenty of extra Injera when needed.The place is in what used to be a sub shop. So that's the ambiance. But it's kind of cool that they still offer the traditional subs and tacos in case you have a less adventurous eater in your party.The staff was amazingly friendly, especially the owner who may just be the sweetest proprietor I've ever met. They definitely made you feel like a guest in their home.   My only criticism comes with the powered creamer I was offered with my coffee. Now I know it's almost a sin to add anything to a delicious cup of Ethiopian coffee, but I do like a little cream. I'd like to see some real cream next time I go back and I'm sure that I will return.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/17/2012,12,82,2,5,1>Dear Kung Food,Why do you put crack in your potato salad? From the first bite I was absolutely hooked! What is it that bring the sweetness level to the table? I couldn't figure it out for the life of me. I had the Kung Food Chicken (fried) and it was pretty much out of this world. The only reason I didn't give this place a full 5 stars is because I want to explore it more! It's sad that they only have 7 or so options for meals. I hope that once they get into the groove of things they can expand their menu and bring something spicy to the table. I was hankering for something spicy on the day that I went and all they had to offer was something like a siracha mayo... ugh disappointed :(. Some day I shall return to Kung Food for some more bubble tea and great food and when I do I better see some new menu items!**Side note: When I told the person working it was my first time there (I'm assuming the owner) he walked me through the whole menu and brought us the food, forks and napkins. He was wonderful. I would go back alone strictly on the service
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,11/16/2012,50,116,3,3,1>This place is great on the inside! It's decorated festively but not too tacky. Expect to pay a couple more bucks here than you would at an average Hertel restaurant, but the quality of food is excellent and fresh. Their pizza is amazing, despite it being "only for 1." I honestly never went here with roommates because it didn't look like the place a bunch of guys should be seen together at. My female companion for the night enjoyed her experience as well. I definitely will be back...if not for one of their appetizers, then for the amazing-looking Italian cookies in the front bake shop.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,11/15/2012,13,33,1,3,2>I visited Wheatberry again this past Sunday (just too easy to stop off on the way to dinner at the parent's house!) and I had another great experience.  This time the person working the counter was Dave, and I'm not sure if he is one of the owner's or not, but he filled me in on more information about the bakery, and he was just the nicest guy.  I ended up getting a big pan of cheesecake brownies, as well as an apple danish for my dad (the picky eater of the household).  He said the danish was really good, and the rest of us melted when we had the brownies....super chocolately and moist and better than any brownies I could ever make.  I asked if they had cupcakes ever, which are my favorite, and he said they often do, so I hope to someday try those, as well as more of the other desserts, like the cream horns and cannoli.  I'm sure I'll go a lot more since we eat at my parent's house quite often!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,11/14/2012,21,5,3,4,4>Ashker's Juice Bar and Cafe is my latest sign that Buffalo loves me and wants me to be happy. One of these days I'll make a Venn Diagram of all the juice bars, sandwich shops and cafes in Elmwood Village, and when I do Ashker's will be sitting smack dab in the middle. Can one little restaurant get everything right, or are they a jack of all trades and a master of none? I think they come pretty close.When presented with the option of coffee versus just about any other drink, I'll take the java every time, so this review is from the caffeine-addict's perspective. That being said, their juice combinations are appealing and a little cheaper than their most obvious competitor in this market, O3. The drip coffee here is fantastic, and yesterday (05NOV2012) I overheard that they're calibrating a new espresso machine so we have that to look forward to. The "house blend," is an organic, fair trade Mexican roast that is currently my favorite coffee on Elmwood ave. They regularly have a flavored variety called Jamaican-me-Crazy, a Dark Roast and even a Decaf (he said derisively). What's more, when you drink-in you're getting a mug to refill at your pleasure: cafes that allow this deserve a medal. I love the coffee at Spot, but I'm done with my medium before I've finished two chapters of Gone Girl.Drinking/eating-in is what you'll want to be doing for sure. This is one of the most unique cafe spaces I've encountered in Buffalo. The first room is full of a variety of traditionally sized tables, a little faux-erplace and just feels clean, new and comfortable. The second room is filled with musical instruments and big dining-room style tables. I always feel like a guest at some wealthy relative's house (Uncle Ashker?). The set-up, and the groups that come and go in the back conference room (a third room) encourage an atmosphere that's a mix between the traditional keep-to-yourself coffeehouse and a more congenial bar. The one downside is that I've been run off by an overenthusiastic drum circle.The food is one of the best quick options I've seen for low-carb/slow-carb diet folks like myself. The side dishes I've had so far have included a three-bean salad and a citrus-garnished garden salad: both delicious. For the wraps I've had the chicken caesar and the roasted turkey. While all the food exhibits a knack for flavor combinations and healthful ingredient-choices, my advice for now would be to stick with protein that was not cooked in-house. My roasted turkey wrap with the deli-style turkey was fantastic, but the chicken in the caesar wrap was not cooked and divvied up most effectively. The latter was also leaning too heavily on the strength of winter tomatoes (which are wimpy on the best of days). The sandwich-side combo is priced commensurately with some other EV locations like Spot Coffee, but seem about a dollar overpriced compared to equivalent food from a place like Globe Market. The breakfast is very reasonably priced and the portions (at least for the breakfast sandwiches) are indeed generous.I look forward to exploring Ashker's menu further and attending one of the themed dinner events they've been hosting.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,11/13/2012,8,6,2,5,4>I don't write many reviews, but I figured since I went to Gate House Grill solely on the recommendation of fellow yelpers, I would help out and hopefully get this place another review under their belt.I decided to check out Gate House Grill last night with my family and we were all very happy we did. We're the type of family that doesn't try a whole lot of new places, so it was such a treat to find something new we all liked. We all ordered something different and I'd say 3/4 of us were amazed how original and delicious our meals were. Going to a "Grill", we all kind of expected just the usual burgers, wings and sandwiches, but their menu was much more diverse.We ordered a mushroom burger, a Caesar wrap, a steak sandwich, and the Rockefeller Chicken. The only thing that disappointed was the wrap, and I question it a little as my sister can be picky and nondescript about what she didn't like about it. I think it was the onions. Anyway, the entrees were all incredible. I had the Rockefeller Chicken, which needs to be a featured item on the menu to make it stand out a little more because it was amazing. Chicken stuffed with spinach, cheese and bacon, topped with white cheese. Grilled vegetables were an excellent side. As great as my entree was, I was also impressed by the soup. I can't remember what they called it, but it was a squash and jalapeno blend. A little sweet, a little more spicy. Not something I would normally order based on the sound of it, but it was excellent.As mentioned in other reviews, the location is unassuming, but the inside is tasteful and cozy. Service was very good. The waitress was polite, attentive, and friendly. We allowed about an hour before a movie and we ended up having time to enjoy our last bites and drinks before leaving. One final note, the map on yelp is not helpful. I saw the little question mark off of main between Youngs and Transit but do not be mistaken, it is on Main on the other side of Transit.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,11/12/2012,56,99,2,2,3>I heard about this restaurant on Elmwood ave. I went there with a friend and we had the "Monsoon salad" and the "Gyro with tzatziki sauce and french fries" and LORD IN HEAVEN, THE FOOD WAS DELISHHH!!!! The food arrived on time. Unlike the salad in many restaurants, the monsoon salad here had fresh arugula and lettuce with vibrant dressing over oranges, strawberries and crisp bananas. You could taste the freshness! And the meat in the gyro was so moist and full of flavor. I loved the tzatziki sauce that accompanied it. The french fries was the perfect shade of golden brown and cooked crisp to perfection. The server was very kind and sweet. The food was so alive and bursting with freshness. Not expensive at all. The whole experience was a definite A+!! I sure as hell will go back again!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/11/2012,20,21,1,4,5>Buffalo needs more restaurants like this! Take note Buffalo, seasonal, farm to table ingredients make all the difference in the world! Have only had dinner there once and it was amazing but ohhhhh their brunch is one of my favorites in the city. In addition to their changing seasonal menu, they always boast an amazing specials list, a great cocktail menu and even a pastries table that is complimentary with your brunch. The service is always great here and they are always attentive and accommodating to my gluten free diet, changing dishes whenever possible to make it safe for me. Best to have reservations for Sunday brunch, as it packs up quick, though we have gone before without a reservation and the wait wasn't too bad.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/10/2012,37,78,3,7,6>Where to start with Founding Fathers? Well I'm there around 2 or 3 nights a week so that should tell you my opinion of the place.As the other reviewers say, there is free popcorn and free nachos. The potential nacho toppings are liquid cheese, jalapenos, beans, and salsa.The beer selection on tap is pretty much always McSorley's, Blue Light, Blue Moon, Southern Tier IPA, Sam Adams Seasonal, and Guinness. The bottled beer list is much more extensive and the bottles are displayed behind the bar. Draft beers are $4 and I think Guinness is $4.50 or $5. Bottle beers I'm not sure. In terms of cocktails, I would guess they are good, I never get them so can't comment on them.A little tip, the Black and Tan made with McSorley's and Guinness is excellent and only $4.50.The atmosphere is fantastic there. We typically get a table as there are usually four of us so we don't bother with the bar. The noise level is never such that we can't carry a conversation, and we never need to shout to be heard or lean awkwardly across the table so we can hear one another. We may miss out on the at the bar trivia but the wait staff makes up for that. They are all generally very nice and efficient. We have our favorites since we are always there but all of them do a great job.The food isn't great that's true. I've rarely gotten food there, and have been happy with it. I'll leave it to you about the food. It isn't so bad that it should turn you away but just don't expect stellar cuisine either.The monthly trivia night that actually has prizes is every first Tuesday of the month. You'll have to get there early, and fight us for a table, it get's very crowded very fast. Don't expect to win much though, most of the teams are regulars who run away with the main competition. But when it comes down to the "shout out an answer get a prize" round you will have your chance.Overall great bar, don't go if you're looking for a crazy night out, but I can't think of a better place to spend a Tuesday night with some friends.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,11/9/2012,79,93,2,5,1>This is the city retail arm of the larger country nursery operation (named Lavocat's Family Greenhouse and Nursery in Clarence).Wow. I'm floored. I've been to a few gardening centers or two as an O.G.. Original Gansta from my hometown in SoCal? Nah....An Original Gardener (before it was trendy to be self sufficient)...as a kid my dad dragged my around to gardening centers all weekend and then made me weed the garden... all in the name of quality time together.....no wonder I turned out the way I did. But I digress....This place is one of the few great family owned nurseries around. It's so sad to see ma and pa outfits closing because because consumers want the cheap generic stuff at mass produced big box stores.  This place has it all.  Have a pond? Check.  Want to put in some veggies? Check.  Do you have yard envy and secretly want to beat your neighbor in the Buffalo's Garden or Blue Buffalo competition or trying to relive your glory days of childhood? Check! Check! and Check!  This place has all the gardening supplies you need.  The fruit trees here are reasonably priced as well....apples, pears, figs, etc.  Yes....even fig trees.  There's a small store in the back that has the tacky yard ornaments that spruce up gardens.  However I was impressed by the variety of garden gnome ornaments. The most admirable part of this nursery is the selection of harder to find varieties of flowers and veggies. I'm more utilitarian so I really don't bother growing something unless I can enjoy some output out of it... the fruits of my labor so to say. Heh. I couldn't resist the pun.  They have the largest selection of heirloom and specialty tomato varieties that I have found in all my searching in the Buffalo area (not an inclusive list I wasn't going to be creepy lurking around the garden center writing down all the heirloom names) - Genovese, San Mazano, Lemon Boy, Pomodoro, Sunray, Anna Orange, Abe Lincoln, Prudent Purple, Principe Borghese, and Box Car Willie. All veggies were $18 a flat (12 packs of 2,3,4,6 cells depending on veggie variety).  The veggies here are more hearty than the ones from the big box stores since the nursery waits a little longer to get healthier plants than just churning out baby seedlings. The other great find here was the organic mushroom compost for $6 for a 40 lb bag.  I think the big box stores sell them as well but where is the fun in going to a box store when you can stay with a local business?  The Garden Center is part of the larger "destination nursery" in Clarence that's over 20,000 sq ft big.  I would definitely make a trip out to the nursery just to see the place.  The nursery is a vendor at the Clarence, Tonawanda and Williamsville Farmers Market on Saturdays, the Springville Market on Wednesdays.Side note - Phil is related to a even smaller family run seedling vendor that's at the Clinton Bailey Market May- June (selling amazing container tomato plants) at stalls 251-259....they go by the informal moniker "The two Bobs'".
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/8/2012,45,89,,3,1>I thought I had already written a review for Canvas, but I realized a did not on my last visit.  My first experience at Canvas was in celebration of my birthday last summer with two good friends.  I had heard good things, so we decided to try it for something new and different.  I was really very impressed!  We had delicious food and great service.  I love the atmosphere, and the band that played that night was really talented and fun!  So this past weekend, my parents and I were looking for somewhere to eat in the city after a chilly day at the Ellicottville fall fest.  We were not in the mood to go somewhere overly crowded and noisy, but rather somewhere relaxing.  This can be a difficult thing to find on a Saturday night at 7:00om.  I suggested Canvas, remembering how great the atmosphere was, and knowing that my parents would probably enjoy hearing some good jazz that evening.  I called right away, and they were more than happy to accomodate us.  They said that the band did not start until 9, so we would have time to dine if we were concerned about the noise level throughout dinner.My parents were blown away by Canvas and couldn't stop raving about the freshly prepared food and top notch live music.  I went crazy over this chicken wing chowder; man was it good!  One of the specials they offered that evening was homemade meatloaf, which is my fathers all time favorite meal, hehe.  That sure pleased him! The chef came out, and he personally asked how our meals tasted.  The server was very sweet and was on top of everything.  Overall, it was exactly what we were looking for that night.  I look forward to going back here on other nights when they have live music, instead of having to go to the crazy, uncomfortable, jam packed bars.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/7/2012,62,99,1,3,4>Forget 5 stars, I wanna give 10!  I totally forgot this place existed until a friend of mine  on FB (and Yelp, incidentally! Thanks, Brian W.) posted about the Elmwood Location.  I happen to (don't be jealous!) live two blocks away from the Snyder Organic 3 Cafe that is connected to the Everything Elmwood (on Main St. lol)  I am so very excited to have been reminded of this place because I have recently taken a personal pledge to be more concientious  of what I nourish my body with.  My eyes have been pinned open in light of the Genetically Modified Organism issue that is slowly gaining awareness throughout the nation (finally! after what, 20 freakin' years?! but don't get me started on that...I'm singing the praises of O3 right now!) and I have been feeling really fruatrated with the lack of dining options for those of us who wish not to rot from the inside out as a result of the garbage that is essentially force fed to us (oops.  there I go again.)  Anyway...Give your business to O3... Please!  (and then watch Genetic Roulette on Youtube.)  Buffalo needs more restaurants and cafes of this nature (pun definitely intended.)Food specifics:  we tried chicken soup, two types of wraps, fresh brewed iced tea, and a cookie.  All out of this world!  (especially the cookie!)My only complaints:  our bill came to $43.  I understand organic food is more expensive, I just wish this wasn't the case.  And I REAAALLLLLLY WISH they would post the nutritional content of their menu items (calories, etc.)  This would make the entire operation PERFECT in my book.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,11/6/2012,100,241,2,5,5>I like seafood, but only fresh seafood because my palate can definitely taste fishy nasty old seafood. This place has fresh seafood, for sure.I had the super haddock sandwich, which was only $5.49. This thing was so huge that I had to flip the sandwich over and pry it out of the container. It had a nice, meaty piece of fried haddock (not greasy!!!), coleslaw (which I usually don't like but it was good), tartar sauce and fries all between a bun. Who knew this would be good? But it was DAMN good.We also had the super combo haddock dinner, which had a huge nice piece of haddock, a good amount of fries, coleslaw, tartar sauce, hush puppies, 4 shrimp and 3 chicken fingers for $10.99. Wait, what? Since when was food that cheap? When was seafood that cheap? Everything was delicious! Well maybe except for the hushpuppies cause I don't really know what that is and didn't enjoy it too much. Anyway, that dinner had so much food that we couldn't finish it.It seems like they're pushing for more online orders than anything. 15% off first order online then 10% off for life if you order online. They also give you this super super cute menu that's in the form of a newspaper made with newspaper that has the history of Bailey Seafood and the menu inside. I think they're also super nice and efficient and surprisingly clean looking. :)
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/5/2012,14,23,2,5,3>I've been here many, many times. I've enjoyed the meatball, which changes ingredients to an extent every time. It is definitely an appetizer to split, since it's so big! I've also had (and liked) the caprese salad as an appetizer. I've tried many of the entrees, and have only had 1 bad experience. I ordered a spicy pasta dish, but received a mushroom dish instead. I was a bit disappointed in this, but I ate it anyways. Either way, I wouldn't go off of this one bad time, since I've been there so many times to say it was certainly a surprise. Atmosphere wise, it's a nice place. It's got a bar side of the restaurant, as well as a dining room side on the other side of the bar. It's decently spaced, so you're not cramped up next to other tables. It's got pictures of New York all over, which is nice or not, depending on New York is your thing. I saw another review that mentions reservations. It's 100% SUPER IMPORTANT to make reservations. I cannot stress that enough. This is just another piece of proof that this place is that great. I made a reservation for Friday on Wednesday, and I had to either pick 5:15, or 7:30. All in all, I think you should go here. It's a bit away from Buffalo, but it's worth every minute of the ride!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,11/4/2012,198,661,1,5,5>Came here for Restaurant Week with some life long lady friends, mom, & sister. Made a reservation hours before for 5:30pm and got right in. YAY! At 5:30, there were only a few other tables occupied. Perfect time to go, in my opinion. I'm the early bird special type. Can't eat dinner at 8pm because I go to bed early! By the time we were leaving, the place was packed!The atmosphere is nice and chic inside. Our round table was roomy but not so huge that the 5 of us couldn't chat. Big plus! I ordered the strip loin $20.12 meal. Came with a garden salad to start (with REALLY good ranch dressing!), green beans and roasted potatoes on the side. The steak was honestly some of the best I've ever had out. It was prepared PERFECTLY and tasted fresh, not like old, tough cow! BIG plus! Of course, I wouldn't expect less from the grandson of Russell Salvatore (owns YOLO)- that guy has the hook up on beef (or so I hear from Russell's patrons). The dinner was finished with a DELICIOUS little scoop of pumpkin gelato. Tasted like pumpkin pie filling! YUM YUM YUM. I honestly have no complaints about YOLO. I really liked it, the service was good, food was great, we all left fat & happy! Give this place a shot, you won't regret it!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,11/3/2012,29,159,1,7,7>Honestly the best pizza I've had in Buffalo, and I'm so glad it's right around the corner! With a menu that encompasses pizza, subs, wings, and everything in between you won't be disappointed with the variety, the quality, and the service.I'll start with the pizza: -Sauce that is seasoned just right and tastes so fresh your Italian grandmother would approve. -Toppings that are fresh, and obviously picked with great care-Real, fresh mozzarella (are you seeing the "fresh" pattern?)-And a crust that is not the "traditional" doughy mess I've seen around town but instead a perfect foundation for the impeccable sauce, cheese and toppings. Plus a slight crunch on the crust that makes every last bite enjoyable.And though the food is excellent (seriously) I must say the neighborhood feel of the place is worth coming back for. Every time I go in I'm recognized and greeted immediately, my hand is shaken, and then there is a little banter/conversation while I wait for my food. It feels like I'm in my kitchen with three of my brothers and we're having friendly conversation. Their hospitality rivals most restaurants in this city (and I've had some great service in Buffalo), but I'll be a regular at Lovejoy because of their attention to detail while making their food and for their obvious care of their patrons.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,11/2/2012,69,102,1,7,3>I have patiently awaited the opening of Gatur's and am glad I tried it their first week opening! Pleasantly situated on Allen street between Linwood and Delaware (it's in the location of the old Falafel Bar). The decor is warm and inviting. If you remember falfel bar's decor, it was cold and uncomfortable; I'm happy to see what they've done with the place. The tables and chairs are comfy and casual but also pretty nice. This is my second Ethiopian restaurant now the 3rd in Buffalo. I've been looking forward to trying Gatur's so I could compare it to Lucy's on Amherst. Lucy's is good; but different. The food is very similar and I'd recommend trying both for different reasons. I like that there are more vegetarian options on the menu at Gatur's over Lucy's..but Lucy's offers breakfast and traditional coffee on Saturday's (something I still need to try!). We started off our meal with Sambusa's and Bagia appetizers that come with a spicy green chutney! Be careful; it's hot! :) The flavors in the Sambusa were very prominent and I the chutney balanced it well. For our meal, I decided to get the Red Lentil dish and my boyfriend the Yellow Split peas with the (traditional) Injera bread. Our waiter who knew quite a bit about the food already asked if we'd like to share our meal on the same plate and we said yes. When it arrived I was shocked it was so big! I didn't imagine the portions to be so large, and not overly so. I could have easily eaten it all if I hadn't had an appetizer beforehand. The meals also come with a side salad which I wasn't too crazy about. Nothing fancy, greens and dressing. The lentils were another store! Super spicy but rich with flavor. The yellow split peas were way better than I had anticipated and I actually preferred them over my red lentil dish. The yellow split peas had some grilled sweet peppers in the mix which brought out the sweet spices of the peas. Yum. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! Mixing them together was phenomenal idea and highly recommended. Then our waiter suggested we try the pita; he brought i out for us free of charge to try! That totally changed the experience .Even though the injera bread is good; the pita changes the flavors of everything but it's also more filling.  If you're in the area and looking for something fun to do and aren't afraid of eating with your hands; go to Gatur's! I'd really like to see them succeed. :)Did you know that they even do take out?
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,11/1/2012,1092,741,8,5,5>In the most gorgeous part of the beautiful city of Niagara Falls, NY, this palatial establishment overlooks the rapids and you can literally smell the mist off the Horseshoe as you dine on your $40 steak dinners. OK, that's a review for a different place. Niagara Cafe is nothing like that. It's cheap, it's in a bad part of town, its Puerto Rican, it's amazing, 90% of its clientele are not from the USA, or their parents aren't (myself included), and to be honest it's probably the best Puerto Rican food I've ever had. The lunch specials are so so cheap too, and the dinner specials are a very good deal for the amazing food you get.Don't tell anyone you think this is in a bad area (mega potholes, homeless people and drug addicts, bars on windows, abandoned houses, I'm not sure what gave me that idea), or they will bite your head off. I got abused several times for saying that on Yelp. I hope it was from local residents and not from people who work here, but even if it was, that takes nothing away from how incredible their food is.The older servers are really friendly and go out of their way to make you happy, the younger ones seem like they'd really rather not be there, but maybe that's what a family business is all about in the postmodern world.Went back here just the other day, nothing has changed, in fact if anything it's more delicious than ever. The Pernil is heaven - best I ever had. Ask for it extra juicy and make sure you get red sauces - several of them. They shouldn't charge for the red sauces (50 cents per sauce) but who cares when it tastes this good.This is one of the best places in Western NY to get food, DO NOT miss it. One of the top ten restaurants in the region!****Original reviewsJust to re-iterate, if there was the hottest woman on earth, or Niagara Cafe food, I would be spending the night alone, and full. Wow! 5/5What my review originally said was that this is in a bad area. Bad area for me usually means honest, hardworking people with a low average income (the kind of area I've lived in quite a few times in my life), but apparently a resident of the West Side did not take kindly to me describing it as such, and I received a lot of abuse for my review, and thereby deleted it.Basically here is the gist of it.Latino Food is hard to come by in Upstate NY. If you're in or near the city, you are spoiled, whereas if you're out West or in most major cities, you have some authentic Mexican (not advertised as "authentic Mexican" mind you, which would mean it was guaranteed 100% American)... but simply put, you should never try Mexican food in Buffalo.However, this Puerto Rican style food joint makes up for Buffalo's lack of Tacos and then some. Puerto Rican (and Latino Caribbean food in general) is insanely delicious. It's something like Mexican and Argentinian and Colombian, but more like Cuban, but more than anything it's utterly delicious.I get, and highly recommend you get, the Pernil (roasted pork), with rice and beans and soup (all comes with it), and the red sauce. The red sauce makes the meal - it's very tangy and garlicy and dreamy - ask for extras before you leave (trust me). Also, if you like your food soaked and juicy and scrumptious like I do, ask for the juice to be put all over the rice/potatoes for you. That will really take it to the next level... Puerto Rican food can be a little dry at times, but if you get all that Pernil juice poured all over it, with the sauce and the soup too... it's an otherworldly experience.I have tried Puerto Rican places in Florida, New York City, and on Long Island, and this one is still my favourite. The red sauce must be an illegal drug because it is too good to be legal. Bravo, Niagara Cafe - Bravo. Heart.P.S. It's in a really, really, really, really, really, really horrible, terrible, scary area. Joke.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/31/2012,19,182,2,6,2>Oh my gosh!  A wonderful find on the Island!  Great staff and a wonderful variety of foods.After taking my time with the menu, trying to decide what to order because it all sounded amazing, I ordered the chicken Alfredo and my friend the pork chop.  They brought us a generous chunk of home made bread with some Parmesan and herbs sprinkled lightly on the top.My friend was presented with a beautiful salad and I opted for one of three soups to choose from, the Italian Wedding,which was loaded with lots of little meatballs.My Alfredo was more than enough to eat, took 2/3 home and not over salted. I do not know whoever told restaurants that people really like salty food.  I prefer to add, as needed, and this did not need any extra garnish.Perhaps this means no MSG.  Plenty of flavor and no heartburn!My friend's pork chop was the size and thickness of a large filet Mignon.His scoop of mashed sweet potatoes kept drawing my eyes, I know what I'm ordering next time.When we ordered coffee, they made a fresh pot and must have the fastest coffeemaker.It arrived almost immediately.The service, the best and, the food, equally good.My friend said the fish fry and the banana peppers are just as nice.Looking forward to more than a couple more dinners here.SIX STARS
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,10/30/2012,96,50,3,10,4>We went to the Liberty Hound for a late lunch on a weekend.  Moe was playing at Canalside later that evening, so the large, attractive patio area had a local jam band duo playing the same two chords over and over again. Never mind, though - here's a location on the water that serves drinks, good food, and has an ambiance heretofore unattainable in WNY. Seriously, given how Erie and Niagara Counties are surrounded by two Great Lakes and a river between them, (including a significant waterfall of some sort), it's incredible how few decent restaurants exist that have outdoor seating on the water. Luckily, Liberty Hound is one of those few. The interior area, where we ate to avoid the jam band, was relatively cozy, but not too tight in terms of space. There's a bar area, as well, and the aforementioned large deck overlooking Buffalo's inner harbor and Canalside. We tried the "fry basket" starter, with good fries, truffle oil, garlic, and sprinkled parmesan cheese. It was all good, but the garlic was a touch overpowering. The fish tacos were phenomenal - fresh fish, battered & deep-fried to a golden-brown, served with cheese, some homemade green tomatillo sauce, pico de gallo, and cabbage slaw.  Each bite gives you a bit of everything, and everything goes together quite well. It came with a small, fresh green salad on the side with a mild vinaigrette. The fish & chips uses the same fish, and came with similar slaw and some of those great fries.  Although I didn't try the lobster roll, I saw other tables getting it and it looks fantastic - overstuffed with lobster and a sizeable portion. Incidentally, these things all go well with a tall glass of a cold offering from New York's own Ommegang Brewery. I like the Liberty Hound not only because the food is pretty darn good, but also partly because of what it represents - the slow transformation of what was once a waterside parking lot into a vibrant public space that will hopefully someday be filled with restaurants, cafes, shops, and other things to do. Buffalo - this could be the start of something good.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/29/2012,132,190,2,5,2>I spontaneously decided I wanted to color my hair so I walked into the salon and asked if they took walk ins. They did! And they got me in an appointment just 45 minutes later. Awesome. I got matched up with Jenny and asked for a kinda funky ombre style color and just a trim to help make my thin hair look a little fuller. I was definitely thrilled with both the cut and color- though I got a little uncomfortable with the color the next day when I had to style it myself. So I called the next day and they got me in to do a quick tone down of the blonde I had requested. Totally my fault, but nonetheless, Jenny was there to fix and she was more than happy to do it and didn't charge me. I was so grateful they could squeeze me in both days and how nice they were about it. Sometimes having to go back and get something retouched is uncomfortable and they didn't make me feel that way at all. Just wanted to be sure I was happy.Everyone at the salon was SO nice and greeted you with warm smiles. Plus the  location on Elmwood is fabulous. I'd highly recommend checking out Karma.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,10/28/2012,41,57,7,10,5>Julie, Julie, Julie....Being new to Buffalo, I'm experiencing a lot of firsts, and Julie is my first fabulous cut and color....  I was a little freaked out and nervous to start the seasonal blond to brown transition... And not to mention I had a completely new to me person coloring and cutting my hair.  I arrived promptly at 4:00, and had to hang out for a half hour or so.  But - it's Friday, end of the day - I was OK with the wait.  It'd be neat though if their online booking system could notify you via email that they are running a few minutes behind....  Just a thought...Anyhow.. back to Julie, something about her demeanor, really laid back and calming - she gave me an "I got this vibe" - sit back and relax and I'll see you in a bit with a fabulous new cut and color, and that was exactly what happened..I don't know what I was expecting, but Julie, knocked my flip flops off.  She made me feel hot and sexy again.  Based on one cut, I would 100% recommend her to anyone, even my mother.  She was AMAZING, in ever sense of the word!!!Prices: I was expecting my bill to be at least $150, thinking closer to $180.  Color, Highlights, Toner, Cut (a really good cut, not just a trim) and Style...Grand total $140....  I pay my therapist more money an hour and Julie did a better job of relaxing me and making me feel more confident.Definitely will be back!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,10/27/2012,63,92,1,5,5>Westside Stories is, by all definitions, a community supporting small business that really cares about the community.  Not only do they have a wide variety of used books - honestly, something for every taste and pleasure - but with frequent musical performances and other free community events, they are one of those businesses really working hard to make a difference in the resurgence of the West Side.Stop and an peruse the shelves, and be prepared to find the common, the forgotten and more than one gem.  Yes, their product supply is a slave to what they can bring in, being a 2nd hand book store, but they do a great job to seek the new, the old and the unusual.  Will you find EXACTLY what you want every time?  Probably not.  That's the nature of such a store.  Will you find something worthwhile every time?  That is almost guaranteed.And with very friendly, knowledgeable and dedicated proprietors on hand to help you, you won't walk away disappointed.Make the trip to check them out.  I highly recommend it.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,10/26/2012,13,70,,5,4>Have been meaning to go there for a few years now; their spot in WGRZ's "Buffalo's 10 Best restaurants" made us finally do it.  Called for a Saturday evening reservation on a Wednesday - was told they were booked but could try to walk-in & get a table on the patio.  Considering it was supposed to be 80 that day with no chance of rain, we decided to chance it. Place opens @ 5pm & we arrived @ 5:10pm.  We were asked by hostess to give her 5 minutes so we went to the bar - I tried the tasty Marzen/Amber & hubby had Stella Artios (his new "fancy going out beer" lol.)  Gorgeous restaurant & bar with a cool vintage/restoration vibe.  We were seated on patio after about 12-15 minutes with apologies from the hostess for the wait.The patio is great.  Very roomy, intimate, nice atmosphere.  The sun does hit some tables after 6pm or so, but people moved themselves over a tad as the evening wore on - not a big deal. The waitress came & reviewed the specials, all of which sounded fantastic.  Assistant/busser (what the hell do you call these guys?) brought over a carafe of ice water, bread & dipping oil.  The oil is kind of orange & looked like hot sauce to me at first, lol.  Ended up being some sort of red pepper-infused oil (I think?)  Very nice.For my salad, I chose the Smoked Salmon-wrapped Grilled Asparagus over Mesclun with avocado, marinated tomatoes & creamy wasabi caper dressing.  The flavor was amazing - smooth, smokey & creamy.  Loved it.  I could not recall the dressing until I reviewed the menu again - to be honest, they probably could have thrown some peppercorn ranch on & it would have been just as delish.  It's the smoked salmon & avocado that make this salad, IMO.For our appetizer, we decided to forgo our usual calamari, scallops or stuffed banana peppers - went with the Fried Oysters with Jalapeno Corn Salsa &  Creole Roumelade.  We were not disapppointed.  Although I've enjoyed mussels & clams many many times, I've not had oysters too often. These were lightly breaded & fried to perfection - tender & flavorful and not a bit chewy. I should note there were at least 6 or 7 pieces - very nice-sized portion.  The roumelade had quite a kick, but we enjoy spicy food so this was a good thing!  Husband ordered one of their specials - a strip steak with bacon, blue cheese & red wine demi-glace served with mashed potatoes & seasonal veggies.  Thank God he's making an attempt to order meat medium, rather than medium-well or (gasp!) well done. It was perfect - pink but not red, and not a drop of blood in sight. The meat was very tender & the accompaniments complimented the beefy flavor beautifully.I am a sucker for pasta with shellfish, so I went for the Carrot Papardella tossed with Shrimp, Crabmeat & Lobster served in a shellfish-brandy cream w/julienne vegetables, arugala & tarragon.  Wow.  Just wow.  The pasta was very obviously homemade - just wonderful.  I was so full from the salad & oysters that I took at least half of this home & I can't wait to eat the rest!  Light & creamy without being too rich.  Hubby liked it too.Passed on dessert, as we were just too full.  Offerings included tiramisu, pina colada cake & chocolate cake w/PB ganache.  The prices were reasonable ( 2 beers, a salad, an appie & 2 entrees with tax were less than $100.) We will definitely come back.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,10/25/2012,64,70,4,10,4>Bacchus is one of those places that I never think to go to.  I walk past it about a dozen or so times per week, as its in my neighborhood, but whenever it comes time to decide where to eat, I always seem to graze over it as an option.  Maybe it's the fact that there's no parking (albeit they offer a complimentary valet service) but I just never think "Let's go to Bacchus tonight."  Well, that stops now.  Last Saturday I was in a heated IPhone group message battle with three of my buddies about where to go to dinner.  Back and forth, to and fro, "Papaya."  "Prime490."  "Remington."  "Screw you bro, I am not driving out to North Tonawanda..."  This went on for about 30 minutes before we settled on Bacchus, which was a really great idea.  Our reservation was at 8:30, which meant for our fourth friend - Steve, he'd show up around 9:15.  So, we had a drink at the bar and it turns out we knew the bartender and the house comp'd us an appetizer at the bar, which was a really great fried calamari and rock shrimp, with an orange sweet and sour glaze.  That was awesome stuff -- crispy, but not greasy.We took our time with dinner, enjoyed ourselves and dined slowly.  I had the wedge salad, which was different for me - because the bacon was still warm.  Iceberg lettuce is pretty easy deal for most restaurants to handle, so the salads are usually plated ahead of time.  This one must not have been, because the bacon was still hot with a little oil left on it - which is awesome.  The warmness of the bacon actually wilted the grape tomatoes a little bit.  Sometimes, its the little things.  I had the pork chop Milanese, which was awesome - fried crispy and brown.  Thin and plentiful, with a really great flavor.  The bone was still in, so as I worked my way closer to it, the meat started get even more flavorful - almost, dare I say -- smoky.   I reccomend it -- quite amazing.    All in all, I had a really great meal - which will lead me to say next time we dine, "Let's go to Bacchus tonight."
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,10/24/2012,20,81,,1,3>My friend from out of town wanted pub grub and I have never visited this place, so I had to give it a shot.  Besides it makes a better story for him when he goes back to say he ate at a place where DDD once filmed.It was in the afternoon so we sat right at the bar and ordered a drink and got a menu.  The bartender was polite, and as our time went on he talked a bit more and seemed like a great guy.The first thing you notice is the great woodwork on the bar, it has an old feel to it.  However if you start looking around you notice the carpet and ceilings aren't in the best condition, and the layout seems like a hodge-podge of things.  Of course lots of stuff on the wall, mostly local things from the neighborhood.  I assume this place would be characterized as a dive, so I'm cool with that.We both ordered burgers, I got bacon, cheese, LTO, and bbq sauce with a side of homemade tater tots.  Not sure what my friend got casue I stuffed my face, all I know is that he loved it. It didn't take long to get our meals, and we promptly dove in. The burger was cooked perfect (Medium) and of course the bacon and cheese were um well bacon and cheese, so of course they are fantastic.  After a few bites I ditched the tomatoes; tomatoes are really the biggest waste on a burger.  However the real star of this dish were the tots.  They were larger then a normal tot and filled with cheddar and jalapeno peppers.  I probably would give the burger on it's own 3 stars, but the tots are what really did it for me.  I would go out of my way for the tots on a weekly basis if I actually had a decent metabolism.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/23/2012,96,404,3,3,7>Oh! My! GOD!!!  This place is absolutely AMAZING!  I LOVE everything about it.  It's a good thing I live far away or else I'd be here every day and one of the following would happen:a: The people who work here would think I'm a crazy stalker ladyb:  I'd weigh 500 poundsc:  BOTHThe building is beautiful.  The people who work here are super nice.  And, the food is AWESOME!!  We stopped here for lunch this past Saturday when bringing my son home from summer camp.  Lucky for me East Aurora is on the way home from Gainesville.  Very, very lucky!!I had a soup and half a sandwich combo.  I opted for the Chilled Curried Roasted Yellow Pepper and Carrot Soup which was garnished with Greek yogurt, cucumber, and cilantro. Wow!  It was the perfect summer soup!  And for my sandwich I chose a Shaved Vegetable Sandwich.....fennel, radish, carrot, beets, and greens with green goddess dressing, goat cheese, roasted almonds, and garlic spread on Sunflower Levain bread.  What a WONDERFUL combination of flavors.  Fresh and hearty.  And, the bread..... baked right there.  I think part of the fun was sitting at the counter and watching the baker perform his magic.  We had full view of the proofing oven, the baker pulling fresh loaves out of the brick oven, and dozens of loaves cooling on racks.  If THAT doesn't boost your appetite, I don't know what will.We picked up a couple of cookies to eat later with dinner..... a vanilla bean shortbread cookie and a brown butter chocolate chip one.  Let me just end this by saying that they were devoured before we even reached the 400 Expressway!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,10/22/2012,0,1,3,4,3>Living downtown I was so excited for butterwoods sweet and savory to open. Went on a Monday night and we were the only table. As soon as I walked in I knew I would love it. Our sever was so professional, the menu was different.. The grilled romaine, chicken small plate, tuna pizza and salted caramel praline tart all came out perfect. The decor is beautiful and contemporary. On my top 3 list of best buffalo restaurants! Will be back next week!  Great date place. Go!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,10/21/2012,41,23,1,4,3>The prepared foods bar is a great lunch or dinner option. The standbys - salad bar and sides are usually kicked up a notch and there is always something new to try.Today is Tuesday which means there is a Hispanic flair to the hot bar options. I chose roasted pork loin with tomatoes and corn. I also grabbed a premade bean burrito - which was cut into thirds - a nice size for trying it out for the first time. I grabbed a dollop of fresh guac and a teensy bit of salad to keep it healthy. All of this jammed into a blue corn shell was DIVINE (no, I did not shove the burrito into the shell, silly). The little burrito was a tad dry but the flavor was alllll there. The beans were cooked perfectly. Baby burrito could have benefited from some guac but I gobbled it all down with the pork. That pork was charred to perfection with just the right amount of garlic and spice.I am always impressed with the hot bar options but more so the chef's willingness to have you try and taste. I have been greeted by the chef many times and encouraged to take a taster of something I wasn't sure about. It ALWAYS results in me scooping something wonderful into a to-go container. I didn't have soup tonight but I cannot review the Co-op without touting their soupabilities. Seriously, they know their stuff. I especially like the fall selections - pumpkin, potato, squash, gumbo, etc. I am always so happy after a bowl full. They usually have plenty of vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free options. If it is not obvious, do not hesitate to ask. Finally, they publish a calendar of their monthly plan. This is not set in stone and there are always several add-ons but it still gives you a pretty good idea of what they have. I LOVE THE CO-OP!!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,10/20/2012,14,15,,3,2>Great selection of gelato and gelato-like frozen treats. The coffee/hot drink options are minimal (which I prefer to the overwhelming fancy drink list in most cases) and contains the best chai latte I've had in town. They also fill your cannoli when you order it which non-supermarket cannoli sellers all probably do but it's always a nice touch.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,10/19/2012,11,59,,3,3>Talking Leaves is an independent bookstore that has been around since 1971.  How great is it that we have an independent bookstore that has been kickin' for almost 40 years?  Membership was $5 from the start of the business in 1971 and they never raised that fee until maybe a year or two ago (now $10).  Find me a more people/reader friendly policy!We are lucky to have such an established, idiosyncratic bookstore like Talking Leaves in our city, that can honestly trace its beginnings back to a time when independent businesses for independent thinkers were becoming the rage (the Lexington Co-op can say the same).Anyway - two locations, one on Main St. near UB South Campus and the other on Elmwood near Bidwell (attached to Caffe Aroma).  The Main St. location is the larger of the two.  Personally I have been a member of TL for 5 years and frequent the Elmwood location more often.  They have a very nice selection that covers an array of subjects; I love the fact that they will search the inventory at the Main St. store from the Elmwood store, have the book brought down to Elmwood, then call me to let me know it's in.  They'll also try and order books for you as well if you cannot find what you are looking for.  With the membership you get a 10% that they will add on top of the 15% off sales they do on occasion.  Try to get that kind of personal touch from a website... nothing is wrong with Amazon but it's hard to beat the feeling of having a personal book nerd!TL has an eclectic collection of magazines to choose from and various other things you may expect to find - my favorite is probably the card selection, including cards handmade right here in Buffalo.If you love books, independent bookstores and live here or happen to be visiting, I would definitely guide you towards Talking Leaves.  At Elmwood you have the benefit of four coffee shops (aforementioned Caffe Aroma, Spot Coffee, Comfort Zone, $tarbuck$) within very short walking distance to sit and enjoy your new purchase.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,10/18/2012,13,65,,4,2>I had lunch here today with my sister-in-law. What a wonderful little surprise in a strip plaza across from McKinley Mall! It was quite crowded with women like us, lunching and shopping, yet the service was very good. It's a simple little place but the menu is large and varied. I chose the soup of the day, a creamy chicken and rice that was loaded with both and delicious. For my entree I chose the "autumn salad:" sun flower seeds, raisins, dried cranberries, walnuts, and oranges served on a bed of baby lettuce and served with warm pita bread. It was huge and wonderful. I chose a raspberry vinaigrette dressing. My sister-in-law had a salad topped with fresh tuna cooked rare. She chose a wasabi based dressing with a little kick. I tried it and it was was excellent! A nice place for lunch in the Southtowns.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,10/17/2012,21,107,4,5,3>I hate walking the dog. Today I had to go to Hallwalls for tickets to something and I was hungry so I was triply motivated to halter up the animal and head south on Delaware Ave. I pressed my face into the glass at Panaro's. I noticed they used the apostrophe correctly. I took it as a sign and I went in.The soup of the day was seafood chowder but it was sold out. I thought about getting a salad, but I hate bad salad as much as I hate dog walking. Maybe more, cause I have lowered expectations out of a dog walk... I had to read fast because the dog was leashed to a bench. Dandelions leapt out at me. They were sauteed and added to a chicken sandwich with melted mozzarella on a homemade roll. I kind of hate chicken sandwiches because they're usually dry and boring, and I usually hate mozzarella because if it's not fresh it's so plasticky, but I love dandelions. They brought me my sandwich out to the bench. The dog and I hightailed it home, with me allowing only essential dog sniffing. What is with Buffalonians and styrofoam? That said, the sandwich was superb. Smallish roll, not too doughy, tender, not too overwhelming. Delicious sauteed onion and dandelions that were a real element, not just a thin layer. Even the chicken was acceptable. What can I say, I'm a jerk about mozzarella.There's a dandelion vegetarian pizza that I am counting the days until I can get to. Maybe I'll start to hate walking the dog a little less...
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/16/2012,51,88,3,8,2>In a dream world, I would be able to frequent businesses I like for every service that I need. But this is hard, and it seems to be even harder for services that are actually a necessity. In the case of Elmwood Specs, I had been eying them up for awhile but was intimidated to leave my already kinda OK Eye doctor for someone else. I assumed because of their Elmwood locale that it would be too expensive to be worth it.However, I recently decided to start wearing contacts and follow the "We match 1800 contacts" sign into Elmwood Specs...Here are some notes on my experience:-Frames: I spent some time looking at frames in the store, and found that though they do have many frames that are designer and trendy, they have some frames for below $100 per frame, which to me is pretty inexpensive. I definitely plan on going back to them for frames in the future.-Contacts: My contacts were $180 for a year supply of monthlies, and had a rebate. This is a little lower  priced then I expected based on what my contact wearing friends told me. I felt really well-informed after my contact training. Also, they give you free contact solution as often as you need it! Last time I was there,  I told the Robert, who did my contact fitting / training, that I used a whole bottle in less than 2 weeks and he sent me packing with 4 boxes of the stuff.-Service: They were really friendly to me, and accommodating when I needed to reschedule one of my appointments. They seemed to be really thorough, and even though I am not an expert in eye care I felt like my exam, contact fitting, and follow up contact appointment were all done very meticulously. If compared to previous experiences I would say they were as good as any eye doc I've had, if not better. Plus they were so laid back about the choices I made in my purchases they did not seem like sales people at ALL to me. Which is unique among all my other experiences with eye wear.-Health insurance: They took mine (Independent Health), and I noticed a wall of Medicaid frames, and was under the impression they take a lot of different kinds. Yay!-Hours / Scheduling: They have evening and Saturday hours, thank goodness, or I would not be their customer. They were also really flexible with scheduling the follow ups I needed and got me taken care of pretty quickly.Over all, I'm so happy I found another business that can meet my needs in my neighborhood, instead of trekking unnecessarily far. They have everything I really need from the business, and I would definitely recommend them if anyone asked. They provide a good service and I don't even feel like I paid extra for it. And as a bonus, you can reward yourself with a latte or juice afterwords from Ashker's for supporting local!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/15/2012,32,67,,5,2>I stopped in here recently with a large group of friends and we were pleasantly surprised with the place! The beer selection is fantastically diverse and the bartender who serves it (Ben) is conversational and friendly. Moving on from drinks, we were seated at a table to order appetizers and dinner plates. For apps, we tried the Haus cheese board, basil truffle fries (oh my gosh -- these were soooooo good!), and the homemade chips (crispy and very yummy!). Everything was delicious. For my dinner selection, I chose the pesto spaetzle. The serving was large enough to split amongst two people. It was tasty, but a bit oily. This is my first time trying spaetzle, though, so I'm not sure if this is common or not. Overall, the experience was great. The staff is very friendly and the service is excellent. I would go again! (Actually, I plan to just to try the Hindenberger!)
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/14/2012,119,125,2,3,3>I attended a Cheese 101 class last night at Nickel City Cheese. Since I'd never been to the restaurants formerly at this location, I was surprised and wowed by the elevated back patio. It's surprisingly spacious, while at the same time, if feels like a secret garden hideaway. (Do you think anyone would notice if I moved it for the summer?) The class, attended by about 10 other fellow cheese nuts, was led by owner Jill Forster. The pace was relaxed, and Jill was open to questions and comments throughout. Bonus: you can bring alcohol. While I didn't think to bring wine, I was fortunate to feel like part of the family when one student shared his bottle with everyone. The selections began with fresh, homemade pasta filata (amazing), and moved through soft-ripened or bloomy rind, natural rind, semi-hard (a Spanish, farmstead goat cheese called Garroxta), to hard, washed-rind and a remarkable Roquefort. Another stand-out was a Pecorino Ginepro (a raw, farmstead sheep's milk cheese from Italy) that was "bathed in balsamic vinegar and juniper."  I tried cheeses I'd never had before, and, in short, I am no longer afraid of stinky cheese. I strongly recommend an upcoming cheese class. You can find the schedule on the web site. I hesitate to even classify last night as a "class" - call it a hearty tasting and learning experience. There was nothing pedantic about last night. Try. Taste. Fall in love with a new cheese. I think I'm in love with Jill, too.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/13/2012,28,88,,2,2>Stopped here on a Friday night.  Bellied up to the bar and ordered a Makers Mark cocktail to start-mmm-then a Xingu! (A most delicious Brazilian beer that was introduced to me by a patron at another fabulous dining location)  The companion drank draft Rusty Chain for the evening.  The bar was an interesting experience.  (The place is loud as heck. Thank you tin ceiling and hardwood flooring.)  The bartender seemed pretty hands off, but attentive to us when we were running low on fluids, and let us enjoy our drinks and meals.  We shared the Tuna Tartare appetizer.  Came with a sriracha-like sauce and wasabi.  Silky and refreshing.  I enjoyed the duck confit pizzetta, and the companion enjoyed the pork enchiladas.  Both were as you would expect--scrumptious!  What would make it a 5 for me??  Maybe another visit, maybe saving enough room to see what they have going on for dessert?
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,10/12/2012,104,79,3,7,4>This is my first full summer in Buffalo since 2005, and I'm currently going through a "discover every park in Western New York" phase. Sporadic employment leads to idle time, which leads to meeting my boyfriend for lunch in Depew and mapping out all the nearby parks. Previously unfamiliar with the area, I've recently started climbing up the ladder to expert status on parks in the Depew/Lancaster/Cheektowaga area. So what have I discovered, other than the fact that I need new hobbies? Como Lake Park in Lancaster is hands-down the best park around that area. It's named after Como Lake, a tourist resort in Northern Italy, and it's huuuge (totally, in the Fuccillo way). It's a little oasis in the middle of the suburbs, where you can forget where you are for a minute. There's a really nice lighthouse by the lake, and there are plenty of picnic tables and tons of space to go on a nice walk or bike ride. You may even walk into a history lesson. I love it.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,10/11/2012,113,171,2,7,7>Finally Hertel is getting some more cred in the city!  While all of the focus of new businesses has been elmwood for some time, Hertel is the forgotten little step sister.  Thanks to Village Beer Merchant, they took an abandon store front and converted it into a new business.  Before I walked in, I had my doubts.  VBM has some good beers, but their prices can be  a lil high.   Walking in, you are greeted by munchies heaven.  Definitely some different and obscure snacks that you won't find at your local grocery store.  I definitely picked up a package of Frank's hot sauce flavored sunflower seeds!  Next, the beers are in the back.  Having just opened a week or so ago, everything is brand new, but it's a very clean set up.  Several racks displaying their beer are around the place, making it very easy to shop around.  When talking to the associate, I was told there is a slightly different selection of beers here than the Elmwood location, notably featuring belgium beers.  A lot of your favorites at Blue Monk are now available at a cheaper bottle price for home!  They definitely have a lot of beers that I haven't seen before.  I love the fact that their growler taps are 1/2 of Buffalo's own brews, nothing like a homage to the hometown!  Their hours are also very convenient to the weekend drinker (open to 11pm on Friday/Saturday).  While I might not purchase a mainstream ( i.e. saranac/sierra nevada) 6 pack here (for Wegmans prices can be a little better), the close approximacy, the rarity of beers will definitely keep me a regular here for awhile.  Nice work VBM!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,10/10/2012,2,13,2,2,3>You do get free samples when you order on-line, but you can also get free samples in the store.  All you have to do is ask and they will put a trial size in a little plastic container and into a baggie which they label so you aren't confused about what you get.  Did you know that you can make an appointment with one of the consultants?  I made a skin care appt with Leslie and she sat me down in the middle of the store, washed all my make up off (sure, a little self conscious) and then used different masks and lotions on me to show me how they work/feel/smell.  It was like getting a facial, and it was completely free!  I was there about an hour.  Of course I bought a bunch of stuff, but she also gave me samples to take home.  Now I have an all new skincare routine!If you really want good assistance, make sure to make an appt or go during the week when the store is quieter.  The consultants there are extremely friendly and helpful.  I never buy anything new without talking to someone first. Sephora: like a toy store for women!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,10/9/2012,47,73,,9,3>Really cool breakfast/brunch/lunch option, and I believe the first creperie in the WNY area.  It's a small quaint cafe with a open kitchen concept, so you can watch the cooks work their crepe-building magic.  I decided to get front row seats and sit up close at the creperie bar stools.  The Sunday edition of the Buffalo news was available right next to me, so I read as I sipped my coffee....perfect!  Even though it was a great view, I found it difficult to eat a full breakfast at this spot, so I think I'll be getting a table next visit.The menu is definitely on the sweet and savory side.  They have a build your own crepe station menu with 23 different ingredients to choose from ($1 each), with the option of getting buckwheat (gluten free) crepes as well.  They also have french toast (looked very yummy), egg breakfast, pancakes, 3 egg omelettes, dessert crepes, and a couple salad options in case you're not in the egg break'n mood.  The prices are a little on the high side, but this place does have the fresh, quality, and the fun factors going on to make up for that.I decided to go with a chicken, bacon, granny smith apple, and cheddar savory crepe.  It came with a side spring mix salad in a light vinaigrette and a small side of mixed fruit.  Everything was Excellent!  Even the coffee was great, and later on I found out why, as the beans are roasted locally from Kornerstone coffee.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,10/8/2012,3,15,1,5,3>I find Pizza Plant to be a very unique restaurant.  When I think of getting pizza in Buffalo, I think of getting takeout from my favorite neighborhood place or a post-bar, late night visit to a pizza place that only has a counter and a few rotating trays of available slices.  Pizza Plant has a clean, corporate chain style atmosphere but it is all Buffalo right down to describing their large size pods as needing a level of "Paul Gaustad" hunger.  Their menu is extensive and everything I have had there is delicious.On my last visit, I decided to try their Curried Garden Nachos appetizer and I was not disappointed.  The broccoli and spinach combination with the curry flavor was awesome and exceptional.  For my meal, it's always a hard decision weather to go with a pod or stuffed pizza.  I spend my time waiting for a seat by planning out my combination for either one.  They have great creations on specialty pizzas and pods if you don't care for that much thought when ordering food.The bottom line everything on the menu is good from their apps to their awesome beer list.  Pizza Plant rocks!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,10/7/2012,6,14,3,3,2>Just Vino is just the cutest wine bar I've come across in Buffalo. It's very laid back and cozy and would recommend to anyone in Buffalo or traveling to Buffalo. The menu is pretty extensive and includes beer also. I've never been disappoitned with this establishment and have hosted a handful of parties for work and friends and everyone always has a great time!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,10/6/2012,72,331,2,5,3>Man you gotta love The Old Pink, as it is dive bar perfection at its best. I mean it has been a mainstay in Allentown for years and hasn't changed a bit. I've finished up countless nights of drinking here and always run into a random someone I know but haven't seen in awhile when I do. Holiday times allows you to also meet your friends who are back visiting as they also are drawn to this buffalo staple for the last couple of hours of drinking when in town.Last night might have been the first time I was here before the 1-2am mark and was only time I ate there. Went for the first ever Buffalo Yelp happy hour and they made for gracious hosts. The burger was amazing mainly due to it being cooked to perfection and then topped off with the most delicious onions and mushrooms (which the bartender was kind enough to let me know was due to them being soaked in Guinness in a slow cooker for 4-5 hours) They are famed for their steak sandwich, which after the burger I will make a point to go out of my way to try.Thanks Yelp, I knew this was a great place to drink, but now know the food kicks ass as well.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/5/2012,21,41,,4,2>It was a great way to spend a Monday afternoon with a few out of town guests.  I loved the tour, the history behind the house and the story of Martin and Wirght. Make sure you buy your tickets online before you go, they seem to sell out often.   We did the 1 hour tour, where we watched a video in the new visitor center and saw the main house.The highlight was definitely our docent.  She was perfect, very knowledgeable and was great at telling the story of the house.   The house is cool and so interesting, but parts of the interior are still being restored (2nd floor and kitchen).
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,10/4/2012,126,349,,3,2>I thought I should update my review since I must have been here at least 15 more times since I wrote it last January! We've still only sat in the bar area of the restaurant - hubby enjoys watching sports on the 12+ TVs (especially the gigantic one behind the bar), you get to enjoy specials that don't apply to the restaurant portion, and it must be a promotion to work this area because we haven't had a bad experience in months (quite the opposite, we are always super happy with the service!).  There was once that my sandwich came with onions when I had asked for it without- and despite my insistence that it was fine, the manager came right over and then took it off the bill!!As for the food - we love it. Hubby almost always orders the jalapeno chicken fajitas (he claims they're some of the best he's ever had) and I bounce around between a few of the salads, chicken sandwiches, and the occasional entree with no complaints. I would suggest avoiding their forays into international cuisine, though - if you've had pad thai at a Thai place, you're not going to like the Jack Astor's version (but come on, you could have figured that out!). The wings have some weird batter-like substance on them and aren't my favorite, but for $5 during NFL games you can get a pound of them, or a whole pizza! They have a lot of other specials that change pretty often, especially during non-peak hours like 4-7 and 10-close. Although I would still suggest that you always ask about the special before ordering it - management has either changed or improved and we haven't had trouble with inconsistency lately - plus if I tell our server that's what I'm going for, they always make sure it rings up right. The re-model of the bar area is also great (although I do miss the windows between the 2 spaces) which included new TVs for sharper, brighter pictures.  The actual restaurant portion of the place is more accommodating for kids and attracts more of the mall shoppers as opposed to people just visiting the restaurant. They cover the tables in brown paper and leave cups of crayons around for you - i mean the kids - to draw all over it with. It's the same menu (including a kids menu on the back) and they have free dumdums on your way out :-)
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/3/2012,165,165,2,5,3>Love this place. I actually ate in for the first time instead of getting takeout as I usually do because its soo good and they give generous portions. The inside is clean, decorated nicely and has a TV overhead if needed (no sound). We were seated right away by a cheerful ad smiling hostess and our orders were taken quickly. We ordered Riesling for a beverage and spring rolls for an appetizer. The Riesling was poured from individual small chilled bottles, and made for a generous pour once in the glass. The spring rolls were hot and had a nice flaky outer shell with perfectly cooked veggies inside. For the entree, I had the Singapore Mei fun which is a very fine noodle, stir fried with shrimp, chicken, pork and veggies. There was enough on the plate to eat the dinner, tomorrows lunch and dinner tomorrow. My guest had sesame chicken which came out in abundance also. The chicken wasn't just the normal chunks, but strips of meat, lightly breaded ans seasoned just right and was served with a side of white rice. They not only have all the traditional Chinese dishes but Thai and Vietnamese also. Our waiter as attentive and there when I needed him, watching over the restaurant the entire time. Its a small place in a small strip mall but well worth checking out! If I could, I would give it 41/2 stars.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/1/2012,24,64,,9,4>I love this restaurant.It was hard to find a great place for Asian food in Buffalo, but I have found my Asian food-love in Gin Gin. Ohh the awesome shrimp wonton soup - takes 20 minutes to make cause its all hand made fresh to order... 8 golf ball size shrimp and pork wontons in a deletable chicken broth!! Nothing is carried over to the next day according to the friendly female owner/front end manager who, with her chef husband co-owner craft some serious chow!Anything "chop" on the menu is a good bet, curry is mild and fragrant, Ma Po tofu, chow fun...over 200 dishes. Some Chino-american, some totally authentic .. I like salt and pepper squid and congee  as much as orange chicken....try the homemade milk tea.I haven't eaten my way through the menu, but I'm working on it.The place is clean, always busy, and provides the best service I have ever had in an Asian eatery.Try this humble joint - order at the counter, picka table, wait a bit more than usual, pay a bit more than usual, enjoy alot more that you would expect!!!Awesome!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/30/2012,75,42,3,8,4>I'll keep it sweet and simple, because that's how Swannie House rolls...You come to drink pitchers of beers, and get cheap eats at a very low key/chill saloon. You can't beat 25 cents wings on Sunday! Especially, when the weather is nice and you can spend your lazy Sunday out on the back patio. Although, W. J. Morrissey's (down the street) is lively and fun to pre-game for Sabres games. This is a great alternative, when you're feeling cliquey and just want to enjoy the group you came through the door with. But, I can't promise some of the colorful regulars won't charm their way into your conversation!No fuss, no muss...just a guaranteed relaxing time at a traditional Buffalo bar!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,9/29/2012,26,141,6,3,2>I've been craving noodles for almost a year, and have been hunting this great city like Wile E Coyote. Finally my hopes and dreams were answered in Kaydara. This place has swanky date night written all over it; it also has, get ready to stuff your gob with delicious noodles (that's right, date night equals plenty of food, and little small talk) My friend ordered the Brussels sprouts and kindly shared these sweet and tender little morsels. I ordered the udon noodles with beef, friend 1 ordered egg noodles with mega sized prawns, and friend 2 ordered the wheat noodles with beef. On first bite my steaming bowl of noodles, the heavens opened and angels started singing (it was probably the church music from the wedding across the street). The noodles themselves were perfectly cooked, while the beef was flavorful and tender. The prices here were amazingly reasonable considering the size bowl you get, leaving you with enough money to head up Edward to whet your whistle at Founding Fathers.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,9/27/2012,136,280,1,6,5>BYOB!!!!! With no corking fee!!! I have seen people come in with 12 packs of beer and/or multiple bottles of wine.  We need more BYOB restaurants - I go out of my way to come here for this fact alone.It also helps that their food is amazing! I generally order only pad-Thai at Thai restaurants, just because it's my favorite. I've sampled some of their other dishes and they are just as good.But let me remark upon their pad-Thai specifically: you can order it however spicy you want and let me tell you, it is spicy!! I love spicy and this place does not let you down.  In fact, I usually have to stick with mild, otherwise my nose will be running the whole time.  But the spiciness does not take away from the flavor.  There are lots of vegetables which taste perfectly fresh.  Lots of sauce that doesn't just slide off the noodles or vegetables.Staff is very friendly and professional and more than happy to cork your wine and refill your glass.I have to subtract a star because the setup in here is pretty awful ... it's basically just a huge room with tables scattered here and there.  The key to good ambiance in a restaurant is "grounding" the tables; put them either next to a wall, a free-standing wall, a plant or some other fixture/decoration.  Don't just throw them all over the room.  But the fact that I still come here despite the awful decor and lack of "feng shui" means that I *really* like the food (and the BYOB!).
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/26/2012,47,60,3,4,4>For the unitiated, a little dirt and danger in your food is a good thing. Sometimes your soul needs a night out, the body that carries it can bathe in purell later. A Steak sandwich from the Pink will remind you that you are alive. Don't look at it, don't worry about your dignity, just drop your face into it and enjoy (that is probably good advice for some other reviews but that's for another time). Good bartenders, a building that oozes so much character it might be sticking to your shoes. Best dive bar that should just keep on doing what it is doing and ignore the outside. Only place I've ever seen a dreadlocked college kid and woman somewhere south of 70 dance....to the Clash. Good bullshit free food, do it, go, now, you might hate yourself in the morning, but that's for later. Enjoy now
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,9/25/2012,82,198,3,7,6>Tom, the owner of Bella Mia's, forms a trifecta with my two other favorite local business owners (Sam of Emily's Restaurant and Emil of Queen City Bookstore). He is the nicest, most down to earth guy you can ever do business with and a total sweety. He is genuinely concerned with customer satisfaction and providing a good product at the best price. When I'm having a bad day I love to come in, get a treat and have a chat with Tom about life and comic books (he's a big DC fan, especially Batman). When my friend was pregnant with my goddaughter in 2005 she was having constant cravings for ice cream. On a fluke we went here to try it out and loved it instantly. It became a weekly ritual for us. I've been going here for 7 years now!!! In that time prices have went up mere pennies - he has some of the lowest prices in town for some of the best ice cream and his portions are large. The now-defunct Sweet Tooth on Elmwood charged double for the same brand in smaller portions (2 ST scoops was one Bella Mia scoop). In addition to serving a large variety of delicious Perry's ice cream flavors in a bowl, regular or waffle cone (some chocolate dipped/sprinkle cones available as well) he also makes milk shakes and sundaes. Want peanut butter on your ice cream? He'll put the real stuff in the chocolate melter and then pour it on. He also has a huge selection of "classic" candies (clove and violet gums and mints, Crystal Beach suckers and sometimes sugar waffles, Squirrel Nut Zippers, etc), Canadian imported candy bars, popular and obscure modern candy and house-made chocolates (truffles, peanut butter cups, chocolate coated pretzels, charlie chaplin's etc etc). He also sells sponge candy, seasonal items, Beatles' merchandise, Webkinz and metal lunch boxes. Very cute shop with a vintage vibe. Always clean and well-kept. Nice little parking lot. Bench out front for nice weather. First time homebuyers should also check out NACA next door - they help low to moderate income first time homebuyer's get low cost loans and closing cost assistance.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/24/2012,31,39,3,4,5>The "Bagel" - throughout it's upbringing has been recognized as a gift to women in childbirth (I'm pretty sure that can likely still stand true today), a member of the Polish national diet, or a Yeshivish term for sleeping 12 hrs straight (gee that sounds like a carb coma) - I crown thee Bagel Jay as home of the best ring of dough in Buffalo (rhyming unintentional). Sometimes I find myself complaining that not many "greats" make it to Buffalo, but then I remember all the places that come slapping me in the face. Especially when I travel and find myself just wishing there was a Bagel Jay's in the area. Over 19 delicious bagels to choose from as well as an array of "Schmears" - love that term - and other varieties of toppings, this is basically the pizza place of bakeries. I can't begin to list the many options from breakfast choices to deli lunch sandwiches - but a personal favorite would be a chicken salad on a wheat bagel. YUM.Go-er beware - Bagel Jay's (on delaware) hours are Mon - Fri,  6:30am - 5:00pm Sat & Sun 7:00 am - 4:00 pm.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,9/23/2012,22,41,2,4,2>What a lovely bakery and beautiful addition to the city. When Five Points Bakery first opened, my husband and I were smitten and got the bread share. It was wonderful riding down to the bakery each week to pick it up -- the only problem with it is the very thing I love about it. It is so fresh, we couldn't eat it fast enough! We continue to buy it regularly at their bakery, the Lexington Co-op and the Elmwood-Bidwell Farmer's Market. And we are all about half loaves when available too.My favorite thing they make has to be the whole wheat cinnamon buns with icing. Last summer, I got one almost every Saturday morning at the Elmwood-Bidwell Farmers' Market. They're worth it.The apple cinnamon bread, plus the savory bread offerings are fabulous...honest tasting and rich with authentic wheat flavor. The pizzas and burritos are tasty too. Check out their local good offerings in the bakery as well.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,9/22/2012,12,111,3,4,4>Bless me father for I have sinned...but there is something to Crow About at Rooster's!Today, I had the opportunity to take my niece and nephew to school.  Upon taking delivery of them at 7am, we brushed our hair and teeth and headed out the door with plenty of time for a nice breakfast.  Today's destination?  Rooster's!We walked into the restaurant and I was struck by how bright and clean everything appeared.  The owner and his team started to make a fuss over the kids.  There weren't many people in the place so we had our pick of tables.  Our waitress was very kind, she brought juice and a couple of toys for the children.  The owner quickly took our order and prepared the food.  He later struck up a conversation with me when he came out to check on us.  John is, rightfully, very proud of his restaurant, and he should be.  Did I mention that it is clean?  This is a point in which John takes such pride that he even brought out a sheaf of NYS Health Inspection forms which attest to his cleanliness.  Amazing!Back to the meal:  I ordered the bacon, egg, and pancake kids meals for my niece and nephew.  For myself, I ordered the pancakes and bacon.  Meat on Friday? (I forgot, ugh).  For those who wish to be more adventurous in their breakfast selections Rooster's offers daily specials along with quite a few specialty pancakes.The food was served in a very timely manner and really could not have been better.  The presentation might not have stood up to Nelson's Ridge or Betty's but who cares?The kids pancakes had "Mickey ears" and the scrambled eggs were done perfectly, no watery mess.  The bacon was nice and crisp, just the way it was meant to be served...unless you don't like your bacon crisp, in which case there is either something wrong with you or you are British.  The one area that needs improvement from my perspective?  They could probably benefit from slightly longer hours, especially on Sunday.What did the children think?  Well, here's my nephew's unsolicited review as we left the parking lot: "Uncle, I loved that restaurant, can we come here again?"Thank you John, Kevin, and gang for getting our morning off to a great start!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/21/2012,109,8,,5,3>As those who have read my other reviews know, I'm a recent pioneer/transplant to south buffalo, and the fare for vegetarians or those with healthier palates is sorely lacking in this part of the Queen City. But slowly the tide might be turning, thanks to recent happenings at Larkin Square, aka Larkinville, located at the blocks between Hydraulic and Emslie on Seneca. I was excited to check this place out, as I have eaten at its muse in Burlington Vermont, and any piece of Vermont coming to WNY sounds great by me! The place just opened and is already bustling with activity. There are a host of fun sandwiches, I had a vegetarian jamaican jerk, drinks and artisan chips served out of a 1950's style silver trailer. For those who don't have time to sit for a long meal at also recently opened spot  "The Filling Station, " Square One is a great excuse to check out the gorgeous new "quad for adults" as one friend put it, and either kick back with your sandwich in one of the adirondack chairs, or the awesomely comfy cushions scattered about, and even listen to live lunchtime music on Mondays and Thursdays. I love that this place is a hop skip and a jump from my house, and could jumpstart what has long been a depressed part of our city. I plan on making it a regular stop. Best of all is that it was a crazy hot day and the line was long and the staff were super awesome and friendly! Between the food, the service and the ambience of this beautiful new corner, I was really impressed.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,9/20/2012,69,317,,2,2>Great Buffalo B&B!  One of the best neighborhoods in Buffalo and the neighborhood is on the national registrar of historic places.  All beautiful early 1900 homes.  Walking distance to two Frank Lloyd Wright houses - Darwin Martin (open for tours) and the Davidson House (privately owned).  Also close to Hertel Avenue - lots of boutique shops, antiques, restaurants, and bars.  Owners are so hospitable and provide great recommendations of things to do in Buffalo.  Pricing is better than most hotels and you get a great breakfast with an intimate Buffalo experience.  Highly recommend it if coming to Buffalo or if you just want a weekend getaway within your own city!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,9/19/2012,61,48,,6,6>Niagara Seafood is my friend.  Mostly, Niagara Seafood is my banh mi friend, as it is the only place around Buffalo I can cheaply buy a crispy french baguette filled with fried tofu and pickled veggies.  Or whole clams in white sauce that I can dip bread into. From the first time I laid taste buds on this joint I knew it would be love.  I took my father here when he visited from Seattle because it was one of the few places I knew that could execute tripe dishes with an elegant pizazz; using simple broths and clever ingredients to combine each texture into one beautiful bowl of soup.  He was wowed, I was happy to share and we both left with the satisfaction one can only get from paying $20 and having their tummies feel like bursting.Really, though, if I have any advice for Niagara it is this: Go in. Be adventurous!  No regrets.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/18/2012,268,183,,4,4>DiBella's subs are SO BOMB, the best you can get in Buffalo. My friend recommended getting the Godfather "grilled" (as opposed to "classic style") on everything baked bread, and it was absolutely amazing! The Godfather consists of a beautiful combination of genoa salami, capicola, and spicy ham. It's very filling, and a large sub is enough for at least two meals for me. But it's so good that I just want to eat it in its entirety in one sitting! Their baked bread is similar to how Wegman's subs are made, they're like 14 inch bagel submarines.The staff is really friendly and nice as well. I had a satisfying experience overall. Get the Godfather!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,9/17/2012,26,72,,7,1>I'm a curly girl, which means my strands have a mind of their own. A good haircut can tame my mane, while a bad one leaves me with an awkward version of an afro. In every city I've lived in, I spend a lot of time researching stylists who can work  successfully with curly hair. When I returned home to Buffalo, I lamented the idea of having to embark on this search again. I avoided getting a haircut for as long as possible, then realized I had to face the music. Luckily, a fellow curly-headed friend recommended Chez Ann, particularly Maggie, a stylist whose got a way with curly hair. I was so pleased with my haircut; Maggie listened closely to my instructions, and really took the time to study my hair and create a cut that looked good and lasted! The price was very reasonable, the salon staff was friendly, and I was thrilled with the final product. Maggie instructed me that curly hair shouldn't be cut very often, and said I didn't need to return for 6 months. Some salons will find ways to convince you that you need to come in every few weeks for highlights and trims, so It was refreshing to hear the exact opposite.  Maggie's honesty, and helpful advice were much appreciated. I plan on returning to Chez Ann Salon In The City to freshen up my look this Spring.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,9/16/2012,90,142,1,6,5>Rocco's is one of those rare restaurants that is good for just about anyone (who matters that is)...families, yuppies, large groups, small groups, drinkers, non-drinkers, big eaters, small eaters, healthy eaters and not so healthy eaters (notice I left out Hipsters).  There's a nice bar in the back of the restaurant with club-like seating, there are many tables in the joint, plenty of large hi-def TV's for watching sports and a dark cozy feel.  Rocco's is from the same family of restaurants as Oliver's, Sienna and 800 Maple and it has quickly become my favorite on the list.  I have been here a number of times and each experience was different.  The first time was a very intimate pizza shared over drinks at the bar with my beautiful girlfriend.  This was followed up by a few family time visits with the little fella (her 7 year old) and the last time I went was with a large group of people.  Each experience was wonderful and everyone raved about the food...even the little fella (CAVEAT he does prefer the pods at pizza plant.)         The one thing that MUST be sampled is the wood-oven roasted chicken wings.  Now these may sound healthy but they certainly are not.  These wings are fall off the bone tender with a well-seasoned, smoky crust.  They are not tossed in hot sauce or bbq, as the seasoned crust stands alone.  I believe they are prepared confit-style, as they are so tender and crispy at the same time, yet this has not been verified yet so don't quote me.  Either way they are very delicious.  As you pull the tender crispy meat off the bone all of your animal lustings will be satisfied.  These ARE my FAVORITE non-traditional wings in WNY!!  I like to pair these wings with their vinegar pepper sauce that accompanies the chicken thigh appetizer.  The sauce is a take on a puttanesca made with currents.  it is  very delicious and it pairs perfectly with the wings, but you have to ask for it special.The pizzas are also phenomenal.  While all of the speciality pizzas are very good in their own accord the really stand out factor is the dough.  When you order the pizza first rip off a section of the crust and try it sans toppings.  You will notice an expertly seasoned and smoke imbued dough that stands alone...you really do not need toppings on it.  Furthermore, it is supercrusty on the outside and chewy on the inside.  The dough is perfect thanks to the very hot wood fired oven!!I've tried most of the pizzas and my favorites are the broccoli rabe (with sausage and hot banana peppers) and arugula (with pesto and parmigiano reggiano).  My girlfriend's favorite is the margarita which is so minimal and nice.If you're not in the mood for pizza and are feeling a bit adventurous try the tripe special (which they commonly have on the weekend).  The tripe is cooked in a thick ragu with mint.  Now I love offal but tripe I have avoided for years because of the nasty smell emanating from Grandma's kitchen as she would boil the sh*t out of it.  However, this tripe is tender and pairs so well with the thick ragu and mint.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!In a town completely saturated with pizza, Rocco's is lengths beyond the rest offering a unique dining experience that will appeal to all.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/15/2012,26,1,1,5,4>Upon hearing that they may be closing within the month, I *had* to get down here and try their cuisine. Having been on random binges for spätzle, currywurst, and schnitzel since being in Germany 7 years ago, I had to see if they'd satiate my tastes.Starting with an order of potato pancakes (of which I was new to), I was more than pleasantly surprised. They were fresh, hot, lightly buttery, and a good half inch thick. They were cooked until they were just slightly glutinous, adding a delightful texture to them inside of their brown exteriors. Served with applesauce and an optional sour cream for extra, I'm pretty sure I could have eaten solely these for a meal!The entrées all come with a bowl of salad (choice of dressing, including a house German vinaigrette), choice of potato (translating into either potato, dumplings, or spätzle), and a choice of vegetable. Having ordered the classic wiener schnitzel, it was still piping hot from being fried, and very moist. The spätzle was *far* larger than any I have had at other restaurants, but they went to the care to even brown it up a little, which I do not always see at other restaurants (e.g. Black Forest Inn in Hamilton, ON, CA). The green beans were nothing remarkable (but tasty nonetheless), but others raved about the sweet and sour cabbage, which was devoured by all before I had a chance to request a minuscule taste!I have heard the owners are searching for a new building for the restaurant in the 'burbs to attract more clientele (being as it's in a somewhat sketchy part of town). I certainly hope that they continue with their business, be it at their current location, or elsewhere migrated. I would be willing to return to them regardless of their locale; this first impression was absolutely fantastic! I'm sorely disappointed I had never heard of nor visited them sooner.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,9/14/2012,27,140,1,5,2>Oh my gosh! I just got a Caribbean Smoothie (Mango, Orange, Banana) and it was so delish I had to make a Yelp review. This place blows Jamba Juice out of the water (Jamba Juice being much too sweet for my taste). What makes this place amazing is the freshness of the fruit. Jamba Juice uses frozen preconcoctions, but this place adds fresh fruit to the blender. They also have a large variety of Protein Smoothies for those going for a jog in Allentown. This is the perfect place to stop for a little whey protein to build up that muscle!I also strongly recommend their juices. I love the fact that you can customize your juice. My favorite is my own concoction, which I call a Vampiro: Beet, Carrot, Orange, and Pineapple. Vampire for it's red color. So tasty!Their fresh salads aren't that bad either. I just ate their Caprese Salad and it was pretty tasty. Fresh spinach, basil, tomato, and mozzarella with balsamic vinegar dressing. Their paninis are okay as paninis go. I much prefer the sandwiches at Cafe 59 down the street, but for fresh juice and smoothies, this is the place to go!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,9/13/2012,49,130,,7,3>I take the train from Buffalo to pick up family in Albany (and drive them back to Buffalo!) every few months and really love the convenience of this station.  It's a suburban Amtrak set off of Dick Road where you would never think to find it.  The price for a trip to Albany is very affordable ($67 this time) and you get to sit back on a Saturday morning, relax, read the paper, drink coffee, and do productive things (read: write this Yelp review) and not have to drive across the state!The station itself is fine - it's your basic old waiting room but I've never seen it too hot or too cold in summer / winter.  There are vending machines for soda, coffee, snacks, and the paper so you can grab something before you get on the train (or you can use the cafe car on the train!)The ticket people are always wicked nice.  I order my ticket online the night before the train and they will print it for me before the trip.  The train from Buffalo is usually pretty empty and I've always been able to get an entire two-seat-row to myself.  There is AC Power for laptops and WiFi for all your electronic devices.  NOTE: the WiFi has limits to downloads and at least check you can't watch Netflix, streaming services.  It can be spotty but has been improving.The service at the cafe car is fine, and the food is standard-not so great but not terrible train faire.  The bathrooms are clean.  The cars have never been anything but quiet (I travel in the a.m. and half the people are asleep).Another note - the parking lot at this (Depew) station fills up!  Both the station and the lot are undergoing renovations at the moment (08/2012) so it's even tighter. I'm hoping the renovations include better parking.  I've never had an worries about parking my car there for a day / overnight, but just an FYI that it gets full and you may have to park on the side of the grass.All in all, I'm happy that this is here, is convenient, and is a great, cheap way to travel when you don't want to drive. These Saturday mornings (train leaves at 7:30 from Buffalo and gets to Albany at about 1pm) are wicked productive and I get a ton of work (and reading) done.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,9/12/2012,88,22,,4,3>This Thursday we celebrated our fourth wedding anniversary by having dinner at Mike A's Steakhouse. The restaurant is located within the newly renovated Hotel Lafayette and it doesn't disappoint. The interior has been lovingly restored with no expense spared. Upon walking into the space you feel as though you were transported back in time. Because all that time transporting can make you thirsty, we decided to start our culinary adventure with cocktails from the bar. I went for the Saz-that-rac which consisted of rye, cognac, flower honey, bitters and lavender absinthe. The hubs had the Ghost of Negroni which was described as pepper anejo tequila, blanco tequila, aperol, punt e mes, rhubarb amaro and clove-mescal. Ask me what half of those ingredients are and I really couldn't tell you! Mine was too strong for my liking, so I could only take small sips, but hubs really enjoyed his.After our drinks we were served warm, crusty bread and an amuse-bouche of radish and butter pudding. It was an interesting flavor combination, but I enjoyed it. The radish was fresh and crisp and it complimented the richness of the butter pudding. Shortly after we received our first course, the Wagyu Beef Tartare ($16) and the Gem Wedge Salad ($8). This was my first time experiencing tartare, but I really enjoyed it and the presentation itself was stunning. It came topped with truffled yolk, onion and basil and served in a large round pita-type chip. The raw beef was chopped so thin that it melted in your mouth and all the flavors complimented it well. The salad was pretty standard, but it was well seasoned and the ingredients tasted fresh.For an entree I ordered the 8-ounce Filet Mignon ($42) and hubs ordered the special, a 6-ounce 9th Grade Australian Wagyu Beef Filet ($70), because the 12-ounce Wagyu steak wasn't available. The story behind Wagyu beef, as our server described it, is that it's based on Japanese meat standards and is graded for it's texture, marbling and color, hence the hefty price tag. My filet or 'regular' beef was presented beautifully and tasted absolutely delicious. The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned and came served with an herbed butter, potato puree, roasted mushrooms and asparagus. His Wagyu beef was also delicious, but compared to my plate, his looked empty. His came served with potato patties topped with roasted cherry tomatoes and onions. He enjoyed it, but was still hungry and ended up eating half of my dish. If you've never had it or feel like splurging, get the Wagyu steaks, but otherwise the other steaks are some of the best I've had in Buffalo.Thoroughly stuffed (and pretty darn buzzed) we thought it was a good idea to order dessert. We decided to split the Chocolate Souffle ($10). The warm dark chocolate was served with vanilla ice cream and was the perfect dish to end a perfect evening. Hot, fudge-y and chocolatey, the souffle was absolutely decadent.Overall I'd say this is the perfect restaurant for that special occasion or for a nice night out on the town. You're wallet may be lighter when you leave, but you'll be too stuffed to notice!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,9/11/2012,12,46,3,10,3>A welcome addition to the west side. I have to confess my ignorance - I've never had ethiopian food, so I can't comment on authenticity. That said, I really enjoyed what I had for first time in. I went with the Lucy sampler and an order of sambusas...the sampler platter was more than enough for two. The meal came on a bread that wasn't particularly flavorful but I had a light, crepe like texture. Feta cheese, beets and some beans were all fine, but the lamb stew that came in the middle of the plate was excellent, but not for the faint of heart as it was  very spicy.don't be fooled by the "special" coffee sign out front - the bunna coffee referenced isn't always available, so check before you order. Otherwise you'll be drinking a cup of strong folgers and disappointed like we were.  Overall. we really enjoyed our meal and will definitely be back.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,9/10/2012,57,144,,3,2>Every time I recommend this place to someone, they've never heard of it. That's too bad. This is a great little discount store where you can get most of your common household items for very low prices. I have also found it to be a great place for finding the perfect costume jewelry and accessories. There's a lot of interesting stuff to be found here and I'd highly recommend stopping in to take a look.One word of caution: If you are buying clothes there, they are not sized in US sizes. I bought something in an Xtra-Large (I'm normally a medium or large) and I couldn't even get this thing on my body at all. They only do exchanges, no returns, so buyer beware with the clothes, everything runs VERY small.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/9/2012,12,82,5,6,1>I went to Smoke on the Water yesterday with co-workers and let me start off by saying this place is pretty cool. We started off by getting the VIP tour by the Richert brothers and they showed us the smokers and how they work and their system of wetting the wood and its pretty amazing. Because it was Canal Fest we were only limited to the special menu, but that didn't stop them from sending out some of the off menu appetizers. We started off with the "pulled pork hand grenade" which consisted of a baked potato stuffed with their pulled pork, jalapeños and cheese! This was as fergie would say: D to the E to the L-I-C-I-O-U-S! We also got one of their smoked sausages wrapped in a pastry topped with a spicy mustard which was also a big hit with the table! So far so good...For the meal selection they only had a select number of sandwiches that came with chips and ribs which came in portions of full, half, and quarter along with your choice of a side. I got the ribs and they were pretty good... not great. I was expecting the meat to just fall off the bone without any effort, but they were a little tough for my liking, but the BBQ sauce was great. On the table they gave you two types of BBQ sauce one being a Kansas City style and I really couldn't tell you what the other was.Overall the meal was good and I would totally go there again! The outside patio seating was fun and the weather was great! The only downside to the outdoor seating was the chairs. They were uncomfortable and awkward to sit in. It was a great atmosphere and the service was amazing. I recommend you go and try it!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,9/8/2012,271,690,4,4,2>The AK is a total gem.  It's a gorgeous setting for modern art.  I have been here for numerous exhibits and conferences.  There is something very soothing and intellectual in attending a legalish conference, walking out of the auditorium and meditating on a Richard Serra sculpture.  I'm no erudite art critic by any means, but the AK has something for every one (other than the Matthew Barney shit, which Must Be Destroyed, IMHO).  A truly fabulous collection and if you haven't been there, get there NOW!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/7/2012,6,51,,3,3>I simply adore this bar. The barmen are awesome, the drinks are awesome and for the most part, it's not too packed. The highlight of this bar (aside from my favourite barman, Mike) are the martinis. The Polar Bear is probably my favourite. . . it tastes like pancakes with syrup. Yes, you read that right, PANCAKES AND SYRUP.  The fat alcoholic I am LOVES this concept. Om nom. Now, my boyfriend claims this bar to be his favourite and I believe that is majorly due to Personal Pitcher night. You have your choice of four different drinks that come to you in a pitcher. Just like the ones you usually get full of beer at bowling alley's and pizza parties, except these are full of liquor. All the alcohol you could possibly handle in one night for a measley fiver. They also have popcorn and on Sundays they have showtunes night! As far as the gay bars in Buffalo, this one is significantly classier than most of its peers. It feels less like a cruising spot and more like a place to meet your friends after work.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,9/6/2012,31,21,3,2,1>Interior: I LOVE the interior of Bambino! It's too bad that it's not on Elmwood because it would probably be packed all the time. Location off of Chippewa probably hurts it for business. Anyway on to the decor- it is so charming! Inside is clean, brick walled with industrial styled iron-wrought and wooden topped furniture. I wish more places in Buffalo exuded this style.I've been to this place twice, once for lunch with coworkers on a weekday and once for dinner on a sunday. Both times were pretty dead, but I like it that way because I am serviced well and can hear my company. John A. has mentioned temperature issues, but I didn't really have this problem. It was very well cooled but not so bad to the point of shivering for me. Drinks: I can't say much, except I love their cheap beer on tap. Maybe it's a good thing this place isn't too close to me. Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald is delicious.Food: Bambino makes their own hot fresh bread. Yum.I've ordered personal pizzas here- Narda's red and something else which I can't remember and is not available on their website. I liked them because they are thin crust and vaguely similar to the nyc slices I miss so much. My friend had the truffle pizza. It overwhelmed the table with the smell of truffle oil. He liked it. Honestly, their menu is too boring/empty for me .Service: OK, nothing horrible and nothing to rave about.Overall: come here to check out the decor and pizza if you're in the area anyway.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,9/5/2012,2,15,1,6,2>Definitely the company to call if you have plumbing problems!! I called 5 different places for estimates, Pat from T-Mark came over right away and gave me a very reasonable quote. The work was done over 3 days, and everything that was promised was done beautifully. There was no last minute price hikes, no 'oh, we encountered this so it'll cost more' episodes. I am one extremely happy customer.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,9/4/2012,24,12,1,3,3>We have been to Dwyer's on two occasions. It's a great place to watch the Sabre's game and enjoy some great bar food. The bar offers a good mix of draft beers and features local brews. They offer deals on drinks for all Sabre's games and prices are very reasonable.  Their Celtic chips are made in house and definitely worth trying.  We have also tried the jalapeno poppers stuffed with cream cheese served with a raspberry dipping sauce. They were delicious! Far better than the traditional cheddar poppers. Their 12 oz burgers are huge and come in some interesting Irish themed varieties featuring Jameson BBQ sauce, Irish bacon, and even a Guinness marinated burger that I look forward to trying on our next visit.  Dwyers features 35 flavors of chicken wings. We have tried and really enjoyed the raspberry BBQ and traditional hot buffalo. Other flavors include wasabi plum, general tso's,  and Jameson BBQ. I was disappointed in the Reuben for its lack of corned beef and the thousand island dressing served on the side, but it was worth the price at only $5.99.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,9/3/2012,75,529,3,7,3>I've been here twice now and this is a pretty cute relaxing place. I would never have realized that it was there or ventured in if I hadn't had a groupon for a massage. The massage was nice, but more than that I thought the place was nice. Very chill. A little weird that there was never anyone else there though.I went back with my mom when she was in town. I had another massage --  this time from the owner. So I have had seen both of their massage therapists. The first time I had a deep tissue massage which was therapeutic but not actually relaxing because that can kinda hurt. The second time I went for swedish and it was very relaxing. I have had better massage but not actually in Buffalo. My mom had a facial and said it was nice. I shy away from those. Why pay someone a lot of money to say your skin is bad and then try to get you to buy $200 worth of product... just not my cup of tea. But as I said, my mom enjoyed it.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/2/2012,17,41,,5,3>I liked ReImagine as a browsing shop a lot.  It's one of the few (only?) great vintage furniture stores in Buffalo.  They specialize in MCM stuff, but not exclusively.  Then I bought something there, a large MCM sectional couch.  Now I LOVE this place.  They were incredibly easy, prompt and kind with the negotiations, cleaning, and delivery of the couch.  Their prices might be on the high side of things, but they're reasonable, especially if you'd rather stroll Elmwood rather than drive out to the country to those shady "antique" shows on Sundays, only to come away with one or two decent items.  What you're paying for is their eye, their taste, and their labor.  I appreciate a well curated store.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,9/1/2012,79,93,3,7,3>OK! I admit that I've been putting off writing about The Meating Place because I wanted to keep the place a secret. But my conscious got to me after talking to Marco. You're probably wondering "Who the hell is Marco?" He's my Jack Russell and foodie wannabe; he not only likes the cheap marrow bones ($1.69 lb and cut to order to accommodate his small jaws) at Meating Place but all the decadent dessert goods there too. The cuts of meat here are delish and more competitively priced than Wegmans.  The butchers here are friendly and there is a tight community vibe here that's easily recognizable when you observe the butchers interact with their regulars. You want to make Korean Kalbie BBQ at home?  Ask the butcher to cut the short ribs "hotel style" here and you will easily save yourself over $40 with DIY Korean BBQ.  But honestly I go here for the desserts most of the time. Yes...even Vegans and people not looking for meat can find some good deals here.  The shop seems to be an outlet for overstocked Rich's dessert goods because there is a rotating stock of cheesecakes, muffins, cakes, cookie dough, ice cream cakes etc.  My favorite score has been organic, vegan, gluten- free chocolate cupcakes from a small bakery that works through Rich's regional distributors (4 for a $1). Yes you read that right... $1! Needless to say it was a very affordable item to bring to a potluck.   There are often two for one specials on desserts and meats too. Even without the two for one deals, you can score a Jon Donaire caramel turtle cheesecake for $2.99.  Or Rich's frozen pies for $3.99 before the 2 for 1 deal.  Last week I got Mrs. Fields chocolate chip cookie dough desserts for $1.  Looking for gourmet sandwich wraps? They sell massive sized spinach and sundried tomato tortillas for $3.99.  Wraps half the size sell for the same price at Wegmans.  The closeout sales they score vary and offered sporadically;  I once got a ton of Muir Glen Organic canned soups for 50 cents each.  It's kind of like Marshalls...if you see something you like grab a few because it may not be there during your next few visits. But please....don't share this gem of a place with blabbermouths since it can get crowded here during the afternoon.  Time your visit though since they close at 5 pm.   BTW for those lacking planning skills, you can run all of your food errands at once while on this 2 block stretch of Grant: grab a beverage at Sweetness 7 and then get your grocery shopping done at the Meating Place and Guercio and Sons.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,8/31/2012,45,89,5,4,4>I made my way into Eddie Brady's last weekend after walking around my hood with a friend and searching for the perfect place to catch up and have a drink.  Because it was Saturday night, Seabar was packed with a special event going on, and Chocolate bar was shoulder to shoulder.  These were the two places I thought might be appropriate and fun for meeting with a friend around 930 to chat.  I was wrong. The Chippewa nightclubs are not our scene, and we wanted to go somewhere where we could breathe.  In those two places we were gasping for air.  Well, like I said, we found our way to Eddie Brady's, where we should have headed from the start.  Located just a half of a block from my place, it worked out really well.I am glad we ended up here because it was the perfect atmosphere: a relaxed pub, a few heads, and open seats at the bar where a bartender was happily waiting to wait on us!  He was super pleasant and friendly.  I ordered a beer- there's not that special of a selection or anything, but that's fine with me.  I just wanted a drink.  Another thing that was really cool that happened was how while we were talking, The Shining was on BBC.  Because everyone in the entire bar was commenting and watching, the bartender turned off the music, and turned up the volume of the tv nice and loudly so that we could all hear Shelly Duvall wimper and cry in fear of her psychotic husband.  Good times!   I am looking forward to going back here some night with friends for drinks, or to try their food one day for lunch.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,8/30/2012,7,45,,3,3>Went out there today, sunny, breezy and I was hungry for something on the grill.  As a vegetarian I come here often for their garden burger, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo,pickle and mustard YUM.  They never disappoint and I walk away satisfied every time.  Only suggestion, as it was almost 90 degrees today, possibly considering an extended awning for those waiting in line would save sweltering in the heat...just a thought. Either way, I'll be back again soon. :o)
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/29/2012,29,159,3,12,6>Amanda is the best! Having recently moved from NYC (with a depressingly bad haircut) Amanda listened to me and then gave me her suggestions, which is exactly why I decided to give New Age Salon a chance. I saw so many reviews about people having incredible trust and respect for Amanda and that is exactly what I needed. If my hair doesn't look good then I don't feel my best, so I needed some TLC. I showed up on a Monday night, and it was just me, my bad haircut, Amanda, and some relaxing music. And after deciding that my current cut was awful, and almost like two different haircuts, Amanda skillfully cut my hair, always asking my opinion along the way. And when it was done, I looked sexy again, which is just what I needed. Honestly, to have the owner (who trains at Bumble & Bumble in NYC) cut your hair and provide their full attention, and at very affordable prices, I feel lucky to have found New Age Salon. I'm actually going to make my next appointment right now...
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,8/28/2012,35,689,3,5,3>Whoa. This place is amazing. Every aspect of it. First, let me tell you about the whole procedure of eating here. You grab an empty seat, and soon enough, a wait staff will approach you, who will explain the rest. If you want to know how it works before actually going there, then read on. The wait staff will explain how the ordering procedure works. There are sheets of paper with the menu printed on it at the tables. The staff will give you pens, where you can check off what you want. There are pre-made burger items, or you can make your own combination, and name it. You indicate what kind of patty you want, how you want it cooked, what toppings you want, and what bun you want. For a burger nerd, this is paradise. I ordered the Rodeo Burger (being a MBB virgin, I figured I'd start by ordering a burger that they have already designed, and I'll make my own burger when I visit a second time). I wanted it medium-rare on an onion bun. And boy, they know how to make burgers. It's just brown on the outside (not charred), and slightly pink on the inside, just the way I want it. The wait staff asked us very politely how our meals were, THREE times! They were very attentive. The bathroom was very clean. The overall dining experience was excellent.Other reviewers here commented on the "identity crisis" this place has. Even we fell for this; it was a little confusing upon entering. We didn't know if this was a sit-down full service place, or one where you have to go up to a counter and order what you want. But, once we got initiated to the procedure, I enjoyed the rest of the experience. Looking back, I don't mind the "identity crisis". I think it adds to the quirk of things, making the whole experience more interesting. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,8/27/2012,100,241,4,2,2>This place has possibly the freshest sushi I've had anywhere, even NYC! (But that's only cause I'm super cheap in NYC and get pulled into the places with 1/2 off sushi) But disregarding that, the fish here is SO good. I came here for restaurant week and got the sushi surfboard and the three course tasting menu.I gotta take off one star for the bread salad cause that was just weird and mushy and had olives (bleh). And for the seared tilefish with sweet soy risotto. The fish wasn't yummy and the risotto was definitely slimy and mushy and gross. The bok choy still had sand and dirt at the base of the vegetable. It was almost like getting a cleaning at the dentist, which I can do pretty well myself.Otherwise, the salmon tartar was out of this world! I ate it quite fast just so the bf couldn't stick his fork into my salmon! And the sushi surfboard was SO good. It was one of those situations where the bf offered and I said no but really meant yes so I took some as I pleased. Yellowtail, sea bass and eel nigiri? SAY WHAT? Ok so, I was hesitant about the yellowtail cause I've had pretty bad and fishy experiences with that, but this was NICE and light and flavorful. And sea bass was my favorite although I was a little sad to try it raw because Chinese people steam the fish and eat it whole. I don't know if you get the correlation there, but it was just sad! The maki roll was good, the hand roll was good, the sesame noodles were good. Ok, so what wasn't good?So this is the place that I will visit again when I become a dentist and make a lot of money. Or when I get some red envelope money for Chinese New Year so I can indulge myself in Japanese food and pretend that I'm Japanese for the night. Regardless, I will have to come here again before I leave Buffalo.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/26/2012,62,99,1,10,5>The hubs surprised me with a picnic from Marco's Italian Deli for our wedding anniversary on Labor Day Weekend...it was a great experience.For about $45 we got a full picnic...two sangwiches, a couple different salads, chips, dessert, drinks, and a basket to put it all in.  It was a ridiculous amount of food and everything was so good!We took our basket, blanket, and a couple bottles of wine down to Hoyt Lake, tucked ourselves into some trees...dined...and then boozed and snoozed.  It was a very relaxing 4 year wedding anniversary :)Although the best part of picnicking is coming up with your own special menu,  I think the idea of a restaurant preparing a picnic for you is pretty cool...and could be used for those spur of the moment type dates :)Even though you get two canoli with your picnic purchase, don't forget to use your Yelp Check-In Offer and get two additional free canoli.  Two will hit the spot just right, trust me.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,8/25/2012,198,661,4,3,3>BINGED.Mom brought home a dozen donuts from Paula's on Sunday morning.We opened the box and dug in, chopping at and sampling each donut until we could each identify a favorite...The aftermath was a mess. There were no favorites, they were ALL amazing!!!!My favorite of this particular box though was the jelly-filled powdered donut... How in the world does Paula get that donut to reflect a perfect, soft, moist, heavenly pillow filled with sweet, full-bodied raspberry jelly?! It was literally the best donut I've ever had in my life. All that Krispy Kreme hype of the late-90's/early 2000's has nothing on these donuts. Like negative nothing actually... doesn't even compare to the amazingness of Paula's Donuts, my friends.She also bought some bagels- all they had left was plain and cinnamon raisin. The plain bagels were awesome. Crispy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside when toasted. Only thing is, they weren't as good the second day. Then again, I wouldn't buy day-old donuts, so I'm sure the same rule should apply to day-old bagels.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/24/2012,96,50,,10,4>Romeo & Juliet's competes with Trattoria Aroma for the best traditional Italian pizza in Buffalo. The margherita here is perfectly baked, right on the stone as it should be, and uses fresh, correct, flavorful ingredients. The salads are massive - try the Caesar, which has strong hints of anchovy. The non-pizza entrees are also good, and the sauce is phenomenal, although they do tend to overserve it. I'm particularly fond of the meatballs and the braciole.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/23/2012,19,182,2,7,2>"Come over for dinner.", she said and I said "Sure!".After a coffee and a walk around her garden she said " I decided to take you out to dinner as it is too hot to cook!"Here it is the start of my vacation and I am NOT cooking!We drive over to the French Pub.The cool air conditioning caresses our faces as we step inside and are immediately greeted by a hostess, in a lovely seasonal sundress.  She seats us, and Erin, our server, comes back several times as we were spending more time talking then browsing the menu.A short menu, not too overwhelming, but some lovely choices, including nightly specials.  We both went with the Goulash, something I do not usually order outside of my own kitchen.Soup and salad bar was included with dinner and I tried the Irish Chowder, which I would come back for again, it could be a meal all its own. Incredibly tasty.The presentation was beautiful for such a simple dish.  They covered the goulash with extra sauce and then a melted covering of grated cheeses and two slices of gently toasted garlic bead.  After a time, when Erin asked about dessert, we were both taking home boxes, and still had no room.  Comfy, attentive service, and very good food for a very decent price.Will definitely return.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,8/22/2012,69,102,4,7,5>Arriba! Arriba! My first visit to Arriba Tortilla was this afternoon. It was a pleasant experience, from walking in and everyone being so friendly and helpful. This was my first dining experience in East Aurora and I think it will be one of many! The Bartender Robert, immediately introduced himself and asked if I would like some chips & salsa. The chips were good, but the salsa lacked flavor so I'm deducting a star only for that. He let me peruse the drink menu after letting me know I was far too early for happy hour! He suggested the mango frozen margarita. Since I had never had a mango margarita, it was a new experience. I have experienced fruity margaritas that were far too sweet that weren't very margarita-like; but this margarita was perfect. A good balance of tequila and fruit.I learned more about Robert in the first 20minutes of being there than most establishments I've visited and I appreciated that. As I perused the menu and waited for my man friend, we chatted up a bit. I was told that many people enjoy the Mahi Mahi Taco. So when it was time to decide, I ordered that. I'm big on tacos and fish tacos have been on my mind a lot lately. I can happily say that this was a damn good fish taco and in East Aurora! It WAS HUGE. It is easily a meal and took up an entire dinner plate. I had to eat a good amount of it with a fork before I could fold it up. I was definitely impressed. Good sauce, good fish, good good good. :) Reasonably priced too, so if you're sitting there wondering why the tacos are between $6-10 like I was, you should know it's well worth it and you won't go away hungry.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,8/21/2012,41,57,5,6,3>My lips are still burning from that Chile Relleno...  I asked a fellow Yelper where I could get some real Mexican...Nice work Nick P!The place was packed!  There was a slight wait for a table, not more than 10 - 15 minutes, and the wait staff was going as fast as their feet could carry them.  I ordered the #18 for take out.  Chile Relleno, Chalupa, and Enchilada - Outstanding!I was expecting it - but they packed me their homemade chips and salsa... nom nom nom....  So tasty!I've got to say it ticks me off when I order a "Chile Relleno" and a restaurant takes out all the seeds, essentially leaving me with a stuffed green pepper.  Not Don Patron.  They DO NOT mess around.  Left plenty of seeds to give me the heat I was looking for!All in all, everything was outstanding.  One of my fears moving to the Lo was not finding good Mexican - I shall fear no more!Oh PS- Their website doesn't come up when you do a google or bing search so!donpatronmexicangrill.com
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,8/20/2012,94,917,4,6,4>This place is absolutely gorgeous and reminds me of a hotel resort.  Brightly colored comfortable furniture scattered about grassy areas and an enormous gazebo, I'm going to go ahead and call the Larkin Square the coolest spot in all of Buffalo.  There are tons of food options w/ Square 1 Sandwiches, the Grill Station, and the Filling Station all there.  And now they have an enormous big screen to play the Olympics from 11A-11P w/ speakers scattered throughout the park so you can basically watch from anywhere.  There are little market stalls which are open MWTh and a pickleball court in the back.  I WANT TO LIVE HERE.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,8/19/2012,13,63,,7,3>Suzy Q's is quintessential Buffalo -- authentic, well prepared food made with love and served up in a no frills corner of town.  yes, Suzy Q's may look like a dumpy little shack from the outside, but i assure you that what awaits your hungry little gullet is pure southern BBQ heaven.my sexy beast and i ventured over to this nondescript Riverside joint looking for yummy, quality BBQ, and we were pleasantly surprised to have found it here at Suzy Q's.  this establishment, obviously run by a family venture, operates like an authentic southern BBQ joint in that food is prepared daily, and once its gone, its gone.  thankfully, we arrived right before the dinner rush and were treated to a full Suzy Q's menu.the man and i both chose the pulled pork sandwich with our own array of homemade sides.  having our own pork smoking experience, we knew what we were looking for here:  a nice pink smoke ring evident at the edge of the pork shreds, evidence of a good brine and rub, and a sultry smoke flavor in some tenderly pulled pork butt.  we were both thrilled to have found all of the above personified in this lovely little pile of meat on a very appropriately dense hard roll.  the sauces for fixing are homemade as well, and include a Carolina style vinegar based sauce, a milder KC style sauce, as well as a spicier KC sauce.  we sampled all three and found each to our liking, but both couldn't get enough of the spicier KC blend.  the sides shine just a tad less here, with a rather bland but still very sufficient and well concocted mac and cheese (a BBQ staple i almost insist upon, though Suzy Q's version could use a sharper cheese and a tad more salt), a phenomenal cole slaw that had just the right tang and wasn't sopping in its own juices, and sweet potato fries that were clearly frozen fare, but still adequate (i can understand a place like this going the frozen french fry route due to time limitations and ease of prep).  this place would have been granted five stars if the french fry and sweet potato fry options were fresh cut and fresh made, but the homemade bread and butter dill pickles and the crispy, honey topped cornbread that melted in the man's mouth almost made up for it ;)we highly endorse this slice of Southern BBQ heaven right here in Buffalo, and we advise you to go early and bring your cash because plastic is not accepted here (ATM in corner will have you covered).  the staff is fantastic -- warm, knowledgeable, and prompt.  we can't wait to go back to sample more...
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,8/18/2012,20,81,,7,3>I stopped by for a drink and was amazed at how great this place looks.  I can't write much of a review because I was only there for two wonderful martinis but I can say this, it's a remarkable throwback to a different era.  One can almost picture a smoke filled room filled with guys in suit coats and hats surrounded by women selling cigars and cigarettes, and people dancing to jazz until the early hours.  There was a decent mix of a crowd, but mostly late 20's and up dressed up a little bit more then me (Hey I just came from the harbor I wasn't prepared).  The lighting was low, the decor was classic, but the translucent blue bar top really brought everything together.    This may be one of those places I frequent a little too much in the future.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,8/17/2012,64,70,2,6,1>To say I enjoy my cigars is understatement.  I grew up in Williamsville and got my start smoking cigars with my older brother and he I used to frequent another shop in Clarence together. Since I have been in the city for about 8 years now, this place tends to be my go to spot.  In the opening of the movie American Gangster, Bumpy Johnson says to Denzel Washington's character -- "Where's the personal service?  Where's the pride of ownership?"  Well, it's on Virgil Avenue, That's where.  The staff is expertly friendly and I say this knowing that I know a fair share about a good stick, but I always leave there with a little bit more knowledge than I had expected to leave with.  The prices are comparable to other places, but the service is definitely better.  The humidor room is a little small than you'd expect, but, it's a well-stocked venue.  There's places to sit and relax if you wish to smoke there, or take them and go.  I prefer to take them and go, as I like to smoke and walk.  If you're a cigar smoker like me, check out this place, you'll be really happy you did.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/16/2012,96,404,10,13,7>This is a VERY difficult review for me to write.  No.... my keyboard isn't on the fritz...... and, no....I'm not at a loss for words (NEVER!).  It's just that it's difficult to write something fair and objective when you KNOW it's good, even though you didn't particularly like it.Let me explain.  I went here last night for dinner with my "Taste of Diversity Group".  Yeah, I know.... how COOL am I?  Ten of us shared a meal in this newly renovated gem. Gone is the grocery store I'd heard about.... and in its place are lots more tables and booths. Which is good because it's quite the popular place. The owners are very friendly, so I'm happy to see that they are doing well."Sun Food Market" serves Burmese and Thai cuisines.  Since I've never had Burmese food I decided to order from that part of the menu.  For the rest of you who, like me, have no idea what Burmese food is like, I'll tell you.... it's kind of a cross between Thai food and Indian food (both of which I LOVE) with a little Japanese flavoring mixed in too.  And, that was the problem for me.  While Thai and Indian are two of my FAVORITE cuisines, I'm not a fan of Japanese food.  That kind of fishy, kind of soy-ish, kind of udon-y, kind of miso-y flavor.  Just not my thing.It's good that I dined with nine other people who knew more about this kind of food and could appreciate it's quality and taste more than I could.  While I found my Nan Gyi Thoat (Burmese big rice noodles with spicy tomato sauce, eggs, split yellow peas, crispy flat noodles, fried onions, and chicken)  un-finishable (a rarity for me, to be sure).... the others at the table ate with gusto.... oooo-ing and aaah-ing as they wiped their plates clean. So this restaurant rating will be based on the average of their opinions and mine.And, what you may ask, did they order?  Fried Spring Rolls, Steamed Dumplings, Tom Yum Soup, Ky it Thar Alpo Hon (Burmese style curry mixed with Marsala, chicken, potato, onion, ginger, garlic, and chili), Thiamine Jaw (Burmese style fried rice), Mont Hon Gar (Burmese style fish noodle soup), Pad Thai, Yak Don (stir fried Japanese Don with carrot, cabbage, zucchini, bell pepper, and special thick soy sauce), and even a crispy whole fish.  And, everyone (except me) LOVED what they got.  Heck, they talked about coming back SOON as I stirred around my noodles making up stories about having eaten a very big lunch (ummmm.... it was a yogurt and 5 strawberries, to tell the truth).Anyway.... the service was good.  The water (while not iced) had a yummy lime taste to it.... and it was refilled frequently without reminders.  And the desserts: Sticky Rice with Thai Custard, Taro Custard, and Steamed Banana Rice were all AMAZING!  I was afraid to order my own, but my kind table-mates allowed me to sample theirs (REPEATEDLY!!!).... even though I didn't finish my dinner.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2012,8/15/2012,15,30,4,2,2>The Bar Bill Tavern is an East Aurora staple. Anyone who loves wings will tell you to check this place out to compare it to other notable wing joints like Duff's, et cetera. Their menu has a section referring to "things they're famous for" which include their Beef on Weck (never had it), their wings, and a couple of other items. I don't have a problem with them being a cash-only establishment. They seem to be staffed by only a small number of people, and consequently they can't be indulging 5-tops or 6-tops, each of them carrying a card and wanting the bill split up at the end of the meal. This is a practice that, by the way, seems almost universally hated by restaurant staff, at least the people I know.They also don't take reservations, and it is a very small place, so I would advise you to get their early and pray if you would like to get a table quickly. If you don't, you can hang out at the bar for a little bit and enjoy a beer. They had a Sam Adams, as well as a locally made IPA for people like myself in addition to local favorites like Labatt and Molson.Other things that caught my eye: A framed photograph of Tim Russert enjoying a Bar Bill wing (NICE). A poster of a scantily clad young woman brandishing Ol' Glory, entitled "America the Beautiful". The "Bar Bill Tavern" mugs and glassware.Onward. Let's talk about the wings.They make their wings crispy. I like mine made with a little less time in the fryer and a little more sauce. These aren't my favorite. That's just my taste. Others may disagree. One really great thing they have going for them is that the sauce doesn't taste like buttery, Frank-y Buffalo status quo. You can taste the peppers in the sauce as well as the heat. They don't BS you on the heat either. Medium-Hot has a creeping heat that definitely will have the average eater reaching for that IPA after 5 or 6 wings. I thought the Honey BBQ was pretty tasty.It has to be said that their employees do work hard, but there are far too few of them. One waitress working the outside tables. The bartender working the bar and trying to handle the inside tables. Two guys seemingly trying to cook and pitch in with clearing tables and getting beers out. Service was way too slow.Whereas Duff's is a well-oiled machine, the Bar Bill took far too long to get our order out to us. We all finished our beers well before the wings came, and nobody came by for quite a while to ask about refills. In fact, that didn't happen until well after we were into our wings.I think they need maybe one more person in there working the tables on a busy night to help keep everything running smoothly. For my taste, they need to make the wings a little less crispy and with a little more sauce. This is a charming, unique joint that I like, and I will be back, but with some small improvements they could be crowned King. A-OK just about fits the bill.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,8/14/2012,13,70,2,3,2>Finally!  Had a babysitter so we took advantage & headed out to Blue Monk.Got there around 6:15pm on a goargeous summer Thursday & saw 1 open table on the patio - YAY!  Waited a minute for the hostess, who proceeded to seat the single gentleman ahead of us at said table.  BOO!  Oh well.  I would have waited, but hubby mumbled "I'm freaking starving..." so we asked for a table inside.  Next time, Monk, next time...Had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, but I think the hostess actually stalled so we could look at the draught beer list at the bar & make our selection.  Being a recent fan of "real" beer, I was excited to try something different.  The bartender was friendly & more than willing to provide us with samples before we ordered.  I sampled (and ordered) a Blaugies Darbyste - Saison/Fruit Beer - very smooth, just a touch of bitterness with a mildly sweet finish. Hubby went out on a limb (can you tell I'm rolling my eyes) and ordered a Bravik - Belgian Pilsner (I think?  it's not listed online, so I may have spelled it wrong - I do know that it was a pilsner.)  Tasty, and at least it wasn't a Labatt Blue LOL.Menu is limited, which as I've said before can be a good thing.  I'd rather your do a few things really really well, rather than 50 things crappily. A few starters, a few sandwiches, a few shared plates, a few desserts.  Interestingly enough, they serve mussels like 5 or 6 different ways.We started with the Blue Balls: German meatballs topped with Moody Blue Cheese and veal demi glacé.  I hestiate to use the word "succulent" when describing balls, but they were.  :)  The blue cheese was actually mixed into the meatballs, as well as sprinkled on top.  Nice.  Husband (once again, living on the edge) ordered the Thelonius Burger - THEN asked to have it cooked WELL DONE.  Oy, I can't take him anywhere, lol.  Well, let me tell you - that burger was perfectly WELL done but stayed incredibly juicy & flavorful.  So kudos to the chef for sure.I had one of the specials that night - Lobster Roll (of lobster on a buttered roll with celery & lettuce.)  It was good but not great - HUGE chunks of lobster, but on the verge of being overcooked.  A tad too much celery flavor for my taste.  It was acceptable but I've had better.  We both had the duck fries instead of the chips - his with chipotle bacon aioli, mine with thai mango curry ketchup.  Loved them.Server was attentive & fast.  Brought hubby another Pilsner (yawn) and I asked for a sample of the Wild/Sour Ale  they had on tap that night - tasted like cherry pop!  I enjoyed it, but didn't think I could stomach a full pint of the stuff so I had another Saison.  I do have 1 tiny complaint - it appears they do not keep their beer list up to date online.  I know they're probably tapping something new almost daily, but they should make an attempt to keep this current.  The most recent date they have listed for kegs being tapped in March.No room for dessert, but the double stout chocolate cake sure sounded good.  Of note:  One of the specials was a gazpacho made with some sort of beer - damned if I can remember what kind - sounded really interesting though.  Also, stared at neighboring table's fish & chips - I couldn't help it, as there were FIVE pieces of fish, each the size of a large chicken finger.  Wow.Lastly - the ambience & decor are great.  Their wainscotting is actually the bottom half of several vintage wooden doors.  Metal detail around windows turned out to be very old rusty screen doors.  Very cool.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/13/2012,69,200,2,8,7>Probably my favorite bar in Buffalo, NY. The people who work there are great, from the bouncers to the bar backs. Everyone there loves to talk sports, and can talk for minutes or hours. The place has over 30 beers on tap and have one of the best selections in Buffalo if not THE best.One Wednesday night a month the owner has a beer club with a different theme every month. It does cost 25.00 but you drink for 3 hours and they also provide some snacks as well at the end. It's worth the price, you get more beer than $25 that's for sure.The open mic comedy they have is also great. You'll find a lot of local funny people who test out their material upstairs to the crowd and their peers. If you like a good laugh, this is a great place to go for it. It helps when there's not many places in Buffalo to get them too.Overall, you're spending a lot less money here than most bars in Buffalo, and the place gets packed. The bartenders do a lot of great work, and will pour you a nice one, just remember to tip well too these guys deserve it more than anyone else in Buffalo!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,8/12/2012,132,190,3,3,4>Just like everyone said- from the outside you wouldn't think very much of it. It's in a strip mall with a big red neon generic sign. Meh. But the inside is quite cute with a large bar and a decent amount of seating space. Menu options are plentiful with a great wine list. Though, be aware that they don't have a full bar. Only wine and some aperitifs. We had a Montepulciano red- one of my favorite varieties of wine- and it paired fantastically with my (delicious) pappardelle bolognese. My parents also had pasta dishes- which were also very tasty. You can tell all the pastas were homemade- and if they aren't then I'd be shocked. My husband had a pork duo special which was probably my favorite dish. The pork pulled off the bone so perfectly- it was spectacular. Everyone loved it. We also shared some salads- I had the caprese which was just ok. It lacked some seasoning and the mozzarella was a little tough and thick and very cold. Though the tomatoes were pretty good and being February in Buffalo, I was impressed with that.Overall I'd definitely go back for dinner again. Prices were decent but can get pricey for the bigger dishes. This would make a great date night or girls night out place.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/11/2012,149,45,7,11,8>I am always on the hunt for a great place to watch a great Futbol game (that's soccer for everyone in the States), but here in Buffalo well that is kind of hard to come by. Not anymore! Leaving Spot Coffee on Hertel Ave. this afternoon and I am hearing cheering coming from inside of this newly renovated space. Tv's are on and the place is pretty busy for 3pm on a Tuesday afternoon. There's an open seat at the bar, so I slide on in. I ask the bartender what they have for beers and he kind of chuckled at me and just tossed me a menu. Take a gander at this! Glancing down at their menu and I stopped counting at 35 beers, most of which were imports. So I order a beer. Turns out their kitchen is open too so I order a panini. It comes out in record time with a salad and a bowl of pistachio's! That's right I said Pistachio's! How awesome is that... To sum it up... A make needed and welcomed addition to Hertel Ave. Great beer selection and a small but what seems to be delicious menu.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,8/10/2012,51,88,,4,2>Thank you yelpers for being completely right in your great reviews of Fawn & Fox and making me feel confident about trying it out! I'm sooo happy I listened to you.Dana, the owner of Fawn & Fox, cut my hair, gave my 2 year old daughter her first professional haircut, and then did my eyebrows the next day because I needed to come back for more immediately.I had a great experience here, and I think the quiet, muted place was much better for keeping my little one from squirming around then a kid-themed haircut location would probably have been.Dana was great with both Amelie and myself, and I felt like I had known her forever by the end of the first cut, and when I saw her the next day she greeted me like we were old friends.I am definitely not regretting finally getting bangs... love them!Dana cured my indecisiveness, gave me coffee, and was actually pickier about the last few snips then I was. What more could I ask from a hairstylist?
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,8/9/2012,15,236,,4,4>I try to reserve 5 stars for premier restaurants or what I think is the best of the best. Since I was 16, Louie's on Elmwood has never failed me. Any time of day until 5AM they will serve you the best texas hot, hamburger, or grilled chicken in Buffalo. The Buffalo Chicken (with Frank's and Blue Cheese) and Chicken in the Grass (with spinach, mayo and melted mozzarella cheese) are luscious for fast food. The curly fries are fresh cut -- always specify curly! I get the Texas sauce on top and eat them with a fork. Decadent. Then if you have room left, you have to get a milkshake. Black Raspberry? Chocolate mint? Reese's? Where else can you get that?
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,8/8/2012,32,67,1,9,5>I recently stopped here with some out of town guests. We weren't looking for a cupcakery, but stumbled upon it and decided to stop in for an afternoon treat. I'm typically very picky about my cupcakes. The cake itself needs to be moist and the frosting cannot be too sweet.  I tried the Oreo cupcake, which was a chocolate cupcake with oreo flavored buttercream frosting. Yum! I finished the entire thing and scraped my fork across my plate just to pick up any crumbs! It was the perfect size, moist, and with the perfect amount of sweetness. Other cupcakes that were indulged at my table included: Key Lime, Peanut Butter & Jelly, and Red Velvet. Everyone was pleased and raved about how moist and delicious they were -- and surprised how acurately the flavors matched the cupcake names! Firefly Cupcakes is a 5-Star Cupcakery in my book and if you are a fan of these delightful little treats, then I highly recommend that you check it out!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2012,8/7/2012,21,107,7,7,3>Pricerite is an amazing place to shop. It's collection of high and low, exotic and mundane. It's a treasure trove. You can't go to Pricerite looking for anything specific except everything Goya ever put in a can. You cannot think I need hamburger and buns for an impromptu cook-out and go there to get the provisions.  It does not have happily raised beef or pork, but it does have Halal chicken right there next to the chicken "paws." It has pork jowl which is a stand-in for guanciale. Though you can get the oak wood charcoal other places don't have or charge a lot of money for.It does not have HE laundry soap or recycled toilet paper and napkins, the kitty litter stinks, but it does have Santoria candles in that same aisle.It has Barilla pasta for 99 cents and washed arugula for about a dollar cheaper a container than anywhere else. It has corn husks to make homemade tamales with and jicama and stalks of aloe vera. It does not have organic lemons. It does have organic milk.It has dulce de leche Cheerios that I bring to Toronto as a present for my Peruvian brother-in-law. Sometimes it has Kashi Crunch, it always has Kashi "Best Friends" which is absolutely the worst breakfast cereal I've ever eaten. There's pink grapefruit Ting. There are Friendly's ice cream cakes. It has jasmine rice in a 15 pound burlap sack printed with a leaping deer and with a red zipper and handles. i got compliments from Lanai, Hawaii to Brooklyn to Elmwood Village when it was my summer bag.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/6/2012,116,274,,5,3>There is nothing like having some wine, with bread and a delicious oil, aged cheese and chorizo with friends. This place reminds me that I can do that as much as I want at a fairly in expensive cost. The service here is extremely polite and knowledgeable and all the food I have had so far is excellent. Another great addition to the Elmwood area. You have to try this place. I will probably see you there when you go:) I love it!!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,8/5/2012,104,79,3,4,4>I've been to a LOT of yoga studios and experimented with seemingly endless styles. I have my favorites in other cities, but I was worried I wouldn't find a studio in Buffalo that would make me feel like I LOVE yoga again. I actually found two. (See evolation yoga in NT if you like hot yoga!) Hand to Heart is one. The founder, Erin, is an awesome young teacher. She's knowledgeable, helpful and patient. I really appreciate her calm, friendly style of teaching. Another thing I really like about this studio is that it's not pretentious. (If you've been to a lot of yoga studios, you know what I'm talking about... Or you're one of those people I'm talking about.) Experienced yogis/yoginis and newbies are all welcome here, and I love that.But that's not even the end of it! The space is beautiful, modern and homey. And they have HIP HOP YOGA! If you have friends who think yoga is boring, take them to this class. (In fact, that's what I'm doing next week!) It's a fun, upbeat hip-hop inspired yoga slash dance class slash core workout and so awesome you just have to try it! It's officially my new favorite kind of yoga.And the best part is that this studio's rates won't break the bank. There is a FREE all levels yoga class on Sundays. So go experience this amazing yoga studio!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,8/4/2012,1271,587,5,5,4>Dolci, my love! What is there to say? Located in the heart of the Elmwood area, this is a local cafe that brims with love. What sort of love? All sorts. Its staff, their food, the interior, their decorations, the little room with couches and even the bathrooms. They all have a flavor of love to them.Although the place looks small and unassuming from the outside; it's actually huge. It has two floors with beautiful seating for any occasion: whether you're meeting a friend or doing some work (free reliable wifi). There's a beautiful window-front that you can see from the second floor, whimsically observing the happenings of Elmwood village as you eat or drink your coffee.And speaking of coffee, their coffee is amazing and only $1 (including tax). They usually have 3-4 different flavors with some local specialty choices that are a delight to drink. No worries though, their coffee is not the only thing they excel at. I'm just getting started. They have excellent, homemade gelato ice cream (which is free to sample!). If you're bringing a date (and this is an excellent location for a coffee date), the ice cream has never failed to impress.They also specialize in vegan treats. Although I'm not a vegan, I have tried their vegan cupcakes and they are absolutely amazing. They also sell vegan cakes, which look really good, but are pricey at $22 for 6", $40+ for a 10"+. I've never had an occasion to buy one yet.They advertise that they have "the best lasagna in Buffalo," and curiously enough; I tried it. It's vegetarian, stuffed with eggplant, mushrooms and all sorts of goodies. It's served with a delicious salad with homemade vinaigrette dressing. I could actually smell the lasagna cooking for about 10 minutes before it came out. My mouth was absolutely watering at that point and it did not disappoint! Although I do want to say it seemed a little too crispy on the sides, but I still enjoyed the hell out of it. It's $11 (inc tax) for a full portion.This place is great. I love the staff and the owners are really nice guys. Out of pure selfishness, I want this place to remain low-key. I love the quiet, peaceful environment way too much.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/3/2012,86,58,,5,3>When I'm craving Korean I make sure its Monday, Thursday, or Saturday to get their Pork Kalbi special - huge pork ribs with rice. Another dish that I recommend is the Bulgogi (beef or spicy chicken). The dishes are all under $10 and the portions are big. It's one of my favorite cheap eats/great deals in buffalo. There is also the usual free side dishes (3) and kimchi. Be sure to check out my pictures to see the portion!Other notes:* They have magazines for you to read while you wait for your food, there's also a small Korean library of books* Family owned business - its usually this very nice older woman doing everything from taking orders to cooking.* Order and pick up food at the counter, no waiter service* Cash only!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,8/2/2012,9,25,2,3,4>I don't know what my preconceived notions were about the JCC, but since I've signed up, the gym has exceeded my expectations in almost every way possible. I work out in the early mornings, and the gym never seems to be crowded - i always get a lane in the pool, a machine, and a parking space. The pool is clean and not crowded and the gym facilities are nice too. Love the TVs on every piece of cardio equipment. I agree with below posters' assessments of their indifferent trainers.Last but definitely not least, this is not an intimidating gym at all. There are all kinds of people who come here, and I never feel insecure or inadequate. What else could you ask for in a gym?
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,8/1/2012,13,33,3,2,1>Every time I walk around on Elmwood, I have to go to this store...and every time I go, I am greeted with friendly service (the owner works the cash register and is super friendly!), as well as two huge and adorable cats sleeping or wandering lazily around the store.  Besides the pleasant atmosphere, I really do often find things to purchase almost every time I go.  There is a great selection of hats, jewelry, and other assorted items.  My favorite part is the earrings; at 2 for $10, they are hard to resist.  Definitely stop in, if only to pet the cats!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,7/31/2012,126,349,1,5,3>Re-visited Lagerhaus today and was much happier than last time. We wanted somewhere downtown with a patio and really didn't want to suffer through the food & service at templeton, OR try to find a parking spot for P Street. Lagerhaus it was!I ordered the chicken chevre sandwich (grilled seasoned chicken, roasted red peppers, chevre with a little dill mixed in, on a baguette - I skipped the onions) and my lunch mate ordered the beef & brie (roast beef with brie, horseradish cream, and probably a few other things) because "it was so good last time, I can't not order it again!"I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich - it was really good and the dill gave it a wonderful hint of freshness. The side salad was a nice mesculin mix with some veggies and feta, and also had a tiny hint of dill leaves in it (fresh ones) which again, i just loved. Lagerhaus is coming along and will hopefully be there for a long time!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,7/30/2012,3,5,,4,2>Fresh vegetables and home made deliciousness. Sue's is a bright green leafy godsend for the downtown lunch crowd. It's affordable and you get a lot of food on your plate, if you can find a place to put it down and eat it. Sue's is packed during the lunch hour, but the food always arrives quickly, and they seem to have enough staff to handle the lunch rush. It's also pretty rad that the owner started greeting me by name after only a few trips in! It's tucked away next to Shea's Theatre, you'd walk right by it if you didn't know it was there, but it's worth exploring! Rotating specials, salads and soups, in addition to a huge menu, make visiting Sue's a must.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,7/29/2012,113,171,,5,2>What a diamond in the rough!  I never knew this place existed until I saw the small yet intriguing sandwich board outside when heading into the Globe Market.  I absolutely LOVE smoothies, for I make my own at home loaded with fruit, and this place does the exact same!  The counter/kitchen is on one side of the hallway and the really chill/relaxing sitting area is on the other.     They have coffee, teas, juice, smoothies and the unicorn itself, Wheatgrass.  Not being too brave that day, I decided to go with a solid fruit smoothie.  But there is quite a selection of smoothies, from breakfast, expresso, power, to my fruit smoothies.  They have a decent selection of pre-thought out smoothies, but the owner assured me that I could create my own as well.    I went with the Bahama mama, which is pineapple, banana, orange, probiotic yogurt, coconut and Milk.  It was a great combination of each with coconut shavings on top.  What I enjoyed was that they filled the smoothie up past the top, aka more value for the customer, and it's safe to say that I haven't seen that done before!  The sitting area wasn't being used, but it went with the concept of the cafe.  Only open during the work day during the week, it's a healthy alternative to another cup of joe!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,7/28/2012,23,13,2,4,2>I've been searching for good BBQ around Buffalo for a while, and being from Florida I'm used to that smokey, succulent, tender BBQ I grew up on. Needless to say my search has just missed the mark on places like: Dave's BBQ, Suzie Q's and Brickyard (Lewiston). But finally after stumbling on this food truck my perception of Buffalo BBQ has shifted. For me I judge BBQ on its meat and its sauce, all of the side items are like sprinkles on top of a cupcake, they just make the main feature look pretty. This was food truck stop number 2 for me in Buffalo, and I'm becoming a big fan, so much I had it two days in a row. Both times I had the pulled pork, I'm pretty partial to this BBQ beauty. The pork was delicious, nice and juicy and had a little splice blend that gave it a nice contrast from the smokey flavor. I also enjoyed some of their side including: mac n cheese, baked beans, and fruit salad. One disappointing thing I learned though was that baked beans is only on their winter menu, so you may have to wait a little till the beans make their way back on the menu. I personally do not like vinegar based BBQ sauces, the Carolina style, R and R luckily does not serve that wet sauce, and stick to the ketchup based sauce. I really like their spicy BBQ, I've tried their original and sweet which are both great sauces, but the spicy gives the BBQ a little kick but is far from being spicy or too much to handle.Prices are not too bad for this place, $8 can get you a BBQ meat of choice, 2 sides, and corn bread. They also have BBQ wraps, that one day I'll have to try but it's hard for me to invision BBQ served mexican style, but I dig the change.To find this place go online and follow them on facebook, that way you can find their current location. If you're in the Buffalo area, and really craving BBQ give R and R BBQ truck a shot, you definitely will not be disappointed.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,7/27/2012,5,6,,3,3>Kentucky Greg's is one of those no-nonsense restaurants that make Buffalo a great place for food lovers. They don't waste your time with overly flashy menus or try to impress you with fancy decor. What you get is the reason you go out to eat anyways, simply great food. The BBQ itself is always tender and juicy. I go for the black eyed peas and collard greens when I eat here. I would highly recommend this place to any BBQ lovers in the area.  Don't let the plain-jane exterior fool you, this is one of the best places to get BBQ for miles.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/25/2012,17,35,1,3,2>I love this place!  The stars are not a rating for decor but for the food and friendly service.  I eat lunch here all the time!  Only 3.49 for lunch until 3pm. The lady is super nice and very accommodating. Food is never anything but hot, fresh, and wonderful!  You never have to worry about weather you came on a good day or bad day because the food is consistent.  Only 3 tables to eat at but most people order take out so if you want you eat here you normally came have a seat.   ^_^  Their crab rangoons are very garlicky so make sure you love garlic like I do before ordering them.  (Best dipped in sweet and sour sauce which they will hook you up with if you ask for it)
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,7/24/2012,3,14,3,6,3>My boyfriend and I were looking for a good place for breakfast since IHOP gets old after awhile. We went on a Friday morning around 10 am and were seated right away. They have a whole wall filled with pictures of Guy, and a whole wall filled with pictures of professional boxers, just to give you the vibe of the place.I got a stack of pancakes, my boyfriend got the hash big breakfast. I'm obsessed with carbs, so their homemade bread is as good as I've read about. Our waiter made conversation that wasn't awkward or forced, and service was very fast. My boyfriend was going into this not expecting to be satisfied, but when the bill came back and it was only $16.10 he couldn't complain. He liked it so much that we actually went back the next day. It being a Saturday morning, I was expecting a different experience. When we walked in the door there was one couple ahead of us, but also space at the counter. We opted to just wait for a table, just because we weren't in a rush to be anywhere. It took about 15 minutes to be seated. But honestly that's what I expected. I got to watch the kitchen from where we were standing, which was interesting. The owner was working, making sure dishes were being brought out asap, making food, wiping down tables. A lot of the customers stopped by to say hello before they left. It was exactly what I would want to see from a small business. Once we were seated our order was taken and made right away. This time I got the #3 (2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and 2 pieces of bacon) and my boyfriend ordered something that begins with a G. Giambotta? No idea. It's a huge pile of sausage, eggs, and peppers. He said it was good, but not as good as the hash.   The place has a few cracks in the walls, ugly carpet, and wiggly tables, but so does IHOP. This place is cheaper, and way more welcoming. I've lived in Buffalo my whole life and I can't believe I've never been here before.  We will definitely be going back soon.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/23/2012,75,42,6,7,6>Overall A+!!!This place is very unassuming and cozy. However, the dishes are all unexpectedly complex. We did it family style and ordered plenty of fun dishes (beets 5 ways, perogies, rabbit, bread basket, a few homemade pasta dishes, and great wine)!It's a very cozy (tiny) restaurant, and making a reservation is a must. During our dinner, there were about 4 or 5 parties that came in on the fly and had to be turned away. So, definitely not a place you can do last minute.But, most noticeable was the awesome customer service! I noticed they really want people to come in, and enjoy the whole experience. While one table was finishing up, and the next reservation arrived...there was a bit of an overlap. The BEST solution I've ever witnessed was the owner (or might have been the chef?) met them at the door and said "While they finish up at your table, why don't I buy you all a round of shots?". I thought it was very classy, and very tactful...everybody wins!I suggest it as a great place to go with close friends, family, or date night. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/21/2012,24,64,10,5,6>Hello Friends - this is a very personal review for me. I usually don't jump on a huge review-heavy band wagon, just to add a "me too", but I need to sing the praises of this incredible donut joint.First: I heart-fully believe that donuts are THE perfect food.Its the complete package....Starch,Sugar, Fat....yummmmmmmThe thing you lie to yourself about ( you know you do) The " I don't want/need/desire/crave/would kill a priest for" food.You mouth says no, but your body says GO GO GO....lolHOW I  LOVE THEM!!!!!!!!Paula's makes one of the  best donuts I have ever eaten (and I'm old).Read all the stuff already written...no need to repeat ... they are that good!!Here ( remorsefully), is my current  bender.At 3:00 pm donut time, the girl and I entered a very busy Paula's as fresh Donuts were flying into the case.  We waited and ordered a dozen... the box was heavy, I was drooling. Had 3 eaten before we got home.I ate alot of them..I slept... I ate some more. OH the cheese Half-moon things...new to me, filled with a cream cheese custard...holy crap!!... so tasty.I woke up this morning with a significant donut hangover... chocolate smeared on my PJ top.I made some coffee... and shamefully reached into the box to get a day-old (s).  I looked at the vanilla custard filled, chocolate topped donut lovingly.  I decided to weigh it while coffee was brewing. It weighed 18.5 oz.I believed this for 15 minutes due to the aforementioned hangover...then the coffee kicked in - The scale was on grams, looks like that puppy weighed  more than 1/3 of a lb my merry Friends!!!Hard working real donut shop...some service and flow issues keep them from getting six stars - they are not cheap but worth twice the price. Stay away so the lines don't get longer than they are already!OUT
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/20/2012,119,125,3,6,2>Wow. Brunch at Shango yesterday was remarkable. My mother and I shared an appetizer, description pasted here from online menu: Two avocado spring rolls, sun-dried tomato and roasted corn, cilantro pecan pesto, chili pepper garlic sauce, sesame-seaweed salad. The thin rolls were lightly fried, not greasy nor too crisp, and created a party in my mouth. All spring rolls shall be held to this standard henceforth. The cilantro pecan pesto, chili pepper garlic sauce and seaweed salad were served for dipping. The seaweed salad could stand on its own as a side. Perhaps I need to get out more. Portions were large for the prices charged. I had, get ready, more cutting and pasting here: Scrambled eggs, arugula, roasted tomatoes & smoked gouda wrapped in a whole-grain lavash, hollandaise sauce. Simply divine. The eggs were not not runny, the smoked gouda made its presence known and the wrapper was sturdy enough to keep the contents happily bundled inside. The bill came to $30. We were headed to a movie so didn't have cocktails, but wait 'til next Sunday.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/19/2012,31,39,3,6,3>After many visits, I've put Aroma in my Top 10 list of restaurants in the city. To break it down :Food - Creative and decadent with nice presentations. I've honestly never had anything I did not like. Pasta dishes are always full of flavor. I personally love the Rigatoni Aroma. I've also had the Pappardelle Piemonte which is also delicious. They get many of their ingredients from local purveyors which gets them points in my book, especially when this provides hormone-free and pesticide-free selections. The ever-changing specials menu usually provides something that will leave a lasting impression as well. The pizzas are decent but they are not the stars of their menu. They are thinly crusted with classic Italian toppings like tomatoes, onions and cheese. Aroma is also a great choice when it comes to brunch places in the city, and I'm not just saying that because they have an entire menu dedicated to Bloody Mary's and similar cocktails. Take note - alcohol is not served for brunch until Noon. Atmosphere - Great place to consider for a date night or any special occasion. The interior has a modern, trendy feel to it. The patio is spacious, however, due to the location, does not provide much of a view.Service - I have either lucked out or the servers deserve the credit, but I have never had a bad experience. Most of the staff is young and like any place you can run into your uneducated or pretentious personalities but for the most part everyone is very polite and accommodating.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,7/18/2012,9,33,7,6,6>I have been to this little gem tucked away on Kensington Ave twice now and have been wowed both times! You want to experience a lil bit of Italy in the heart of Cheektowaga this is the place to get it! The owner, with his thick accent and homeland charm, came to the table both times to chat for a minute and make sure everything was good. That probably was the best part. I love when the owner takes such pride in his business. In the kitchen, making the wonderful creations that will be placed down in front of you, is the owners wife. With no formal culinary training except generations of family shared recipes, she is one of the greatest chef's around. We always start with enough apps to feed an army, but you have to, they are that wonderful. We always get the Risotto Del Giorno of the day (you can never go wrong with this one), Ravioli Della Nonna, Fusilli in a lite cream sauce with sun dried tomatoes with roasted chicken, and the Gnocchi Del Barone. I am not usually one to go for cream sauces, which all of these have, but they are all so lite and delicious I dream about them for the whole day prior to eating there. When we go we eat Family Style, which means we take a few bites of the plate we order then pass to the left. That way we get to try 4 or 5, sometimes 8, depending on the party size! meals in one sitting. In my opinion this is the best way to go out to eat and I really don't like going to dinner with people who hate sharing. I have tried the following at this lil gem: 1. Cinghiale Alle Brace - Fresh tenderloin of wild boar marinated in EVOO, aged balsamic and juniper berries finished on the grill with a barolo wine sauce. Superb. For those of you who have not yet had, or are too scared to eat game meat, this tenderloin is very similar to a pork tenderloin. 2. On the special menu - a Venison tenderloin, for the most part prepared the same as #1! This was amazing. The first time I ate here I ordered this and wished the entree would have been twice the size, not that my portion didn't fill me, but it was just that good that I would have been a glutton just this one time! 3. Branzino Al Ferri- Fresh filet of chilean sea bass pan seared in white wine and herbs, finished on the grill in a creamy pesto sauce with roasted pine nuts. This was the dish that got me to like salmon. So so so wonderful. It was seared to perfection then grilled to a delightful crisp! 4. My boyfriend got the Gamberi Capesante Livornese- Fresh sea scallops and tiger shrimp in a delicious brown sauce of cognac and shallots surrounding a nest of angel hair pasta! I did not try this but my 7 year old did and he loved it. That says alot!5. Ravioli All'Aragosta - lobster filled ravioli in a pink cream sauce with baby shrimp cooked in brandy. This was wonderful. Again, not a big lobster fan, but anything in a ravioli is a win- win. As for deserts this place has many beat! We have had the Chocolate Lava cake which is like floating in Willy Wonka's chocolate lake on your way to enter the Pearly Gates of heaven. The very berry tart is so warm and delicious it is sinful and the Apple Crostada with its cinnamon gelato is just too much to handle. Be prepared to over eat, maybe go to the gym before going here so that you may indulge yourself without feeling guilty! I look forward to our next visit! Complimenti alla cuoca!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,7/17/2012,136,280,4,10,6>My favorite lunch place during the week. I go here a couple times a month. Every time I go I only order off the specials menu because these people know what they're doing! The only times I have ever been disappointed was when I "made" my own sandwich. If I pick off the specials board then I am never disappointed!Their salads are particularly good, especially if you want something unique, healthy and full of flavor. If you want to be naughty with your calories, get their Mac and cheese which is a special on Fridays. To die for. The service is another reason I enjoy coming here. Always friendly and prompt.UPDATE:Recently had their catered lunch delivered to my office.  They had a great selection of sandwiches with different unique and delicious condiments (including red pesto!!), as well as fresh and soft cookies for dessert.  Highly recommended!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,7/16/2012,69,317,,4,3>Great restaurant and unique food!  My hubby brought me here for my bday and we went all out and got the tasting menu.  They were delicious sample sizes of various dishes including: a pan seared scallop in a riseling madagascar sauce, loaded baked potato soup, bacon wrapped grilled aspragus on top of BBQ mashed potatoes, crab cake and charred shrimp, chicken potstickers with bok choy, and a chocolate creme brulee torched tableside.  We split a bottle of wine and had a great night out.  Yes the samples are smaller - but once you eat a little bit of everything - you are full by the end!  We also came here to visit the bar and had some great drinks and appetizers.  Love this place!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,7/15/2012,22,41,3,4,4>If you're looking for an intimate wine and spirits shopping experience, Salut is for you. The owner, Kelly, is as friendly as she is knowledgeable, and will have plenty of ideas based on what you're looking for. She recommended two lovely options for me recently when I was looking for a new wine to pair with duck. The 2009 Sancerre Le Mont Rouge we chose was fantastic. Also, check out their "Basket of Last Bottles," which are 10% off.And then there's the spirits. They have vodka, rum and anything you might need to stock your average bar, but there's a sophisticated flair to their offerings and some less common (yet delightful) picks in their repertoire: think St. Germain, Campari, etc. Sure, it's a seemingly slim selection compared to the big box stores or even Premier, but I'd rather have fewer, better options any day. Sometimes the big places are just overwhelming. To add even more charm and likability, they partner with Vera to do cocktail events -- look out for those.Although it's entirely away from my neighborhood, I'll enjoy shopping here each chance I get. What a lovely addition to Main Street in East Aurora!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,7/14/2012,82,198,6,4,4>Hi-Ya in your mouth! Service/Atmosphere - As soon as I entered Kung Food I was round-house kicked in the face with hospitality - the super friendly (and *cough* cute *cough*) owner, who also cooks your food in the fully-visible kitchen, greets you promptly, does some of the serving and seems genuinely interested in your opinions on his food. The young lady who made my bubble tea was also a very friendly face. Clean, simple space with a few traditional Asian touches here and there; love their signage. Cute cafe-style seating. Food - I was tempted to deduct a star for the considerable lack of vegetables in the main courses (one vegetarian option and all other options are 100% meat). Their food was just SO darn good though - rich, spicy and sweet sauces with heat level to order; loads of fresh crisp veggies & sesame in my vegetarian entree; fluffy, mildly flavored sticky rice you can actually eat with chopsticks; perfectly breaded, fried and glazed chicken that manages to be light (Kung Food Chicken - my date's entree). Also, they do offer all vegetarian sides - fresh cucumber and carrot salad in a sweet, tangy vinaigrette; fresh green salad with Asian dressing (sort of a teriyaki, peanut, spicy yet sweet flavor I couldn't place but was most enjoyable) and "Asian potato salad" which contained sweet corn and carrots - that tasted made-that-morning-good. The green and cuke salads, as well as the vegetarian entree, are most likely vegan but I didn't ask. Bubble Tea - Okay, shred my food hipster card with a kitana, because I had never had this before. For the uninitiated, it is a strong-brewed black iced tea with your choice of flavor (he has over a dozen - I got peach) with a little jell-o like balls of tapioca or jelly in it. You drink through a very big straw, sucking the little balls (oh haha, terrible choice of words) into your mouth, making a "bubbly" feeling as they go over your lips and tongue. You can chew them or just swallow them whole. It was AWESOME! A quite-large container came with the meal for only $1.99 extra (versus the $3+ it costs alone). Overall, it was a karate chop of freshness to my face!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,7/13/2012,52,100,3,6,3>I love these little places. It definately a coffee shop atmopshere. Not much fanfare about the inside, with a few tables and a long counter. You can't come to this place and be stuck up. You will find a bit of everybody in there. When we arrived it was pretty busy and full. While waiting the people who were waiting behind us, pointed out an empty table. I said it is not clean, they stated you have to clean it yourself!!!!OKKKK, my wife and I went to the table and were not excited about picking up other's mess, but a staff came over and cleaned the table to our relief...lol.As stated the prices are great. we both ordered full breakfast meals, my wife had coffee and I had orange juice and the bill totaled around $8.BTW we did place our dirty dishes and the dirty container!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,7/12/2012,54,288,7,9,5>After reading Don Q.'s review on this I had to visit. I knew this place has been around I just never got around to trying it.I arrived about 9.30am. The owners had not yet filled or set up the cafe area for business however they were most accomodating.  Told me what they had available from the freezer and that was fine with me. I purchased 2 steak and ale pies, scotch eggs, a mushy pea pie and 2 egg custard tarts. The tarts never had a chance and were devoured on the slow ride home.I recall eating meat pies in Great Britain oh so many years ago and not particularly liking the pastry part of the pie.  The tart crust was perfection and the filling was gooey and good. The steak and ale pie was a real treat.  The mushy pea and scotch eggs are on deck for dinner.I'm really impressed with the owners. They shared their hopes for the future and I wish them well. They are dedicated to their dream and things seem to be working out. Also it doesn't hurt that their oh-so-adorable baby boy is with them.Save the cost of flying across the pond and check out the authentic English eats.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,7/11/2012,26,72,,4,4>City WIne Merchant is such a welcome addition to the wine scene in Buffalo. This city has a great selection of large scale wine and beer providers, but nothing as intimate and well-selected as City Wine Merchant's offerings. The owners know their stuff; they have tried EVERY bottle in the store, and hand select the rotating offerings on the shelves. This makes for a truly unique and educational shopping experience, as the changing selection encourages you to try new varieties and regions. For both Christmas, and Thanksgiving I was in charge of wine for our family gatherings; every single bottle I purchased from City Wine Merchant was a hit! The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and more than willing to give you a sample, or point you in the direction of a new favorite. They also feature weekly tastings, and a mix and match deal that can save you some bucks if you shop in bulk. Yes, this place is a little pricier than the average liquor store, but it is well worth it if you are looking to shake up your wine routine and learn a little something along the way!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,7/10/2012,90,142,3,9,5>This place is the best and truly a hidden gem!  The decor is an absolutely perfect collection of all sorts of historic memorabilia and flags.  The free nachos and popcorn are also a big plus.  However, the real reason to go here is bartender and owner Michael Driscoll.  Mike is the perfect accompaniment to a long night of drinking.  He is entertaining, funny and he knows trivia...I mean he KNOWS trivia.  It takes a bit to get him going on a non-trivia night, but once you get him going he'll have the whole bar engaged in trivia.  He's not just up on historical trivia either, pick a category and he will astound you with the breadth of his trivial knowledge.  Would be interesting to see how Watson would have faired against Mike on Jeopardy.  This place is a can't miss for a night of drinking in Buffalo.  The crowd is mixed and very sociable which kind of describes Buffalo anyway.  Go there!!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,7/9/2012,61,48,2,3,2>Penzey's is an old friend of mine because of where I am originally from.  Seattle is the first Penzey's I went to, on a trip with my father to find a good barbecue rub.  So I was very excited to find one not too far from where I live.I happen to be one of those vintage weirdo's that collects spice bottles... Penzey's, in all its glory, offers me something special: a chance to buy different seasonings in package form.  The large, bulk sized ziplock baggies are a good thing for me because I never have to buy the pricey bottles.I have only bought the basics spices, like cumin, chili spice, and tellicherry black pepper.  And I try to catch any 'end of the Season' sales they have, like a four pack of salt-free rubs for $10.  I'm also hooked on their gift packs, because they have saved me on more than one 'last minute gift' run.Penzey's works for me.  But, I don't see it working for the occasional baker or the cook who only makes a meal twice a week.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/8/2012,72,331,1,4,3>So I'm driving down Main St. trying to find a place to get food quick to bring home. (which Main doesn't seem to have a lot of choices for this) Was about to go to Burger King at Utica but the drive through was too busy for me to actually want to wait for BK food, So I pull back on to Main when all of a sudden the beautiful sign of Buffalo's Steak and Sub shop caught my eye.I never knew this place existed before but from looking through the big windows, the place looks really clean inside. (and in this neighborhood area, that's saying something) So I decide to stop in and give them a try.Ultimately they did not disappoint. Similar selection to say a Jim's Steakout. I got a Steak Hoagie and got a Turkey and Bacon sub for the wife. Both were a decent size with lots of meat, could have been a bit lighter on the oil and mayo for T and B, as it was super sloppy, but still tasty.Prices are about a buck cheaper than Jim's and food is totally on par, so worth checking out if you are in the area.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,7/7/2012,27,140,5,4,3>I've always walked past this place as it's right in my neighborhood, but I never decided to try it until now. I guess because I hadn't heard much about it, and the way it looked, it didn't look like it was going to last very long. But then listening to the radio today, I actually heard an advertisement for the restaurant talking about its delicious Jamaican dishes, and then I was hooked.So, talking my partner into going, we went inside. It was pretty dead, with only two other people seated. The hostess was really nice though, and she went through her entire menu with us so we knew everything they had to offer. She mentioned how the menu was going through some changes, because there were some unsuccessful dishes on there, which is too bad. Although, I suppose when your menu is so big, there's bound to be things that people are not interested in trying.At the top of the menu are the Jamaican patties, which you can get in beef, chicken, or vegetable. We ordered the vegetable one in the coco bread. The coco bread sounded really interesting, but it wasn't as good as I was hoping. It's kind of like Hawaiian bread. The patty was pretty decent, definitely flavorful, but perhaps I would like the beef more. I hear they're pretty popular, at least that's what our hostess said.Next we ordered our entrees, which she described as "Mama portions." I liked that personal touch. To eat them and a whole patty, you have to be a "football player" she said. :) Each entree comes with a vegetable side and a rice side, which is pretty nice. You definitely won't leave hungry. For my entree, I ordered the jerk chicken. I have a feeling that is pretty popular because when people think Jamaican food, they think jerk chicken. It was my first time trying it, and it was pretty good. It tasted really authentic, although I never had Jamaican food prior to compare it to. And the chicken itself was really flavorful, although I wish it could have been juicy. Honestly, if I could have that flavored chicken in a burrito with, rice, salsa, guac, and sour cream, that would be heavenly, haha, but I can only dream.The beans and rice were okay. They needed a lot more seasoning, but after adding some salt they tasted a lot better. My favorite though were the vegetables, which I ordered sweet potato and pineapple. Okay, I probably would never order that combination because it sounds so odd, but I was craving sweet potato, and she didn't have the curry sweet potato. Anyway, I ordered that and it was sooooo delicious! The pineapple went marvelously with the sweet potato. I was shocked! I'll definitely have to try that combination at home.My partner ordered the fried red snapper, which I tried, but didn't care for. He really liked it. I thought it tasted too fishy, like it didn't taste right. He also ordered the curried zucchini, which I found to be delicious. My only discrepancy was the zucchini was very mushy, and I wish it was more firm and tender, as opposed to mush.Other than that, I really liked the place, and we're definitely coming back soon. I particularly liked the decor inside with the lizards on the wall with the sunflowers painted on their back, and the reggae music that was playing in the background. I love reggae music! I even like the color of the walls, which are yellow, and I'm not a big fan of yellow. Although, the lights are very yellow, which makes it too much. I would prefer a different type of light with maybe a different color lamp cover, because it didn't look very appealing to me. But that's so minor, the food is really what's important.What I'd suggest is to make sure the beans and rice are spiced nicely. Otherwise, they're so plain. Second, I'd make sure the veggies aren't coming out mushy and soggy. Third, I would use that beautiful dessert case that is in the front and fill it with some cheesecakes and rum cakes. If I were to see them with my eye, and they looked so good, I would probably break down and get something to go. And if it's that good, I'd probably come in just to get a slice of cake because where else can you get rum-inspired desserts in Buffalo? :)
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,7/6/2012,71,339,,10,4>The Basilica is beautiful not just for its stunning architectural beauty, but also for the stories behind how it was built.Free tours are offered on Sunday at 1:00.  Take advantage of the knowledgable tour guides if you can. Don't miss the Fr. Baker museum downstairs.  Upstairs you can revel in the beauty of thousands of angels and ornate Italian marble, but the museum downstairs puts things into perspective and gives the beauty upstairs real meaning.  You learn the story of the humble beginnings of the church and how it was literally built by pennies and nickels.  Remember to be respectful of the fact that this is an active Catholic church and there are likely going to be people in prayer at various places in the church.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/5/2012,12,46,3,10,6>Best place for meat in Buffalo. Sausage is sensational, regularly get the bison beer sausage and the slab bacon will give any vegetarian pause. It is not the cheapest place for meat, but worth every penny. Only complaint is the hours...I'd be the more often but a 5 PM close is tough on working folks. It always kills me to drive by it on the way to wegman's to buy something inferior.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/4/2012,12,82,2,3,3>Apparently my girlfriend enjoys yelping about my orgasmic perfect bite of molten lava cake mixed with the right amount of vanilla ice cream that formed a warm gooey and cold explosion of flavor in my mouth all at the same time... yes it was that good! I've driven past this place numerous times and have been to their sister restaurant Jojo Cafe in Rochester so I thought this would be a good place to celebrate my anniversary with my girlfriend (Kaylynn C). We were seated promptly @ 8pm per our reservations and as we were walking to our table there were two things I noticed: 1) This place was packed for a Thursday and 2) The atmosphere and decor were perfect. As the night went on they dimmed the lights which kind of set the romantic mood for many people... or just me... I'm one of those hopeless romantic types.So back to the meal. Since it was our anniversary we decided to get two appetizers since she doesn't like sharing, but luckily when she went to the bathroom I had some of her Lobster and Crab Fondue :) hehe. I must say that the fondue is quite addicting. I ordered a half dozen raw oysters on the half shell and they were delicious. The appetizers combined with the bread already filled me up, but we still had more coming!For my main entree I got the bone-in cowboy ribeye which was seasoned with salt, pepper, butter and rosemary with a side of the orzo mac n cheese. I am a stickler when it comes to my steaks and how they are cooked and let me tell you, they cooked it PERFECTLY. The side was amazing for the few bites I had of it because someone (cough cough kaylynn c cough cough) ate most of it :(. The dipping sauce that came with my meal was a gorgonzola and horseradish mix which I would prob pass on when I go back. The only negative I have for the meal was the marinade/seasoning with the steak. I LOVED IT, but I wish there was more of that distinct rosemary flavor. Black and Blue definitely ranks up there of my top steak places. Plus like other people have mentioned in their reviews... Williamsville/Amherst has been hurting for a place like this in the area
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,7/3/2012,59,84,,5,4>I was here for the first time on a Saturday afternoon. I was impressed with how simple the displays were inside but they were perfect for the space. The sales woman was friendly and super helpful. I was looking for some gluten free options for my boyfriend and she was very knowledgeable about them. My boyfriend ordered a "buckeye" which is some type of peanut butter and chocolate confection. He really enjoyed it and probably wishes he had about 10 more. They were very inexpensive and it was nice that he was able to eat something that came out of a bakery. He also tried the fudge and gave it an okay review. Next time, I will be sure to try these for myself.For my choices, I sampled the lemon, orange and vanilla Italian cookies. I'm not a big fan of Italian cookies so I'm not sure why I picked these, but they were probably the most moist Italian cookie I have ever eaten. The flavor in the orange and lemon cookie was very subtle and I had wished it was a little stronger. I had expected the vanilla cookie to be the same but it had much more flavor than the fruit varieties. I will definitely go back here. This would be a perfect place to pick up a tray of cookies for a family gathering.There were other things that I wanted to try but I didn't.   Other things that caught my eye were a fresh fruit tart - only $2 a piece, some mini loaves of sweet breads including one completely covered in a variety of seeds and a freshly made focaccia,Even if the product would have been bad on my first visit I would have given it another shot solely because the service was so spectacular.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,7/2/2012,13,11,6,7,4>Though I am severely lactose-intolerant, I make regular trips to Sweet Jenny's for the best homemade ice cream I've ever eaten.  I experience great pain and discomfort the next morning, but believe me when I say, it's worth it.The 5732 Main Street location combines Sweet Jenny's chocolate shop and Jenny's ice cream shop, both of which used to be located on Spring street a little farther down the road, towards Glen Falls Park.  I used to love getting ice cream at this location and then taking a walk through the park, so I was a little sad when it moved to a less parkside location on Main.  I also miss the old school charm of the interior of the old Spring Street building.No worries, though, as you can still take your ice cream to the park, sit outside, or stroll through the village of Williamsville.  Plus the new location is open year-round (there isn't much indoor seating though--just a small table with 3-4 chairs and a bench).  My go-to Jenny's favorite is a scoop of Peanut Butter and a scoop of Black Raspberry in one of their amazing homemade waffle cones:  it's like eating peanut butter and jelly, but colder, creamier, and so much more delicious.  Double Dark Chocolate and Coffee is a worthy back-up.  The best thing about the Double Dark Chocolate is that it's rich, but not in an ice-creamy way (you know when ice cream has that overpowering richness to it that comes from the cream?).  Rather, the chocolate imparts the richness, while the ice cream maintains the smooth, thick texture that I've only experienced at Jenny's.I know you're about to go try both of these combos, BUT, if they have Oreo Latte available, order a triple scoop.  This is probably the best ice cream flavor I have ever tasted.  It's unbelievable.  I had it once and the memory of its creamy deliciousness haunts me, so much so that I'm thinking about going to buy a pint of their Coffee ice cream and a package of Oreos to keep my company while I watch the Sabres game tonight...
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/1/2012,32,8,,5,2>I went here for dinner on a beautiful friday evening.  The location on the water next to the naval museum and in proximity to FNC was great.  I took the metro down so I have no clue about parking.  They have a decent beer selection, mostly craft beers with the buffalo standard of Labatt's thrown in on tap.  The price was fairly expensive for Buffalo but what I would expect from a waterfront/downtown establishment.  About $6 a pint. We split the mussels as an appetizer which were good.  My wife got the shrimp tacos which she loved and I thought tasted very good.  I decided on the lobster roll which tasted fine but left me a bit unsatisfied honestly.  I expected it to be small because lobster isn't cheap but it seemed the sandwich was mostly bread at times.  Overall great atmosphere and good food.  Next time I'll try the burger instead.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/30/2012,4,38,1,10,3>Pros: Service, Rolls, 20oz Bone-in Rib eyeCons: Very small waiting area, parking lotIs it a good restaurant for kids? YesIs it good choice for big groups? YesIs the parking lot enough to accommodate the customers? NoWe decided to hang out with friends to have a nice time. It was around 6:30pm on a restaurant week and the restaurant was crowded. Our waiting estimated time was about 45 minutes, what to be true was less than that. So, if you are planning to go to this restaurant arrive around 5:30pm/6:00pm because the waiting area is very small and sometime can be too crowded. Plus the parking lot is not enough for the restaurant and you need to find some place on the street to stop your car.The waitress service was fantastic and the food did not take so much time to arrive to us. She was a very friendly, nice person and happy. And for what I noticed, not only her but the staff seems happy too. It is a very warm place and I can say unique in Buffalo, because I think I didn't find yet a place with waiter staff like this here yet. Today because I was carving for a meat, I tried the 20oz Bone-in Rib eye.Overall, I don't have anything to complain about the food. It was delicious! I could not find negative points about it. It was a long time that I didn't try a delicious rib eye like this. So, if you are looking for a place to hang out with friends or family, Hide Away Grille is your place.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,6/29/2012,41,19,3,8,4>For a city festooned with Friday Fish Fry joints, Squires stands up to the best of 'em. Can't finish a huge beer battered haddock? Get a mini. Don't want fries tonight? Get a baker, a sweet baker, potato salad, you get the picture. They're always running specials too. Tonights was beer battered lake perch. Great variety of pub-style grub, and entrees. Or just pony up to the bar on a weeknight to watch the game, or listen to the owners police/fire dept. scanner (or his deadpan crass jokes). Fish Fry-ers beware, though. Fridays are ALWAYS jamming. But once seated have no fear, for having such a small kitchen, they rock out the orders. A definite must when in the good old City of Tonawanda.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,6/28/2012,8,17,2,3,2>I first found Fairycakes at the Main Place Farmers market.  I was very impressed by their style and cupcakes, although I never bought one.  When I was planning my wedding I set up an appointment with Mo, co-owner.  She was absolutely the greatest to work with, and my husband and I really enjoyed the tasting she did for us.  We ended up having them make carrot cupcakes and favors for our wedding, both turned out amazing!  As a gift, we got a free 1/2 dozen cupcakes for our one year anniversary!  Love them!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,6/27/2012,7,45,,2,4>So glad we decided to stop here today!  Was a beautiful day and wanted to sit outside for lunch.  I had the O'brien (vegetarian wrap) boyfriend had a chicken wrap, forgot the name...we got 2 seats at the outdoor counter and enjoyed watching people and bike riders out and about.  Took about 15 min for our food...which wasn't bad as they were quite busy.  I LOVED my wrap..a sundried tomato pesto totally made the dish..and every bite had good flavor, which is the way I like my sandwiches/wraps.  I ate every bite.  The boyfriend was licking his fingers so I'd say it was 2 thumbs up! Came with a pickle spear on the side.Will be one of our regulars this summer!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,6/26/2012,43,196,,3,3>mmmmmmmmm.........The crust is PERFECT.  The sauce is sweet, but not too sweet.  The margarita pepperoni is curled up just enough that the edges are just a little black.  Speaking of black, the bottom has the perfect blackness from decking on the stone deck.  And the wings, oh the wings!  Jumbo, crispy, perfect heat.  mmmmmmmmm.......just be prepared to wait a bit on a Friday night!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,6/25/2012,45,89,,5,4>I had a pleasant dinner at Merge with my best friend last night after having made reservations before Babel at Kleinhan's Music Hall.  We made a reservation and our table was waiting for us when we got there.  The restaurant is very peaceful, with a hip edge, especially due to the mood created from the live music.  There was a very lovely duo playing light jazz that made the experience that much more enjoyable.  It was a warm, sunny evening, and the sun was streaming through the front windows when first arriving.  I did have to change my seat so I was not blinded, but I am not complaining about natural light.  It felt really nice.  This was my first time dining at Merge, but my girlfriend had been there several times.  The walls have beautiful artwork and I love how they're one of the handfull of places in Buffalo which showcases local artists.  Supposedly, on Wednesday nights (it was Wednesday), in the side room, they have Scrabble competitions!  How fun is that?Our sever was excellent: down to earth, knowledgable, and attentive.  We ordered some big draft beers and some wonderful appetizers.  The warm olives were very delicious, and the fried pickles we ordered were plentiful and of course very yummy.  We also ordered a side of their mac and cheese which they entered in a "best mac and cheese in Buffalo" contest, since I wanted to try it and vote.  It was really different; it was made with penne macaroni, two different cheeses, a little heat, onion, and apple chunks!  The side was perfect for the two of us to split and taste.  For my entree, I ordered the Rosemary Walnut salad which had white rasins, red onion, walnuts, mixed greens, and chicken (I may have forgotten some other ingredients).  The dressing was tasty, and I was definitely satisfied.  My friend ordered a really nice special of the night, a pesto pasta with fresh vegetables and she added chicken.  Even though I am not a vegetarian, I think it is really cool that Merge caters to vegan/vegetarians.  They have excellent choices on the menu for everyone, even though it is not a very large menu.  I am happy I finally had a chance to dine at Merge, and I will probably go back-- maybe for late night drinks and live music on a weekend night!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,6/24/2012,100,241,6,3,3>Let's face it - I'm carb-phobic. Bagels are not good for me. If I eat bagels, I hollow out the middle and just eat the outside. And I recently had all wisdom teeth removed so I couldn't open my mouth, had a mouth full of stitches and high on 600 mg of ibuprofen and 1000 mg of acetominophen. BUT I still loved Bagel Jay's!..even though the bagel stabbed my wounds over and over again but it was SO delicious!No seriously, these bagels should be illegal. The store was full and everyone should've been arrested so I could have all the bagels to myself. I was super excited to have the lox shmear on marbled rye bagel, but I much much much rather enjoyed myself with the red pepper jalapeno shmear on the jalapeno cheddar bagel.I'm going to go to Bagel Jay's over and over again until I try all the shmears and bagels and then run a petition to make Bagel Jay's exclusively mine. :D
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,6/23/2012,35,689,3,7,4>What do you do if there's a new ethnic restaurant in town? What do you do if you learn that they feature mostly seafood? Then you get your more adventurous friends to join you in testing what's being offered.So that's what I did. I convinced a friend to come and eat seafood with me. And boy, the choices were immense. We ended up ordering a pound of mussels in white sauce, a small order of fried squid, a small order of Vietnamese pork and shrimp dumplings, and a small order of seafood fried rice. Plus, I ordered a durian smoothie, while my accomplice ordered a green tea bubble shake. Overall, it set us back around 33 USD plus tip.So, was it worth it? Oh yeah. I am a big fan of the mussels with white sauce. They were cooked just right, not rubbery at all. The quality suggests that they were super fresh. I also liked the dumplings. Eating such interesting translucent never-seen-before dumplings was a first. They provided some dipping sauce, but I thought it was a little weak, so I used the hoisin sauce that was available on the table. The fried rice was okay, just enough grease, but not bad at all. I also wanted to try the snails, but my accomplice wasn't adventurous enough. Oh well, I will be back. I should say that this restaurant needs a little bit of an open mind. Please do leave your restaurant preconceptions at the door. Seafood is usually associated with high-end swanky settings. And with swankiness comes great expectations. Those do not apply here. Instead, what's waiting for you is fresh seafood, with a cheaper price, and no attitude. Just peruse the menu, place your order at the counter, then sit back, relax, and enjoy the feast. And who knows, you might even be persuaded to get some durian candy for dessert.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,6/22/2012,79,93,3,6,5>As a Californian...I miss me some yummy Mexican food. Cantina Loco fills the void in Buffalo for fun, fresh interpretations of delicious Mexican fare. The prices alone are very FAIR! Wow, $7 for a nacho appetizer that could serve as a meal for two people? The menu is creative and brings flair to the otherwise bland Mexican food offerings in the region. The enchiladas are yummy and the margaritas are also very well priced and tasty.  The ambiance is good if you go early in the evening.  However the closer you get to the general populace feedin' time 730-8pm the noise level becomes a bit chaotic.  You need reservations to eat here at a table.  Otherwise plan on sitting at the bar after a long wait.  Even though Mondays and Tuesdays are traditionally slow days  for restaurants this place is packed at 530 pm!     The patio is now open and expect the place to become an even more enticing food place to spend your hard earned dineros.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/21/2012,17,41,1,4,2>Smart service.  Good food.  Casual, but not trashy, gastro-pub atmosphere.We ate at the bar, which was nice enough.  Good cocktails and a good wine list.Bruschetta flights.  Awesome.We shared the brisket sandwich, with some great fries.  The best part, there were several things on the menu I would have liked, and look forward to getting next time.The place was jumping by the time we left.  Tables were packed and the bar was standing room only.  Friendly atmosphere, people having a good time.It's not a trashy bar (ubiquitous in Buffalo) but rather a pub with good food, a good bar, nice atmosphere, and, maybe most importantly, no TVs!This place is associated with Allentown Hardware.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,6/20/2012,16,336,,4,5>Loves: BULK items section, friendly staff, local foods, coop, BULK items section, and good selection for a tight space. No love: This fall season, I've bought NY state apples from just about every grocer (Tops, Wegmans, Coop, Walmart, etc.). I found the coop apples to be the worst of the bunch (pun partially intended, yet unavoidable). They were mealy and old. Very disappointing. I heard great things about the fresh food, and had a mini feast at their Thanksgiving sampler. Everything offered then was amazing, especially considering it was prepared in house. However, I had their cupcakes the other day and they were the densest, least enjoyable cupcake I've had in a long time. Also very disappointing. Prices: I am a very price conscious shopper. In general, this place is much more expensive than the chains (as expected from a local, organic type of place). HOWEVER, they run some incredible specials on seasonal produce. I have found that the Coop will often have the cheapest price on whatever the seasonal veggie is. It's impressive! Hats off to the Coop on staying competitive with the big guys! The bulk section is also an affordable way to get what you need in the quantity you need; it's the primary reason I go here.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,6/19/2012,62,99,1,5,3>I hadn't been to Brennan's in several years, but just found myself there recently with a group of girlfriends after a group trip to the salon. I only had the French Onion Soup....but I try FOS everywhere I go if it is offered on the menu.  Brennan's has a pretty good thing going.  My only complaint was that the broth was reminiscent of Top Ramen beef broth, but forgiveable because it wasn't off-putting...the cheese was perfectly melted and appropriately browned...the bread held it's own in the sea of hearty onions.  Overall, extremely pleased.  My friends got a few other menu items that looked good....huge wings, broiled scallops, a delicious looking deli sandwich on a pretzel roll.  We ate at the bar....and were taken really good care of by a few different bartenders.  I'll be back, now that this place is back on my radar.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,6/18/2012,96,50,3,6,7>Paula's Donuts isn't a fancy place. It's an old-fashioned donut/coffee shop. There's no drive-through. There's nobody with a headset on. It's got counter seating and booths, so you can sip a cup of coffee and chat with your friends, or with the counterstaff. It's old-fashioned in that it lets you live your life with a special treat in an unhurried way. How simple but rare. But if you are in a hurry, you're going to have to get out of your car and select from some of the most awesome donuts you're likely to find anywhere. There's always a special, but some favorites include: Chocolate peanut stick. The peanut stick is a WNY favorite, but here you can get it with a cakelike, glazed chocolate stick instead of just a regular one. Yes, it's as good as it sounds. Cream-filled peanut donut. Take the awesomest donut with big chunks of peanuts (not the peanut dust some places use) and fill that sucker with the kind of white cream you get inside a Twinkie or a Ring Ding. YOU CANNOT LOSE. Jelly stick. It's deceptive because it's not glazed, and the almost yellow cake dough they use for the regular donuts is fried to a crisp brown exterior. Take one bite and you get a mouthful of donut jelly, which is intensely sweet and you suddenly understand why it's not glazed. Red velvet. Come on.  Just _come on_. Red velvet in donut form, glazed. Fantastic. The best is the service - one time, someone asked about the filled donuts with frosting and coconut on top, wondering whether they might be Bavarian creme filled. The clerk said no, they were Key Lime filled, but if the customer could wait a sec, they'd be happy to get some from the back and fill them for her with Bavarian creme.  When's the last time one of the other local donutmongers let you customize your donut? I should add that the Clarence location is brand-new, so service may be a bit iffy while they get their sea-legs, but the interior is larger and less harried than the Kenmore location.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,6/17/2012,94,917,2,9,5>In the basement of the newly remodeled Statler City buildings lies Rendezvous - a nightclub that claims to rival the best of Vegas and NYC.  Needless to say those are some high standards so I was looking forward to seeing how far this place would fall short of expectations.  One step in and we were all speechless.  You first step into the Statler and you're already blown away by the opulence and upscale decor.  Then you make your way downstairs and more wow.  This is as glamorous as it gets.  Multi-rooms lined with mahogany, filled with jet-black plush leather couches, hanging chandeliers, individually stalled unisex bathrooms (YUP...), furniture and lounge areas surrounding a massive dance floor with pulsing skylights radiating above - I can safely say that this place has no problem competing with the best of any club in any large city.  The crowd is a bit older (late 20s-30s) which is good b/c this place strives to be classier than anything on the Chip Strip, Allentown, or Elmwood and here's to hoping this place doesn't get overrun with belligerent college students in the future.  That being said, drinks are also on the expensive end for Buffalo (~$8 for a well-drink).  Cover is free in January but they will start charging cover after that and you can't really blame them.  They're also attracting some big names such as Cosmic Gate to spin next weekend.  There are always coupons/promotions on their webpage and Facebook page so they're very well connected to their customers through social media.  This place is as classy as it gets and Buffalo just took a huge step up in the nightlife department.  If this place can survive and maintain it's ambiance and clientele, no doubt in my mind this will become the most popular spot in the city.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,6/16/2012,5,25,4,6,5>I really loved the food at Taj Grill!  I decided to try it out because it got the Don Q. seal of approval and there was a Groupon.  It definitely didn't disappoint..The Naan was amazing and one of the highlights of the meal.  We had regular, garlic, and chili varieties and it was incredibly flavorful and fresh. The main entrees were also great.  I got the chicken makhani, which was really rich and delicious.  My stomach was feeling off so I didn't want it very spicy.  The waiter suggested that I order it with medium spice so I went with his recommendation.  The dish was very flavorful but not spicy at all.  Everyone else was happy with their dishes too.  My husband got the goat curry, and our friends got lamb and fish dishes.  The food was well seasoned and there were some items on the menu we hadn't seen at other Indian restaurants so we got the chance to try some new things.  My friends' only critique was that the dishes they ordered X-tra hot were not spicy enough.The waiter was hilarious and very helpful.  I am definitely going back and I will update my review after trying it out a few times.  My suggestion to other diners is to be very specific about your spice preference.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,6/15/2012,41,57,1,2,2>Oh la la.....I know dinner was amazing if I dive in and eat it for breakfast....snack... and lunch... all before 11am...  I came here for a 'first date' and those of your searching "first date" should know I recommend it.We ordered a round of drinks at the bar and then waited for our table, he had made reservations for 7:15.  We were promptly seated, a carafe of ice water was served and some warmed Italian bread with red pepper infused oil.  I didn't care for the dipping oil, but the bread itself was very tasty.  My date however, really liked the oil.  For dinner, my date had the pork tenderloin which looked fabulous and I had the Penne Special.  He commented that he wasn't so sure about his meal because it had a lot of cranberries, but he ate over 1/2 so I would assume the cranberries were OK.  As for mine....OH MY GOD.  Think Macaroni and Cheese from heaven with plum tomatoes, spinach, Gorgonzola, bacon and flank steak... To die for.  I'm writing this while I eat my left overs, I've had to pause several time to enjoy it...  One thing I'd like to point out - The Flank Steak.  It was beyond tender, and it tasted like steak.  I really dislike when I order a "fancy" mac and cheese and it all tastes the same.  This dish had the creamy undertone of Gorgonzola, but the tomatoes were fresh, the spinach was amazing, and then every now and again you get a hit of bacon.  I don't care who you are (excuse me vegetarians/vegans) but bacon is freaking amazing.... and a little surprise bite of it - that's just extra amazing... My dinner was served with a fresh garden salad with their house balsamic vinaigrette on it.  I'm a salad snob and was pleased.  It was fresh, the vegetables were crisp and it had bean sprouts, which I love. Prices per plate ranged from about $11 for the "peasant's fare" all the way up to $30.  I think mine was about $22?  I've had dinner (maybe a little snack before bed), Breakfast, snack, and Lunch.... That's 3 meals and two little gimme bites here and there...   I will absolutely positively be back.....
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,6/14/2012,20,81,3,4,3>I was looking for something a little different that wouldn't make me hate myself after eating it (ie burgers, pizza, etc).  So I opened up the menu drawer and found theirs on top.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka dinner, Taboulee (how they spelled it), and Traditional Mediterranean Salad.  I have to say, the chicken may have been the most tender, perfectly spiced, grilled chicken I've ever had.  I couldn't stop myself from eating more.  The Taboulee was something I've never had before, and I was really surprised at how delicious it was.  They really blended everything together perfectly.  The salad was pretty basic, nothing extraordinary, but not terrible either.  The meal came with traditional middle eastern bread, and some hummus, both were wonderful.  I dined out, so I can't speak of the staff or the building, but I would definitely go back again.  Prices were cheap, portions were big, so it's perfect for Buffalo.  For the record I ate so much, I did end up hating myself, but at least it was healthy.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/13/2012,198,661,5,6,6>Stumbled upon FroYo Culture after enjoying a burrito bowl at Chipotle. So excited that there is a self-serve frozen yogurt shop near home now!!FroYo Culture reminds me so much of my beloved Yogurtland in Denver, CO. But the bonus is that this business is not a national chain, it's family-owned by some really nice Western New Yorkers! I can enjoy my yogurt and support local business at the same time?! EXCELLENT!!! FYC has the capacity for 12 different flavors of yogurt. And the self-serve option really appeals to me since I like to be able to control things... Want more Swedish Fish on that Cake Batter yogurt?? Help yourself! More rasberry sauce on that tart yogurt?? Add away!!! You make your dessert the way you want it. Awesome! I had the strawberry and chocolate yogurt and topped it with all sorts of deliciousness, including peanut butter, toffee bits, coconut, almonds, etc... Mmmmmmmmm! The yogurt tastes great and the toppings are so fun! They even have bobas! You pay by the ounce. The going rate is 45 cents per ounce and the weight can quickly add up. But the less you put in your cup, the smaller the amount that you pay. Again, I have my own control of not only what I eat and how much, but also what I PAY for it. Love love love!!Check out the website for more information and some discounts too! I am definitely looking forward to spending several post-dinner ice cream/dessert opportunities here at FroYo Culture! Awesome place!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,6/12/2012,69,102,,4,2>I have to give Lucy a 5 star review, it was phenomenal and the service was above and beyond what may be perceived as a ghetto food joint. Granted, it isn't the fanciest of places in the best of neighborhoods, but it's well worth it.There wasn't a place to sit when we arrived, and had been planning this 5 person meal for a few weeks so we were definitely planning on sticking it out. It was pretty warm when we arrived inside the restaurant so we stood outdoors. We were quickly greeted by the owner who promptly cleaned up the first 2 person table as soon as it became available while we waited for the rest of our party. As more and more people showed up, he kept coming from somewhere in the back with extra chairs. Needless to say we squished together against the window seat but it was fine.  The owner even closed the door and put on the air conditioning for everyone to make it more comfortable. It was pretty obvious they were super busy and weren't anticipating such a response, but I can't blame them. Everything is made to order and no one seemed too upset about waiting. We got up and grabbed some waters out of the cooler as we waited until he came back to take our order.We had decided to order the Vegetarian Combo, 4 of them to split. I inquired as to whether or not they could make Sambussa's without the meat in it and he wasn't sure since they were already made. Not a big deal, but when he came back and said she would; I was pretty impressed. They are definitely all about giving everybody a good time and experience. Once we put in our order we didn't have to wait for very long to receive it.The vegetarian platter was pretty damn good. I can't comment on how it compared to other Ethiopian fare, since this was my first but I will definitely be trying more. The spice in the red lentils was super but maintained its flavor. The yellow lentils were creamy and sweet. To complete the platter we had marinated carrots, cabbage and collard greens. There wasn't anything on the plate that anyone didn't enjoy. They even put it all on one platter together for us for extra sharing fun. We had extra bread brought over when we needed it and we pretty much killed the entire thing it was so tasty. Everyone was well fed, and spent about $15 including tip; that's pretty good for a night out.! I'd like to come back on Saturdays for coffee and breakfast since that's the only time they do the traditional coffee serving. I foresee a couple visits in my future. Can't wait to try more things on the menu :)
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/11/2012,19,182,2,4,2>This garden center and cafe just opened and they are currently working on their landscaping but yesterday we stopped in to check it out and see the plants and bonsai trees.There is a beautiful gift shop with incense and origami and pottery and plants, and seeds and tools and soil., etc!My friend had Oolong tea and I chose the black tea with Meyer Lemon.  We strolled about and heard there will be food next week and cannot wait to return.After the peaceful experience we took our tea back to the office to enjoy it's taste and scent the rest of the day.What a Happy Friday the 13th.Cannot wait to watch this business grow!Edited to add:And grow it will!Stopped in today for my once a week bowl of soup!  They have an impressive array of beautiful things to order, cooked by a Japanese chef.  The place gets crowded fast and the wait is worth it.  Get a nice cup of tea and look at the beautiful things in the gift shop.  Try to stop in during the off hours from lunch and enjoy the serenity.... there IS no other word!  Homemade chocolate cupcakes frosted with Green tea or Raspberry icing!  I cannot wait to try more menu items but I am addicted to the noodle soup.Believe it or not, I certainly do..... soon to offer Yoga classes.  I could just move in there, I believe.....Stop by ... it's wonderful place to spend time.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2012,6/10/2012,268,183,2,3,3>After receiving multiple recommendations for Pho 99, it felt like a great day for pho! It's raining outside, so what can be better than a warm bowl of delicious pho on a chilly day, right?Keep in mind that I'm from SoCal, which includes Westminster, aka Little Saigon. So I hold Vietnamese food standards at its highest. I would give Pho 99 a higher rating, but overall, it's decent and great in this area. It'll do the trick for those cravings.I had the Pho Tai, beef noodle soup with sliced rare steak ($6.50 for a small, $8.50 for a large). The small size is filling for my appetite, but to me, it's slightly overpriced. The menu is very minimal. It's considered 'Japanese-Vietnamese' so there's one side with things like Chicken Teriyaki, etc. I also liked their music selection, a lot of EDM. It's rare to hear that around here!Accepts credit cards!Parking is pretty limited.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,6/9/2012,96,404,1,5,4>It really doesn't get much better than this!  SERIOUSLY!  And, I'm kind of a picky chick.  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place!  I love the setting.  I love the menu.  I love the wine list.  I love the desserts.  I love the service......I ate here (for the second time) this past Saturday night.  I was happy and relaxed the minute I walked in the door.  My friend and I shared a wonderful bottle of white (I wish I could remember which one..... but I do remember hints of anise and a delightful mineral finish).  Then I went on to the Arugula Salad (arugula, pecans, tomato, onion, roasted red peppers, goat cheese with a honey-balsamic vinaigrette) YUM!  He had the Moroccan Spiced Shrimp Salad (romaine, arugula, fennel, Kalamata olives, oranges with a citrus vinaigrette) which he found equally delicious.  The salads were accompanied by great bread including the BEST foccacia that I've ever had!  I could have made a meal of that.  SERIOUSLY!For main courses we both opted for items on the "specials menu" (although the regular menu had so many delicious sounding items).  I had the salmon which was spiced and seared over fresh corn and green onion risotto, sweet pepper coulis and accompanied by a jumbo prawn.  It was THE BEST SALMON I've ever had!  And I eat lots of salmon!  And the risotto was PERFECT!  My friend had the veal porterhouse which was herb marinated, grilled over roasted Brussels sprouts and fingerling potatoes with pear mustard.  I don't eat veal, but I tried some of the sprouts and they were mighty tasty.  If I wasn't afraid of a scene I would have grabbed all of them!The desserts (made in house...yippee!) all sounds so good that we each got one (rather then sharing).  My date loved his carrot cake.  My warm apple & dried cranberry crisp was mighty good...especially topped with (HOUSE MADE!!) cinnamon gelato.  WOW!!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,6/8/2012,8,50,14,17,16>Last week, we took a chance and ordered takeout from here.  Normally, I'm against Chinese takeout because it arrives as a sodden, over-cooked mess.  This food was great.  We only ordered from the Chinese side, but what we got, we loved.  They made the connection that if you put steaming hot food in a closed container, it will keep cooking.  They must slightly under-cook it, so it arrives at your door correct. The veggies were still crisp and the noodles and rice distinguishable entities. We got Mu Shu Chicken, Pork Fried Rice, and Singaporean Noodles.  Nothing adventurous, but all solidly done. The Mu Shu even came with pancakes that didn't resemble tortillas (a serious problem in some places.  Note to some restaurateurs - I may be an Caucasian that is ignorant of the subtleties of Asian cooking, but I know what a tortilla tastes like!).  From an ecological standpoint, you could criticize their polypropylene containers.  But they're about as durable as Gladware and microwave and dishwasher safe, so go ahead an reuse them.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,6/7/2012,132,190,,3,1>Elmwood Bidwell is the best farmers market in Buffalo. They have amazing vendors from all around Buffalo (or just surrounding.) I love their rule that all vendors must produce what they sell as Meghan M. points out. It has to be grown or produced by the vendor. You can expect to find many different vendors including seasonal fruits and veggies, a sausage and smoked meats vendor- Avenue Boys Smokehouse (amazing!! try the smoked Polish sausage and I hear he also carries vegan options too for people who want a similar taste without the actual meat- genius!), a pasta guy, a milk/dairy guy (try the yogurts!), cheese, pasta, wine, breads, honey, salsas, sauces, and a few other meat and egg vendors. You'll often see people bring their whole families out to walk around Elmwood-Bidwell lawn. Dogs are welcome too! Even the SPCA comes out and has dogs and cats available for adoption- which I love! It's the perfect way to spend a Saturday  morning in Buffalo. Grab a coffee from Spot, walk around in the gorgeous weather and pick up some local goodies to take home and cook for you and your family. If you aren't a farmers market regular, you will be after visiting here. The quality is amazing and you've never had produce like this.I hear they also accept food stamps now for people who use them. They will convert your stamps into tokens that the vendors can accept as cash. Awesome!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,6/6/2012,15,30,1,11,6>Soccer. Calcio. Football. Buffalo's soccer underground is small, but as passionate as any group of fans you will ever meet. Global events like the World Cup have evoked yawnbombs from red-blooded Americans for generations. What about the dedicated fans? Where does someone in love with the game go to watch matches big and small with like minded individuals who get it? In the past we have had to settle for the odd TV set up at Cafe Aroma for the World Cup, or huddle around each other at a friend's house to watch the FA Cup. No more! We now have a pub dedicated to, and operated by, people obsessed with the beautiful game."But Jay, 'Mes Que' isn't even proper Spanish. Snort. Chuckle. What gives?"Sir, or Madame, listen and be educated. "Mes Que" is a wink and a nod to soccer fans, and is in fact a shortened version of FC Barcelona's club motto "More than a club", or in the Catalan language 'Mes Que un Club" - signifying the importance of the game, the team, and Catalan culture. The owners here are hard cores. Big time.I came here to watch Chelsea FC against FC Bayern Munchen last Saturday, and I have to say I'm very impressed with this pub. Even if you didn't give a damn about the game, you would have to admit this place is really, really nice. The ceiling, the lights, the wood of the bar - they all contribute to the feeling that you're in a nicer than average establishment. There are two flat screens behind the bar, and another flat screen or two on the opposite wall where the tables are located.I can't believe I'm going to do this, but I have to say the bathrooms here are really nice. WAAAAAYYY above average for a pub in Buffalo. Feels like a hotel in there.For the Champions League game they had a special menu of small pizzas. I tried two of them. The first had shaved ribeye, hot cherry peppers and provolone for $8. The second had chorizo, arugula pesto, roma tomatoes and manchego for $7. Personally I felt that the flavors were fine on both, with the chorizo pie being my favorite of the two, but if I'm going to nitpick something I'll say the dough was too chewy for my taste.The beer. It is a bar, and the beer does matter to me. Let's run it down:Draft-----------------------Staropramen-Franziskaner Dunkel-Hofbrau Original-Guinness-Smithwick's-FB Rusty Chain-Okocim-Fuller's ESBBottles (Just some highlights)-----------------------PBR, Corona, Bud, Bud Light, Coors Light (!!!!!), Blue Blue Light, Yuengling, et cetera, for people with poor taste-Lindemans (which one, I have no idea, I don't ever order it)-Leffe (again, don't know which one, I stay away from InBev)-Ommegang Hennepin, Rare Vos and Witte (YES!!)-European favorites Carlsberg, Boddington, Peroni, Kronenbourg)-Estrella Daura, Strongbow Cider, and Magners Irish Cider if you are gluten-free-Orval (serious thumbs up to this choice)-Sam Adams Boston Lager-Southern Tier Phin and Matt's....and many more.There is something for everyone on the beer list, from beer noob to beer snob. But what about the atmosphere??? That's why soccer fans come to a place like this. The bar was packed, an INTERNATIONAL crowd that you will typically only find at a soccer bar. Great vibe for the game. Everyone was into it. Awesome!!Thank you for humoring this filibuster. Mes Que is a fantastic addition to a Hertel Avenue which is, in my opinion, getting better all the time. If you have even a passing interest in the beautiful game, or if you just want a good beer at a chill bar, I can't recommend this place enough.Owners of Mes Que, thank you for giving us football nuts a place to congregate!!!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2012,6/5/2012,50,67,1,8,4>Type of Restaurant: Pakistani & Indian based cuisinesAuthenticity: Appropriately Americanized or modified to suit the local needs.Authentic cuisines in menu: The meat based dishes, Biryaani & Kabobs are natives favorite and the core of this restaurant is around it. But these are modified that is suited to American pallet. Dosa, Idly & sambar varieties didn't come close to their field of expertise and cannot be reviewed upon that.Buffet picks and difference between Indian version and Americanized version:1) Chana Masala: Original version is actually brown in gravy and has a tangy flavor. This one is cooked in more tomatoes to mellow it down. It tastes good but not authentic. 2) Chicken Tandoori: Originally its marinated in a spicy yogurt base with lemon zing & cooked in clay oven. This one is a bit bland and dry.3) Chicken Makhani: Also called Butter chicken is traditionally cooked with lots of butter in fresh pureed tomato + garam masala base, finished with fresh cream. This one has good soft cooked chicken chunks but the gravy misses the authentic flavors. Tastes good and goes with naan better.4) Goat Korma: Original version is made with tomatoes +coconut + cashews puree with spices then finished with cream. This one has mellowed down with lots of yogurt. Tastes good, Meat is cooked tender & can be eaten with white rice or Naan.5) Kheer : This sweet rice pudding can be a first timers favorite. But not close to the original version at all. 6) Glaubjamun : Sweet dumplings in rose syrup here actually tastes good .7) Marinated onions: They still retain lot of rawness in them and didn't have enough vinegar to it. This is traditionally eaten along with any meat to help the digestion. But if you don't want the onion mouth , then you might want to skip this.8) Samosas: This one really was definitely not close to the taste of an actual samosa except the cover. I like that its bite sized but filling matters too. 9) Papdi chaat: Originally its very different thing than the one served here. Here it's a mix of chick peas & potatoes, flour crisps(papdi) with tamarind sauce,  makes it likable due to the tamarind sauce. 10) White Basmati rice: This can be mixed with any curry. Other paneer & veg dishes are similarly modified but overall the taste has much closer match to the American pallet. If you are an authentic Indian food lover and looking for the Indian homemade food then this place doesn't get close. But if you are just satisfying the Indian appetite then you can explore more here. Buffet is always a good way to get to know the taste and flavors of all types of dishes. Though buffet is only limited to the above mentioned dishes on weeknight (Wednesday), weekends buffet might have different choices too. Naan & masala tea (chai) is brought to table as per their website, but the server never mentioned about tea neither did we know beforehand. For takeouts: If you are not a rice fan then you can make a gyro version wrap using Naan & jalfrezi dish. For the sauce you can add some raita. For rice fans, Biryaani would be a better option. Indian curry dishes needs an accompaniment of Rice or bread thus excess of gravy & less of meat chunks are meant for that purpose to proportionate your diet in right amount of carbs, proteins.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,6/4/2012,69,200,,5,4>With many acres to explore, Forest Lawn is a great place to go relax, discover history, watch wild life at its finest and visit passed loved ones. I personally go running through here and there's always a buck that comes up and trots behind me, most people call him speedy because I have heard he's done this before to people.The same buck every year protects a goose and her eggs and will protect them until they hatch and can move off on their own, it's quite a spectacular event to witness.A lot of inventors, writers, and other famous folks are buried here, and can find them just running around looking at things. If you're looking for one of the most peaceful spots in Buffalo that has rich history to it as well, I wouldn't pass this opportunity up.PS: They also have tours and events throughout the year, check it out you will be pleasantly surprised!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,6/3/2012,51,88,1,18,4>Outside the cafe, An older gentlemen is writing the title of the ONE movie they are showing, while listening to his grandson chat with him. He opens the door to the entryway hall and invites me politely inside. I am there early - and wander looking at the walls of pictures of private events that look (appropriately) a bit outdated, but fun and unique.When I walk in, jazz music is playing in a room cluttered with tables and chairs and some fun looking red pleather(?) couches. There is a concession stand stocked with - besides the usual movie theater fair - wine, beer, hot chocolate, and coffee as well as some specialty drinks, which I can't really comment on since I stuck to a bottle of water this time. I love that it's available though, it just adds to the uniqueness of the Screening Room experience.Basically, at this point - I know whatever happens next I have fully romanticized this place and fallen in loveThe cluttered room does not serve to be a problem for my friend who happens to use a wheelchair - the staff quickly asks us for our table preference and moves a couple of chairs out of the way.When the movie starts the cafe is silent other then a few snacks being munched and movie reactions. The crowd here is, like the movie selection, made for true film lovers. We are all there to really SEE this movie.The movies they show at this theater are classics (they are doing a Hitchcock series now) and new movies you will most likely not see anywhere else.I was in heaven!The only downside to the Screening room, for me - is the location. Arriving at Northtown plaza on a Tuesday night, looking for a rather non-descript building amongst closed retail super centers was a bit tough. I wish they were in a location easier to reach for an urban-dweller. However, it is definitely worth the trek at least once in awhile for a great movie experience... I just hope the suburbanites around the area appreciate having this theater in their neighborhood as much as I would!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,6/2/2012,64,70,5,5,4>I travel a lot for work and when people hear that I am from Buffalo they say "Oh, so where's the best place in Buffalo to go for wings?"  Going to the Anchor Bar for wings in Buffalo is cool -- if you're an Asian Toronto tourist with a camcorder and you want to take a picture of your wings.  I always tell people -- Gabriel's Gate on Allen Street has the best wings in Buffalo.  No doubt, hands down, survey says -- Gabriel's Gate.  Toss me a cold Yuengling and some wings and I am a happy camper.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,6/1/2012,32,67,1,3,3>After hearing people rave about this on Facebook and other social media outlets, I stopped in for lunch this week with my SO. For myself, I ordered a build your own burger with cheese, tomato, lettuce, and lots and lots of pickles. My SO selected the Greek burger which comes with feta cheese, red peppers, lettuce and hummus. We also ordered a side of shoestring fries to split. When our order arrived, we were pleasantly surprised! The burgers arrived piping hot, juicy, and absolutely delicious. We both cleared our plates! The fries were also very good. They were your typical shoestring fries, but not covered in grease as they sometimes are in other restaurants. Our waitress was also exceptional. We arrived at lunch time and as soon as we walked in the door, she welcomed us and offered us to select the table of our choice. The wait time between placing our order and receiving our food was excellent for the lunch time crowd who need to get back to the office. The restaurant is clean and inviting, and there is also a television that is viewable by many tables, if one wishes to catch up on the news or sports talk of the day. Which we did. :)Overall, a great experience and a new lunch or dinner time option that I am eager to share with others!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,5/31/2012,21,107,14,8,5>I once had a boyfriend break up with me because I didn't put the cheese away. We'd been together like, 4 years. He didn't understand, I wasn't done with it. But truth be told, I'm never done with it. There is nothing in the shop that I wouldn't eat or drink. Nothing. The abundance of delicious is stunning. I am so excited there was speck and pancetta and raw milk cheese, and a sandwich with fig spread and arugula, the best BLT my bacon loving daughter has ever eaten, and French lemonade and Italian soda, and relishes and spreads, and salty chocolate, and sweet kids running the mac book register who also solemnly deliver cheese samples to the customer. (Me. Couldn't decide which raw milk cheese to get. French or English? Living on the edge!) Something else I love is that they label each cheese with a picture of a goat, a cow or a sheep or both so that you don't have to guess what kind it is. You can skip right to better questions. The selection is profound. When I moved to Buffalo almost two years ago I thought I was going to have to become a cheese monger to get what I missed and wanted. So incredibly happy Nickel City Cheese is here, and I have a husband who understands my cheesy ways.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,5/30/2012,69,70,2,8,3>This restaurant advertises Authentic German Cuisine and has a German flag hanging outside. They only serve dinner and are closed during the daytime. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by a waitress who sounded like she was F.O.B. from Germany. She seated us right away. The interior design of the resturant is complete with all sorts of  German nick nacks displayed on the walls. It has a cozy-home feeling. The menu was an interesting read, but all the veggies and meats used are listed if you don't know what the German title of the meal means.We started off with the Potato Pancake appetizer with sour cream (other option: applesauce). They served us 3 potato pancakes... I wish they could have given us a bunch more for the $5.80 price. Sorry guys, maybe I just too cheap hahaha. Personally I think this place is kinda pricey, but I guess they need the money for their new business. Anyways, the food here is DELICIOUS!! I ordered the Paprika Schnitzel and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu with spaetzle instead of the french fries. Spaetzle, for those who don't know, is German pasta that looks like (to me) like scrambled eggs.. hahaha. It's pretty good though! Our orders also came with a German salad.  The salad is an interesting mix of 3 salads: lettuce & croutons, macaroni & corn, and potato salad. It was funny to have all the flavors in one bowl, but it was yummy! When our food came out, it smelled and looked scrumptious! The waitress made me feel like I was in Germany with her German accent. Ohh, also, all the waiters speak German here and the cook is straight out of Germany! My Paprika Schnitzel was very tasty. The flavor of the peppers had combined with the sauce and made the pork taste amazing! The Chicken Cordon Bleu was also very tasty. My boyfriend however, still favors his aunt's recipe because he grew up with that one. Nothing is better than homemade meals anyway.I wanted to get dessert, but I was definitely too full to eat anymore. I will be coming back here at some point. Dishes range from $11 - 20, so expect your dinner to be a bit pricey, but amazingly delicious!!!! I'll post up the photos of our food. =] You should definately try put this place if you enjoy trying new things, getting exposed to different cultures, and enjoy some German food or perhaps some German beer? lol
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,5/29/2012,13,63,,1,3>hands down, my favorite place for a night of debauchery.  nothing good can come of a night that ends at this place, and i LOVE that.old and thoroughly worn, this dive is an institution full of local character and life.  the music is never pretentious and neither are the bartenders or patrons.  whether its quiet or brimming, this is the best place to take a time out from life...if you're lucky, you'll catch an opportunity for some of the best fresh cooked steak and chicken sandwiches to come off a grill in all of wny...
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,5/28/2012,104,79,3,8,9>Nietzsche's wins for its non-pretentious atmosphere. I feel like this is how Allentown is meant to be. Local musicians, poets, artists and eccentrics. I've been to many shows here over the years and it's never obnoxious. Just a good crowd having a good time. The decor is kinda scary with the lights on and it's rumored to be haunted, but it's all part of the charm.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,5/27/2012,3,7,2,2,2>Hands down my favorite place to eat on Hertel. I've sampled most of the menu and it's all delicious. The pasta is great, the paninis are HUGE but IMO their pizzas are the best thing on the menu. I'd even go as far to say its the best pizza I've had in Buffalo. The staff is always very friendly & attentive. I've been here numerous times and have yet to have any form of bad experience with the service. The atmosphere is very inviting, exactly what  I'd picture an Italian cafe to be like had I never set foot in one. Its a good place to make a good impression on a date without looking like you're trying too hard. (Or so I've heard...)  During the summer months the outdoor patio is a great place to eat and take in the activity up and down Hertel. I'd definitely recommend Romeo& Juliet's to anyone looking for a good meal in north Buffalo.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,5/26/2012,11,59,2,6,2>Gordon's - what can I say.  For me a place like Gordon's exhibits everything great about Buffalo at its most fundamental, no frills and honest. It's been my crew's version of Cheers for years now. Come as you are.I love this bar.  I'm the type of guy who spends a lot of money at places like Cole's and Hardware for the beer selection but I could never abandon Gordon's. Why?1) The people.  The motto is no joke - the staff here will show you why we are known as the City of Good Neighbors.  Truly genuine, hard working, friendly people own and run this joint.  The owners are sports fans and thus sports memorabilia is everywhere and live games are on the TV on a regular basis.  The customers come from every walk of life and every age.2) The food.  I whisper to my brother every time I come to Gordon's that their wings are as good as any place I've ever had them.  He and my friends tend to agree. A lot of people think their local bar has the best wings but usually it is BS - I'd put up the wings against any other place in the city, including those two famous ones people always compare.  It's bar food, not filet, but it's fresh and awesome.3) Gordon's is comfy.  The atmosphere in the place is out of your dad or grandpa's memory, except occasionally you will hear the Dropkick Murphys.  It's a classic neighborhood bar that people all over Erie County come to visit.  For once in a Yelp review I'm struggling to convey the feeling into words... the Japanese use the word "umami" to describe an overarching deliciousness in food.  There's an overarching warmth and friendliness to the place that keeps me going back - and I know a lot of other people must feel the same way.4) Affordability. Gordon's is a cheap drop - totally fair.  There are regular drink specials and on occasion they come up with something fun.  Remember Little Hugs?  Yeah.  Imagine a cocktail involving Little Hugs.  I don't care who you are - that's fun.Gordon's can be found on Delaware, just south of Hertel, across the street from Tim Horton's.  Big dark awning with "Gordon's" written on it. There is a very small lot behind the bar - most people park on the street, or even across the street in the Tim's lot. There is a small patio area outside for you to enjoy.I'll never forget the classic feeling of opening Gordon's doors during one of our famously brutal winter nights, then getting hit with that stovepipe warmth and a friendly hello from the bar.  No matter where I end up in life I'll always be looking for a place like this to hide out!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,5/25/2012,19,63,1,4,2>The Albright-Knox Art Gallery is a must-see for visitors of Buffalo, and Buffalo residents alike.  With a nice permanent collection, and a smart rotation of newer pieces, there is something for everyone.  If you're curious about the Albright-Knox, check it out for free on Friday's from 3-10 p.m (called Gusto at the Gallery).  You won't be able to see all of the exhibits, but you will get to see a good portion of the gallery's permanent collection, as well as having access to some workshops surrounding the theme of that week's Gusto.  From what I can tell, they offer free workshops that cater to both adults and children.If you do enjoy the museum, definitely check it out and pay the admission to get in.  The collection at the Albright-Knox is extensive and very well put together.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,5/24/2012,20,9,,4,4>Your friendly neighborhood record store!Owned/operated by an extremely friendly guy, who's always there putting on great albums and chatting about local music or new releases with customers.  The polar opposite of a pushy sell: you won't find a friendlier record store guy. I live around the corner and stop by once a week.  I'll often pickup a new record.  It's always a great time.His bins can be full of positive surprises and he keeps everything very well curated and cost-affordable.  I've bought a load of used stuff and it's always been in quality playing condition.  He frequently gets in new used (often old basement collections, etc.) and I've found some amazing deals in his unsorted "Just In": including a recent grab of a near perfect White Album for much less than I would have paid elsewhere.It's become my neighborhood shop.  Spiral Scratch (for records) and Rust Belt Books (for books) are my go-to's: it's wonderful to have these friendly shops in the neighborhood, both with very good collections.If you were into collecting punk/hardcore 7 inches and rare finds, it'd especially be the place for you.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,5/23/2012,126,349,2,5,3>We love this place! This is definitely ideal for groups - I would recommend parties in multiples of 4 or 6 - and then order the feast! The Ultimate feast easily serves 3-4 people, especially if you started with an app.I'll admit I've had better tasting seafood, but this place is so reasonable for the amount of food you get, it's worth it. And bring your own wine/beer? Yes please!They make their own salad dressing which is delish, we've started mixing the two dressings together - just ask. It's better than you'd think, really.You don't need to park 2 blocks away if you're comfortable parking in the "lot" across the street, and after a few visits we've never had a problem. The service isn't slow or anything, but give yourself the time to enjoy this place and make an evening out of it. You won't regret it!****CASH ONLY!!**** They have an ATM but save yourself the trouble and bring cash with!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,5/22/2012,26,4,1,4,5>Cute interior. I'd come hang out here. Wonderful light streaming through the windows, lighting up the warmth of the wood. They have crepes!! After visiting the late night creperies in Washington DC earlier this year, I was thoroughly excited to find out that we have a reliable source for crepes in the Queen City (we'll have to convince them to stay open late. I'd totally give up Jim's and ETS in a heartbeat for post-bar crepes). The crepes here are delicious. Coffee is also unexpectedly good (I know, it's a coffee house and all, but still). More visits in store.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,5/21/2012,36,5,5,9,6>Driving through West Seneca, the urban meets the suburban, the town has seen better days for sure, but there is one beacon of hope that keeps the past alive: the neon sign of Schwabl's. This is not a "happening" spot to head on a friday night, but its packed. It's your grandparents favorite restaurant, and all of their friends. It's their favorite because they know what the heck they are talking about and Schwabl's reminds them of a better time, a more civilized time. A time where everyone dressed up a bit to go to dinner. A time where every meal game with a garnish of pickled beets. (That isn't actually true but nearly every meal at Schwabl's comes with a beet slice)The waitresses wear white uniforms, top to bottom. They will call you hun. They'll remember your name if you stop in a few times. The barmen wears a white coat, as does his meat slicing counterpart. These are the men to know. If you'd like a honest to goodness manhatten or old fashioned this is the place to go. They don't have fancy glasses like the new trendy spots reviving these delicious libations, but who cares? The man slicing paper thin ribbons off huge roasts is doing it to order. You will get whatever amount of pink you want. They also do turkey. A bit more about this man: his name is John. Buy him a drink. Schwabl's beef on weck is legendary. But they actually have other things on the menu. Like fish frys year round. Haddock or pike. My other favorite: Hungarian Goulash. Its only served on Saturdays but it is worth it! Dense gooey dumplings with spicy red sauce and falling apart tender hunks of meat. Amazing! Visit Schwabl's. Take your parents, take your grandparents. Get a bit dressed up and make an tradition of it.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,5/20/2012,6,22,2,2,3>It may be called "lone" star but it deserves all five.Don't judge a book by its cover is the lesson with Lone Star. The place is a dilapidated hole in the wall with porch furniture to sit on, but the fajitas are the best I've had outside of Texas. This is the real deal!The pros are the awesome food and the unbelievably cheap prices ($2.90 for a steak soft taco that is so filling I can't ever finish two.) The salsa and pico de gallo are made fresh in house and are delicious. There are a few cons, but they can be overcome by planning ahead. This is a cash only restaurant, which is annoying in the 21st century. (But I think there's a good chance they'll take Confederate currency if you have any laying around.) In the winter, it is as cold as a refrigerator in there-- take a sweater. And they are chronically out of ice for the pop machine, but will get more if you ask. These cons can all be dealt with in exchange for great-tasting, cheap food.A huge con that I personally struggle with, but has nothing to do with the food, is the country music blaring on the stereo (I still have some tune about a needing a fiddle in a band stuck in my head). The place doesn't seem to be the type to take requests, so it simply must be endured.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,5/19/2012,2,11,5,9,5>I have been going to New Age Salon since 2009. After a particularly bad haircut and dye job from another local salon, I was letting my hair grow back in and debating where to go for my future hair needs. While out on the town, I met Amanda, the owner of New Age, who insisted that I make an appointment with her immediately. I made one the next day and have never looked back.Amanda is a master with hair! When I first started seeing her, I had a blonde pixie. As a blonde, my hair was never broken or looked dry because Amanda always made the best choices for how much lighter I could go, or whether I should just do highlights. I got compliments constantly on the cut and got in the habit of keeping Amanda's card in my wallet to give to people. My hair has gotten longer over the years, and I have never had a bad cut. Not even one that I only kind of liked. I have always left the salon feeling absolutely gorgeous. I get so bored with my hair color, and Amanda always picks something that reinvigorates me and is gorgeous. At this point, I usually just let Amanda make most of the choices in terms of color and cut because she always seems to know exactly what I need to perk my hair up.All the other stylists are amazing too! I had an emergency cut (too much wine and the idea that my bangs were too long) with Kristin, and my hair was beautiful. They stock Bumble and Bumble and Davines products and I have become addicted to both. The stylists often make recommendations about products, but they are never pushy, and you don't feel obligated to purchase anything. One thing to note: they only accept gratuities in cash! Make sure to remember to stop at the atm before your appointment!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,5/18/2012,13,70,,2,3>Went there for dessert after an average dinner @ Papaya; glad we did.  Friend reminded me that we had eaten dinner here way back when they first opened - I remember it being really good, so not sure why I haven't been back.  After perusing the dinner menu, I'd like to go back & try some things out - plus they do free manicures if you buy a martini on Mondays!I opted for a cappuccino (yum!) and the Peanut Butter Mud: "Creamy milk chocolate and buttery caramel with sweet and salty peanut crunch all layered twice over a brownie cake base."  Incredible - the caramel & salty peanut crunch make this special.  Very rich, obviously.  ooooh, and it came with a mini eclair,  dark chocolate "straw" and whiped cream in the side - nice surprise! Companions had a Mocha Crepe (with bananas, strawberries, cappuccino ice cream & whipped cream), Triple Chocolate Mousse, and homemade ice cream.  Everyone was VERY happy with their choice.Most desserts are around $6-7.  Coffee is $2, cappuccino/espresson more like $4.  Some may think this is a little pricey, but I'd rather pay a an extra dollar ot two for a real homemade dessert than have something from a restaurant that might be storebought/from the freezer.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2007,5/17/2012,24,64,2,4,4>This is a Kenmore landmark.I lived directly across the busy street from this ice cream and candy shop. This place was  built in the early 70's, replacing a local bakery and butcher shop. As a little kid. I used to go to these shops daily for bread and meat. We could  talk to the butcher and baker one-on-one. ( we also had a milk man...folks, I'm 47, however, not 100 yrs old)When Condrell's came around, they brought a "mod" hip stucco design to the neighborhood. It  sucked then ..now it looks retro 70's cool and part of the old-school.But they have homemade Ice cream..fancy for Kenmore. They have the school rival ice cream dishes..a Kenmore east sundae, and a Kenmore West one..Blue devil sundae.etc...The best hot fudge on the planet. My sister worked there when she was 16-19..she loved the owners and staff.My Mom used to get 3 large hot fudge sundaes for us  all, pick them up, watch a scary "1950-60" movie while we chewed through cold..super dark hot-fudge, fresh whipped cream and home-maid ice cream.Sometime, the ice cream has small amounts of ice in the mix..-1 point. And no public restrooms...The chocolate is expensive by Buffalo standards but cheap everywhere else..nice selection. The Sponge Candy is the best I ever Had....Semi dark Chocolate wrapping a almost heavenly light amber airy cube of yummy crunchy heaven.Otherwise..Go Here..Get a sundae before is place is another memory, replaced by a cell phone joint
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,5/16/2012,28,88,7,5,4>As a native of Rochester, NY I have been going to Wegmans since I was a fetus.  When I was a wee little girl shopping along side my mother, I was lured in by their Cookie Club.  (a free cookie of the child's choosing when they would stop by the bakery.  I usually went for a chewy chocolate chip.)  I have been a die-hard fan ever since.  Wegmans built their empire on superb customer service.  Give the customers what they want and remember that they are always right.  You are nothing without your patrons!  They can be a little pricey on some items, yes, but their house brand products more than make up for it.  In some instances, they're better! Their fresh departments make me want to sing!  (produce, bakery/patisserie, deli, meat, prepared foods) When I'm craving sushi, in a pinch I'll stop by Wegmans.  I love their tuna tataki bowl. The only negative comment I have about some of their smaller stores (usually the ones inside city-limits Eg: Amherst St. in Buffalo) is that they try to cram in all of the products/departments they carry in their biggest stores, which leads to some serious shopping cart gridlock and major frustration when you're getting out of work and just want to grab a couple things and go home.  Other than that--I will sing Wegmans praises until I die.  For those of you who live within driving distance of one and know others who pine for the sights and smells....send them a Weggie's care package!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,5/15/2012,9,33,4,7,5>The best part about this hole in the wall gem is the ambiance. You walk into this west side bodega full of Asian delights- aloe vera drinks, spices, rice, grass water... the list goes on and on. The man at the front with his thick accent pointed us to the back of the store where all the magic happens. It is tiny, 6 tables or so and pictures of the dishes all over the wall. Groups of down-to-earth patrons share the very intimate space with you. No privacy here. I think the only thing that would make the table situation better was if they had one huge family style table where everyone sat together. The service is great. They are so appreciative that you came to try their new food market when you could have gone a million other places. The food comes out very fast. Fast without suffering and without feeling like you are eating fast food. We started with Spring rolls, a Thai favorite. The cultures are so intermingled that I felt it was not insulting to order a Thai dish at a Burmese joint. We also had the Burmese Chicken Curry with Prata. This bread is so good. Made with coconut milk and that flavor really pops. This is the wonderful bridge between Indian and Thai food. Heaven in a dish. We then proceeded with the Tea Leaf Salad. Very good, very nutty. Our entree's were the Kya Zan Jyaw- very similar to Pad Thai but the noodles were little tiny rice noodles. Very good, and much better than Pad Thai. Then we had a soup, the Own No Kokswar. This was not my favorite dish. It was my boyfriends favorite dish tho. Think chicken noodle soup made with coconut milk and egg noodles. This place is wonderful. If you are needed to get away from Buffalo and need a little Asian culture, this will do if all you have for a mini getaway is 2 hours! I cannot wait to go back and try other Burmese dishes. Oh- stick with the culture and order Burmese!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,5/14/2012,119,125,2,3,2>I heartily agree with Mickie W. and Lexa O. I'm overdue for a return trip to the Mill. I recommend stopping by the Marlboro Inn (same parking lot, same side o' the tracks) for a drink and on order of fries before hitting the Mill. You can look for hours and the prices are great. Looking for 60s, 70s or 80s toy "collectibles," such as a Fred Flintstone on a skateboard? Fred will cost you only a few dollars. I use collectibles in quotes because not everyone may share my love of a Ren & Stimpy figurine (for less than a dollar). You'll find Barbie dolls, new candles, records, magazines... Lexa O. has described the variety of merchandise well so I'll stop here. Go there. It will certainly be fun. There used to a snack bar in the Mill and I wish it would be revived. Great place to get a salad, soup, sandwich or coffee to keep your energy up.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,5/13/2012,31,39,4,4,3>Ever wonder why your lady has a monthly "I WANT CHOCOLATE" phase? No it's not because of that! It's because they've been to Muscoreil's! As soon as you walk in the drooling begins. The desserts are beautifully displayed and I guarantee you will have a hard time deciding what you want. Let me help you... look slightly to the left...a little lower... ah there it is - the BEST tiramisu you will ever eat in your life. In fact most of their desserts will have that effect on you. You don't have to wait for the Italian Festival to get your Cannoli's - they have homemade ones here and they are delish! The cakes that I've seen in the display cases look really nice - elegant and modern. The desserts can be a little on the pricey side - but this isn't that Hershey's pie you buy in the freezer section at your local grocery store. If you want to make an impression at a dinner party and you're in charge of desserts (for those of us who have a bit fat FAIL under the baking section) give Muscoreil's a try. It's worth the trip to the 'burbs. Note : They are also a bistro - serving breakfast, lunch and dinner - but who can make it past the bakery?????
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,5/12/2012,1092,741,9,10,6>I put a tiny ape-like creature on my roof, and now I get a perfect signal on my Television! I call him my "Imp Arial". OK, that was bad. How about, The Little Mermaid is dating a tiny ape-like creature? Imp/Arial? No? Doesn't quite have the same ring to it as Brangelina? Tomkat? They're getting divorced maybe? OK, never mind. On with the show.So I finally went back and tried the wings here, and oh my goodness, they are so good! They are almost as good as my favourite in town (Zip's), and are straight in at #2 on the charts of my favourite wings in Buffalo. Absolutely magnificent.Make sure you ask for them to be really, really saucy. I get them medium, and medium is pretty saucy. The sauce is more peppery than a lot of other places, but is really thick and buttery and absolutely heavenly. I'll be trying their Char BQ wings next time. Mmm-mm.But of course the main attraction is the Pizza. This is tied for the greatest Pizza I have ever tried... my 4 favourite Pizzas ever are all in Buffalo New York, for some reason, and this is right up there. (Yes I have been to Italy, so shhh.)Imperial Pizza is not typical Buffalo pizza. It is heavier, fluffier, and it's a lot more about the dough than a lot of Buffalo Pizzerias. The dough is fluffy and soft and melty and phenomenalistic. Which is not a word. But oh well. It's different, but as good as Wise Guys on Hertel, and it's well worth a trip to South Buffalo-West Seneca to get yourself a few slices!What is it with Pizza in Buffalo? It is simply the best I've ever tasted and there are probably 200 good options. I recommend the big 8 (my personal faves), which are Bozanna's (Clarence), Avenue (Broadway & Bailey, East Buffalo), Bob's Poplar (Cheektowaga), Blasdell (southtowns), Imperial (South Buffalo), Zip's (North Buffalo), Francos (Eggert location in Amherst), and Yogi's (Akron). The last one is more Brick-Oven style than typical Buffalo style. All 8 slices are pure heaven and must not be missed under any circumstances. I can't say it enough - if you're just trying a slice, make sure the Pizza is either straight out of the oven piping hot, or reheated in the oven. Chicago Pizza is amazing, and NYC Pizza is special, but Buffalo, for me, beats them both. Please don't talk to me about STL Pizza or Cali Pizza (ew). Buffalo Pizza is fluffier, doughier, cheesier, saucier, and pepperonier than anything you've ever had. If Chicago is a crusty pie and NYC is a huge flat slice, then Buffalo is quintessential Pizza.  It's just so good. They also do excellent Buffalo Chicken Pizza and Steak Pizzas here in Buffalo. Dreamy. I will stand under oath and swear that Buffalo Pizza is the best in the land. Please don't ever order Pizza from Domino's, Papa John's, Pizza Hut et al. Those major corporations don't need a penny of your money, and they are bland cookie cutter chains that spend all their money on advertising. Please frequent your locally owned Pizza shops. They need it more, they're real local people, and the food is almost always wildly superior, anyway.This place has a lot of romantic memories for me because when I used to perform at Caz Cafe for my hometown Buffalo shows, I'd almost always go down to Imperial afterwards. In fact it was some of my fans/friends from these concerts that originally told me about this place as being the best in the area, and my my, they were right! Imperial closes at around 11pm. You will absolutely love it!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,5/11/2012,12,111,2,9,3>Sinful...or delightful?I was able to attend a preview of this new nightclub venue.  Yep, there was your usual thump thump music and, of course a fully stocked bar.  What sets this place apart?  Let's see...first there are the floors.  Most of the floors are the typical coated concrete that one would expect.  Thanks to co-owner and dance phenom, Tommy Radon, much of the floor, including the main dance floor, is hard-wood.  For those who are serious about their dancing, there is nothing like a wooden floor.Then there are the windows.  Unusual in the nightclub scene, there are windows all around you which provides a nice open feeling rather than the usual claustrophobic atmosphere one usually encounters.Needless to say, I will be checking this place out again once the doors open officially!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,5/10/2012,136,280,2,5,4>Culinary creativity at its finest.  The innovative chef has created some of the most unique and delicious dishes in Buffalo.  You'll know exactly what I'm talking about when you try the "Beef on Weck Roll." If that doesn't sound appealing to you ... I don't care!! Order it anyway!!! You simply have to experience it.   There is no fish in this roll so it won't offend those who aren't fans of sushi.In addition to the great food, unique menu and excellent bar, Seabar has one of the best atmospheres in Buffalo.  While still retaining the welcoming and warm feeling associated with almost any Buffalo establishment, Seabar has interior touches reminiscent of the "big city."This is the type of restaurant where words cannot do justice.  Trust me: walk in, check out the vibes and order the Beef on Weck Roll.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,5/9/2012,82,198,1,5,7>This is my favorite diner and breakfast joint in town (and within walking distance from my house). The name - Emily's is named after an "Americanization" of Amelia, the name of the owner's mom. Amelia lives upstairs and occasionally comes down to visit. The owners - Sam and his wife Jocelyn, who also live upstairs, have owned this humble diner on the corner of Tonawanda and Hertel in Black Rock for 17+ years. Sam is the lone cook, Jocelyn the lone waitress. They are super friendly, always remember a regular, and they do it your way (Burger King, eat your heart out) - they are happy to substitute items, cook things to order, etc. The vibe - This is a simple, small town looking diner. The building is very well taken care of, inside and out, and Sam is constantly making improvements. Pale yellow walls, a few photos of the owners' homeland (Lebanon) and cool vintage booths set the scene. It's not hip, but its not "divey" either. There is nothing run-down about the place and its always clean. They even have a nice bar (non-alcoholic) with stools, to give you that downhome diner feel. The food - Superb. Some of the best tasting casual grub in town. Sam uses real eggs (though he may offer substitutes for those with health issues), high quality bacon & sausage, and excellent coffee (which he claims a low profit margin from because he refuses to use inferior brands) in his large breakfasts. His three egg omeletes are gigantic, loaded to capacity with cheese and the filling of your choice and always more than I can eat. His pancakes are huge and fluffy, his french toast (though not a gourmet or house-made bread) is eggy-coated deliciousness - always perfect flavor and texture. He unquestionably has the best corned beef and hash and potato pancakes I've ever tasted. His soups and clam chowder are all homemade, as are a lot of his dishes. His greek potatoes and souvlaki are to die for (seriously, every other Greek diner in town is shamed by this man's awesomeness). He also has a rotating board of specials that feature items like stuffed zucchini or peppers, goulash, roasted half chicken, lamb shank, ham off the bone, etc. His motto, if I may speak for him, is that if he won't eat it he won't serve it. This is a man who takes serious pride in his food and strives to truly make the customer happy. Prices - Low. Not bottom of the barrel but that's because he does choose his ingredients wisely. Considerably cheaper than any chain breakfast joint and the vast majority of local diners. Parking - There is a public lot right across Hertel that can be accessed from Heterl or Tonawanda. Area - Yes, this is in Black Rock. No, its not scary. There are actually some pretty nice buildings on the opposite corners. Tonawanda is a little funky further down, but I walk this area constantly and never have a problem. Don't blame working class people for not making their houses look like Amherst and don't let the occasional slumlord house color your perception of the whole 'hood.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,5/8/2012,23,4,4,6,3>My butcher.  The Meating place is an actual, honest to goodness butcher shop.  Want a steak cut to order?  No problem.  Want your chicken quartered for no cost?  Sure.  Want them to cut up some beef bones to distract your dog next time you have a party?  They'll fire up the saw.  Ask for a chuck roast & they'll ask if you're making a pot roast and let you know their favorite recipe.  They'll do it all with a smile and they'll be genuinely happy to see you the next time you walk in.They do have a lot of non-fresh-meat stuff but I tend to ignore it.  But if you're looking for frozen pies or something you can get them here too.  But meat!  Lets talk about meat!  Beef and pork and chicken and goat!  Good prices, good quality meat (sadly you aren't going to find organic/sustainably raised here, but I find it to be much tastier than whats offered at Wegmans or Tops).   They seem to be making an effort to draw in the area's migrant/refugee community, offering goat & other meats that I wouldn't have expected to see hear just a few years ago.   The bad: lines.  The place gets crowded - I'm fine with that - its a fun atmosphere.  But the lines sometimes drive me nuts.  They've got one register & it doesn't always move quickly.  Try to avoid weekends & it shouldn't be too bad.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,5/7/2012,22,41,1,5,2>I love this place and its owner. I don't go anywhere else to get my shoes fixed anymore. Heel stopper wear off? Leather shoes need a good stretch to break 'em in? He'll do it -- and for a reasonable price.I recently received a beautiful pair of sandals as a gift and they were not staying on my feet properly. I got the idea to have him add an extra hole to the ankle strap and sure enough, he did it. I brought them in to drop off, and he said, "Is that all you need?", grabbed the handy dandy shoe hole punch, measured, punched, and handed them back with a smile! Great service on the spot. He's the cutest!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,5/6/2012,26,72,2,4,3>Decided to try Sophia's after reading all the rave reviews on Yelp. There was a bit of a wait on Sunday morning, but the line moved quickly, and we were seated within 10 minutes of arriving. We all stuck to breakfast diner classics. The Greek omelet was delicious, stuffed with feta cheese and flavorful veggies, and the home fries were actually crispy, none of that soggy potato business you get at other breakfast joints. The homemade bread is dynamite, don't leave without trying it! Sophia herself sat down to take our order, and kept walking around checking in on tables and greeting her regulars. Sophia's is a  welcoming, family-run establishment.  The atmosphere is fun, and the food is fantastic! I will definitely be back to try the fluffy pancakes our neighbors were digging into.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/5/2012,10,28,3,14,10>Went there the other night after a friend recommended it. I'm a bit gun shy about these cupcakeries because some seem like they just say, "Hey...  why don't we just start a business making cupcakes! Easy, right??" And then the cupcakes are pricey and mediocre. Well this is not that place! The cupcakes here were moist and delicious!! We tried the a peanut butter/coconut/chocolate combo and a vanilla raspberry. Both were delicious!! The PB/coconut one was my favorite. So moist and full of flavor. The frosting was to die for. The store, which is recently remodeled, looks beautiful. The smell when you walk in is heavenly. If you are in East Aurora it is definitely worth checking out!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,5/4/2012,69,317,1,6,2>I was SO impressed with this place.  It is so cute inside and the service was wonderful.  Food was phenomenal - both taste and presentation.  I posted a picture of my mom's seared scallops that came out on the shells.  Be sure to take a look!  We started off with some warm crusty kalamata bread loaf with an Italian dipping oil.   When the bread is that great - your expectations are high.  Next we had the lobster gnocchi as an appetizer - omg - so good.  I could have gotten that as my meal and been happy.  For the meal, I got the seafood ravioli.  It was just one large ravioli stuffed with lobster, scallops, and shrimp in a white cream sauce.  Mmmm My dad got the salmon wellington and enjoyed it, my mother got those seared scallops with risotto, and my father-n-law went with a Panini which looked so delicious.   We topped it off with an amaretto cake and a chocolate cake.  Loved the amaretto cake - if you are a chocolate lover (which I am not) - then the chocolate cake would probably be amazing too.  They have a dinner for 2 special for $79 that includes the appetizer to share, a soup or salad, any entrée, two desserts, and an after dinner drink.  Great deal!  And an even better deal that I hope to come back for is on Tuesday nights they have $5 apps and $10 entrees.  More people need to start knowing about this place.  I never hear it being mentioned and from driving by, you wouldn't expect anything as nice as this.  And their bartender was so attentive and made great drinks.  Can't complain about anything!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,5/3/2012,54,288,6,4,3>When Fontana's first opened their doors in 1974, hubby (then boyfriend) and I were among the first diners. We were weekly diners for years and also hosted functions here. Needless to say we were sad to see the restaurant - not to be confused with the grove or the pizzeria- close.Visited the new location, former Billy Ogden's, last night. I've got to say it was like stepping back in time. Hubby had the veal parm with a side of rigs. I stuck with my basic spaghetti request. The sauce is wonderful. Tasted as good as it did oh so many years ago. The antipasto bar is a nice addition, however is really is just a decent salad bar with a fancy name. I was impressed because they offered peas, albeit room temperature frozen ones, and I am a homegrown English pea freak. The bread was warm and exceptional. I am trying to figure out where they get it from. It wasn't a Costanzo's or a Wegmans. Very, very crusty and good. The only criticism about the bread is that it would have been better with olive oil instead of butter.We tried the stuffed hot peppers. WOW!! Billy Odgen's is where the stuffed hot pepper craze originated and they are supposedly using the same recipe that the late Chef Andy DiVencenzo developed. I've had Andy's and these are darn close if not the same. They are exceptional in their simplicity. A wonderful cheese filling, no bread crumbs or other fillers. Glazed with garlic infused oil and heated in a salamander/broiler.They wine list is good. Not super extensive but reasonably priced with a wine type to suit pretty much everyone's tastes.My only critique is the soup. Asked for the cheeseburger soup to take home to my daughter. Expected it to be like the Cheesy Mac soup from Neapolis Restaurant which is less than a mile away. It wasn't. It was actually quite disappointing. A chickeny broth that offered up bits of hamburger and carrots and potatoes. It wasn't "bad", it just wasn't what it was purported to be.We will be back. Specials board had many cool items however we just wanted to relive the past last night. Specials are for the future visits.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,5/2/2012,72,331,2,3,3>Before I moved to Las Vegas I worked in Kenmore and was here all the time. 6 years later I'm back and this place is still going strong, mainly because of how awesome it is. This place is really gourmet so its not cheap. I mainly come for the beer but usually pick up a few other things while here.The beer selection for Micro's and Imports is one of the best in WNY. Go there if you like beer. I also love their coffee which they roast in store. Cheese and Meat selection is quite extensive. But you can also pick up rare chocolate to olive oils as well.Need some fine glassware or cooking utensils, they got you covered there, along with some kitchen appliances. All foodies in WNY should check this place out at least once.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,5/1/2012,27,140,1,7,2>I am officially a fan of Cafe 59. I work in Allentown, so I end up going to the different sandwich shops in the area, but Cafe 59 definitely has the best sandwiches in the area. It's also the priciest, but for the taste, it's well worth it!I've ordered two sandwiches so far, the Ham and Yam, and the Turkey Reuben. The Ham and Yam is phenomenal! The ham is juicy and tasty, and the Yam adds sweetness and texture to the sandwich. The two complement each other nicely, and I especially love the brown sugar sauce that comes with it. That might sound slightly odd, but believe me, it works so well!The Turkey Reuben was also delicious. I wanted to try for something different as opposed to always getting the Ham and Yam, and I definitely wasn't disappointed. The turkey reminded me of the turkey sandwiches one would get after Thanksgiving, so real turkey meat, not that sliced lunch meat stuff. Also it wasn't extraordinarily salty as Reuben sandwiches go, so I liked that. The bread for this and both sandwiches was tasty. I don't know where they get their bread, but it's definitely good.And each sandwich gets a side, and let me just say the bread pudding is amazing. I tried the banana one and also the fruit and nut. The banana one wasn't bad, it was kind of mushy for my taste because of the cooked banana consistency, but the fruit and nut one, WOW! It was definitely the most delicious bread pudding I've ever had! That might not be saying much, since I'm not really an expert on bread pudding, but if you're a fan of it, definitely try the fruit and nut one, WOW! I'm definitely getting that with every order from now on.So yeah, try the Ham and Yam if you're not vegetarian, and try the Fruit and Nut one. I'm not sure which vegetarian sandwiches are good, but perhaps I'll order one next time and update this review.The drinks are not bad. I ordered a hot chocolate yesterday, and it was okay as hot chocolates go. For one, it wasn't very hot, it was kind of just warm. And secondly, the bottom of the hot chocolate had a very grainy taste, like you could taste the powder they used for it, which I'm not a big fan of. I'd much prefer a syrup, which would make a smoother taste than a grainy one.The drink I ordered today was a soy chai latte, and it was awesome. I'd say it was better than most coffee shops, soy chais, and the price is pretty good. Each drink is about a dollar less than all the drinks at Starbucks, as an easy reference. As for the temperature, it too wasn't very hot either. So if I were to recommend any improvements, I would say make sure the drink is hot because warm drinks that quickly become lukewarm in this cold weather, yeah, I'm not a fan...One other thing I'd like to mention. They sell used books, and if you bring in a used book you can trade them. It's really super nice. They also have lots of board games to play, which is super cool if you're out with friends and you want to have a fun time. :)
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,4/30/2012,26,141,3,2,2>This establishments meets all of the requirements that I have for a pretty cool place to hang out1.) Tasty tasty food2.) Cheap, but not watered down drinks3.) Awesome atmosphere4.) Snacks (who doesn't love snacks?)5.) History. Not just for being really old, but for having place mats that have pictures of all the presidents, and the sweet decor full of pictures and knick-knacks that will make any red blooded American's chest swell with pride.Founding Fathers also gets bonus points for #6: 6.) The chance to run into historical reenactors, dressed in full military garb who stayed in character until their friends arrived.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,4/29/2012,87,227,4,4,5>This is a family favorite for us, and has been since we moved to Lockport seven years ago.  I almost always get pasta in some form with red sauce.  I've occasionally ordered a meatball sandwich.  All the pastas and "Italian Specialties" on the menu are quite good.  The wine list is good, but the wines by the glass is a little sparse.  Once - and I remember this day, it was fall of 2009 - they had some sort of bacon-cheese soup on special and it made me happy in my pants.  They have not had it on any of my return visits since.  Le sigh.Only once or twice have I been been disappointed - the Appetizer of Petite Pizza was made on a Boboli or other not-so-great pre-made pizza shell, and the toppings were a little sparse, and the Clams Casino were far too small (you get a half-dozen for $8.50).My husband always ALWAYS either gets the linguini with clam sauce or the veal parmesan.  ALWAYS.  My kid gets a bowl of popcorn from the bar area, a Sprite and the kid's pasta dish.  He has recently branched out and will now have an appetizer of steamers (he had his very first clam at DeFlippo's in the summer of 2011 - sob, what a big boy) or shrimp cocktail just NO COCKTAIL SAUCE ON THE SHRIMP PLEASE OMG, IF IT TOUCHES THE SHRIMP HE WILL DIE.Anyway, the ambiance is kind of random - the restaurant is housed in an old house from the 1870's, with a bed/breakfast establishment upstairs (I think).  There are a few different rooms, and a lively bar area (with free popcorn, my son would demand that I tell you) and the women's restroom is a bit of a tight squeeze.  The staff and servers are all super-friendly and Mr. D - if he is there - always gifts my son with a few hockey/baseball/football cards.  Which is just really, really nice.I sometimes get sad if we drive over on a Monday (CLOSED MONDAYS) and we have to settle for something not as nice.  Because we forgot they are closed on Mondays.  Boo.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,4/28/2012,12,46,4,3,3>This place is so well reviewed I didn't think I could have anything to add.  That is until superbowl sunday this year.  Paula's facebook feed is fairly active, but the week before the game the status update reminding me to get my order in for the football shaped doughnut for the game called to me. And I'm glad it did...the thing was a hit at my superbowl party as it was absurd enough to get a chuckle out of everyone and good enough to compel people to get second helpings. I'm a big guy, so it goes without saying that I like doughnuts. But I had no idea I could have such strong feelings about something as simple as a doughnut. That is, until I had a Paula's doughnut. Really love the Apple fritter and the key lime pie doughnut. The  location is not particularly convenient for me, I drive past several Tim Hortons on my way there yet I still get there semi-regularly because they are just that good.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,4/27/2012,50,167,3,5,2>From the Yelp draft I started on my mobile:  "I am sitting here, totally delighted, and the pizza isn't here yet."Yeah, this place is rocking the awesome vibe, HARD.  Ok, let me take a breath and begin.I really don't mean to keep bringing up my home town but I think in this case it's necessary.  If you've ever been Boston's North End (the Italian section), you've heard of Pizzaria Regina.  This is the place to find the most authentic Neopolitan pizza in town.  It's the stuff of greatness.  I bring this place up, because Romeo and Juliet's is just as adept at making an authentic pie as Regina.  I think they might even do a better job than Regina, actually.  Something tells me this is at least partially due to the fact that the owner is from Italy and apparently brought his recipes to the US with him.  You'd be surprised how many Italian restaurants offer a more Americanized version of Italian food - this stuff is the real deal.We were seated and served by the owner, who was very warm and welcoming.  We told him it was our first time in Romeo and Juliet's.  "We make the best pizza in Western New York," he promised.  "No, the United States.  You want the best?  Try the margherita."  I took his advice, while my husband ordered his own pepperoni pie.  We started off with a caesar salad, split between the two of us.  I've never had a salad with dressing so simple, yet so good.  The anchovy taste was very strong, but not overpowering.  You could tell that this is what caesar dressing is supposed to be.  I was also pleasantly surprised at the crispness of the veggies, and the fact that they seemed to use freshly grated fontina and asiago cheeses instead of parmesan.  Lovely.(This was the point where I had to pick up my mobile phone, and quickly jot down the above thoughts.)The following pizza was unbelievable.  It's not Western New York fare, and I didn't want WNY pizza - this was authentic Neopolitan pizza.  This is what pizza is supposed to be.  Thin, oven-seared crust, a bright sauce, and fresh, creamy mozzarella.  Oh hellsyes.  This was the first pizza I've had in New York where I actually regretted adding parmesan cheese to the pie, because it wasn't needed.  The pizza was just that good.My husband obviously loved his entree as well.  As we began eating, I heard him start laughing to himself - literally chuckling in enjoyment.  At one point I either began telling him something or asked him a question, and he looked up, almost not recognizing me.  "Can't talk," he said dreamily.  "Busy eating."  So yeah, I think he liked his dinner too.One thing that was cool - we had to have both the salad and pizzas wrapped up, as we couldn't finish them.  The tables at Romeo and Juliet's are small - the owner's assistant kept the boxes at the front of the restaurant for us instead of making us scavenge for spare space on the table.We didn't order dessert, but the owner presented us with a cannoli to share, anyway.  "It's your first time here," he smiled.  "You get a cannoli."I don't even like cannoli, but I tried it, and it was amazing.  I actually really enjoyed it.  My husband isn't a dessert person, but he split it with me and he loved it too.  I would actually order it again, and this coming from a non-cannoli person is testament to how good this one was.If you're used to the thicker crust that every pizza joint in Erie County uses, this may not be the pizza for you.  If that's the case though, I urge you to give Neopolitan pizza a shot and enjoy it for its own merits.  And if you do, this is the place to try it.  If you like thin crust, you NEED to go here.  Everything about this place oozes PURE AWESOME.Hey Romeo and Juliet's - you'll be seeing us again soon!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/26/2012,90,142,11,6,8>Five Points Bakery is one of the true Hidden Gems in all of Buffalo.  If you are in from out of town this is definitely not a place to be missed, especially for breakfast.  When I think bakery I basically image a wonderland of carbs that should be avoided for the betterment of my waistline.  Furthermore, very few bakeries really offer dining services, merely scads of scones (Would you prefer a plethora of pastries?).  What I love about Five Points though is Toast...yeah Toast..."I get up in the morning round 6 a.m., grab a little jelly, grab a little jam..."Five Points Bakery makes their own flour, bakes everything fresh and sources locally.  You can also buy shares in the place and get a little piece of the vig (i.e., free bread).  It's a hippie wonderland which will soon be dominated by hipsters.  But this place makes their bread with love, and their Toast...yeah Toast..I opted for their multigrain bread with homemade cream cheese and pickled hot peppers marinated in garlic and oregano.  This is breakfast!!  A little hot pepper to wake you up, the smell of fresh bread toasting...so nice!My girlfriend opted for the cinnamon raisin bread with chunky peanut butter and fresh apple, and the halfling (our resident 7 year old) opted for the cinnamon roll bread with icing.  Other choices which I will definitely sample in the future include their power bread with gruyere and a hard boiled egg, "Buffalo-style" toast (yeah Toast) with a spicy cheddar hot sauce and artisan style pickles, and their German Bread with sauerkraut and raclette!!  So many choices for Toast...yeah Toast!!They had a wonderful organic coffee with a hemp aroma and a smooth finish.  We also stocked up on some locally sourced wildflower honey.  They have fresh locally made yogurt and a variety of giant cookies.  But the real reason to go here is for the Toast...yeah Toast!!"All around the country and coastPeople always say, 'what do you like most?'i don't wanna brag i don't wanna boastid always tell 'em, 'i like toast'"Yeah Toast
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/25/2012,21,58,2,2,1>Was a little disappointed to find the place was closed for two of the days that I first tried it...however, it was WELL WORTH the wait!Tried:-  Meatloaf Po-Boy-  Sweet potato fries-  Macaroni & cheeseFirst, for the price that it charged, and the portion size, you're getting an incredible value for your buck.The first item, the meatloaf Po-Boy was very generously served on an eight-inch roll, lightly toasted with a slightly spicy "creole sauce" that I think took the meatloaf to a excellent level of goodness.The sweet-potato fries were excellent, reminiscent of curle-que fries were hot (mind you, I did take-out) with a small lidded container of honey to go with them.If there was a complaint, the mac-n-cheese would have been it.  Though it was scorching hot when I arrived home, it's not quite what I'm used to getting...from lets say...my mother.  Maybe I didn't get a good taste of it, or I might have been a little bit of a man-n-cheese snob.  Not going to rant about it any further.Everything else was of excellent quality, and would DEFINITELY visit again.Now, to try one of their hot dogs on a Friday or Saturday night....And by the way, service was also top-notch.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,4/24/2012,3,5,3,4,2>The only place I trust with my hair in Buffalo. I've been a regular for two years and will be their customer for as long as I am in the area.I get my hair done by Annie. She is awesome, as a hair stylist and person. The first time I came there, she took time to really understand what I want. She was very patient and understanding towards my obsession with perfection. I have long and straight hair which likes to get tingled when wet. Annie takes time to brush it and makes me feel at most comfortable. At some other places in Buffalo the stylists got mad at my hair tingling and took it out by brushing my poor hair like crazy. I felt bad for even asking them to do my hair. With Annie, I can fall asleep while she is doing her magic. I like that they always expand their range of services. Every time I come, they have some new technique. If you read about a fancy procedure in a hair magazine, I'm pretty sure Imagine is already offering it. Always on top of the game with the market. I also buy my shampoo and hair conditioner from there. My hair loves it and doesn't want to go back to any other stuff. What really makes me believe that the place is great? When I look around and see other peoples' hair done, I see that they look so much better leaving the salon. They say that "hair is a woman's crowning glory". I believe it very much and I am ready to pay for the crown. In other words, the price is right too.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,4/23/2012,7,29,2,5,2>I love this studio. The space is warm, beautiful, clean and inviting; and there is a huge parking lot. The teachers are all great in their own way. What I also love is the fact that if there is a substitute teacher, there is never a "bad" one. They offer vinyasa, ashtanga and childrens yoga as well as a beginner course. This is great because i haven't felt slowed down from having a brand new student in an advanced class. My husband took this class and enjoyed it. A couple of the teachers play really good music in class too. Once in a while they have couples yoga, it has been a while since they have had one, I would like to see more of this. All in all, my yoga home.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,4/21/2012,29,9,5,2,3>Last February we were coming home from the pond hockey tournament downtown. My sister and her husband live in West Seneca so we decided to shoot down Seneca Street and see who would serve us food. We were famished from a long day of drinking Labatt Blue.We pulled into Blackthorn because it looked inviting, and had a lot, so it was also easy to pull into. The last time I had been to Blackthorn, I was a kid and with my grandparents, and Blackthorn was under its previous ownership. My grandparents went there a lot for fish fries because they lived right up the street on South Ryan. I remember that I liked the place, and that they did too.This time, we stumbled in and immediately recognized about half the people hanging out in the cozy barroom. My old co-worker Bill was there, with his buddies from college. They were huddled around the corner near the television. Bill told me they meet up every year for a Canisius College basketball game and that this was their afterparty. I forget if the Griffs won or lost. One of the guys Bill was with was my fourth grade teacher's brother, and we all talked and reminisced about what a great teacher his sister was. Her brother told me that one of her old students who went onto Stanford and spoke at that school's commencement mentioned my fourth grade teacher in his address. We were going on and on. My old co-worker Bill was horrified by how drunk with excitement and booze we all were.And then Bill's friend who I never met taught us what a Bloody Beer is. It's his routine to order a Bloody Mary and sip it. He also orders a Bud and all the while pours some of the beer into the Bloody until it is fully diluted. He sips and goes through beers until the stuff in the glass is all beer and no more blood. Then he knows it is time to go home. At least that is what he said. Maybe he keeps drinking sometimes.At this point we needed food, and badly. And because we were in South Buffalo we texted my Uncle Charlie and his new wife because we know they always hang out around the corner from Blackthorn. At first they resisted, but we wouldn't relent because we were so drunk and annoying from the Labatt Blues at the pond hockey tournament.Eventually my uncle showed up. We were already seated. So were Bill and his buddies, at a table across the dining room from us. But when Charlie got to our table, with his new wife, I shouted to Bill that my uncle was here and that he and his new wife were expecting a child in the summer. My uncle was embarrassed because I just acted like a drunk idiot, but Bill was excited to hear the news. And anyhow, we all felt very comfortable because Blackthorn is that kind of place. You feel comfortable there.I ordered beef on weck and it was fine. But the place and the ambiance and the company made the night special. Since then we keep returning to Blackthorn. We love the beers on tap -- including McSorley's, which usually is just served at an Irish pub in New York called McSorley's. And we love that the bartender keeps remembering us. He lets us order really late (around 11pm or so), and keeps an eye out for the table we like to sit at if it is occupied when we come in.Last week my sister and two of her friends stopped in to watch election returns. They all work for the county, and so were paying close attention to Election Day results. They got to chatting with the bartender, and my sister learned that he works for a local politician. She told me today, and I asked "our bartender?" and she said "no, another kid." So that means Blackthorn has, at least, our bartender and also a bartender in politics. Sam Malone + Woody.Blackthorn is such a great place. It feels like Cheers. But it's better because Cheers is fake and you can actually go to Blackthorn. And all this stuff happens there, and you think "oh this could be a tv show," and then you remember it's real life and it makes you kind of happy.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,4/20/2012,45,89,2,5,2>I've been here twice- once for Mother's Day brunch buffet, and once for Valentine's day.  However, it wasn't actually on Valentine's Day, but rather in celebration of.  I have to say, I REALLY enjoyed this restaurant.  It is very cozy, romantic, and authentic.  The bread and three dips they serve is enough to make me go back.  I remember the brunch buffet to be out-of-this-world!  Everything seemed fresh, unique, and expensive.  Our party was very impressed.  Valentine's dinner was fantastic.  I ordered a chicken entree and was very pleased.  It was very flavorful and had many delicious ingredients.  It came with a side of pasta that was enough to be a full meal.  The highlight of my meal was the dessert.  I think it had to be the single most amazing dessert I've had.  I am a huge fan of peanut butter, and this was a peanut butter bomba.  It was peanut butter gelato in a hard chocolate shell with caramel swirls and a homemade whip cream on top.  Usually, I don't even get desserts, nor am I a big sweets person- but this was KILLER.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,4/19/2012,100,241,4,2,4>How exactly have I not written a review for Shango's yet?I've been here a good amount of times and the food is excellent! I feel like the best times is during Restaurant Week - it seems like all the food is stepped up and delicious. I highly recommend the steak with the special Shango's sauce because it is soooo velvety and delicious! The blackened catfish on the restaurant week menu this week is also SO good. I also recommend any bread pudding that they make - they have somehow perfected whatever they put into the bread pudding. I must steal that recipe one day - I'll dress up as a server and just go rummaging in the back! :D The best bread pudding was the banana chocolate chip pudding..... Oh yes. The soups that they had were super good too - one of them was corn something and the new one is southern greens and beans soup. Where do they come up with such deliciousness?I've been here quite a few times for their regular menu too. Haven't made the best choices, but it was ok. The avocado spring rolls, frog legs, calamari, and gumbo were ok, but their catfish tacos were gooddd! The only thing I didn't really like was the creole bouillabaisse and the blackened steak po boy was meh. But that doesn't stop me from coming! I'm on a mission to try everything on their menu! :DOh! And Thursday's from 5-7 pm - they have 1/2 off appetizers if you sit at the bar area. Hollaa!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2012,4/18/2012,35,689,,6,2>This tap room and grill is in an unexpected location: in fact, if my friends didn't tell me this exists, I would not have known about it. Anyway, together with a large group of friends, we went there one Friday evening for dinner and drinks. There are two sections of the place: the dining room, and the bar. We opted for the bar, but in both locations, one can still get the same food. They have a larger-than-usual selection of beers, very appropriate for a tap room. I had the hefeweizen, and I also ordered some wings. I couldn't complain about the beer, nor about the food, per se, but there seems to be something lacking in the overall setup that I cannot say I thoroughly enjoyed the place. It might be a tap room, but I felt like there wasn't enough "interesting" beer selections. And the food might have been tasty, but it really felt like it took ages for it to come out. I should say, however, that the staff was friendly, but the timing and selection can use some improvement in my opinion.So, will I head over here again? Maybe, I haven't written them off. I'll probably be here when I am with a large group of friends, so that conversation can fill the void of the what-seemed-to-me a longer-than-usual wait just to get one's food.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2012,4/17/2012,61,48,11,4,4>Ahem.  So, Pho Saigon.  Hey there.  The first time I ever graced your location I had noodles that tasted like rocks.  This was over a year ago and I was ready to try you again.You did ok, my friend.Your pho broth was delicious.  I would have enjoyed it more, however, if you would have actually given me the bowl I ordered and not a random shrimp one.  And your noodles were ok, once I picked out the little baby ocean critters floating around in the bowl.Your saving grace was the fried spring roll.  It was perfect in every way.  And I loved the extra bean sprouts that piled high on my shared plate.But alas, my dear Saigon, I do not know if I will come and see you again.  It might be worth the drive for pho to those other guys; because for $7 my small bowl there will be much larger than the cereal bowl you served your pho in.Maybe I will see you in vermicelli town, my friend.  I hear you do that perfect.Best regards,Ana
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,4/16/2012,79,93,3,5,3>The owners here are friendly and committed to bringing fitness to Elmwood. The co-owner Robert is very engaging and over a 30+ minute conversation he convinced me that this is going to be THE PLACE TO BE with their planned occasional Karaoke spinning events and hip features not found at the average gym. Yes...spinning and Karaoke;  its all the rage in cities like NYC, DC, and LA.  There is a flat screen tv that will show scenic rides as the the spin instructor leads the group through different "rides." Some of the rides will be in 3D and BorB offers 3D glasses for the workout.  Eventually they plan on having a juice bar.  Another cool thing about BorB? They have this vibration board contraption/machine thingy that will give you the benefits of a 30 minute cardio workout in less than 5 minutes.  I hopped on board the machine and I'm not certain my teeth and brain could handle 10 minutes but the idea is novel. I'm excited to take rowing classes here. There is a separate 1000 sq ft area that will be outfitted with rowing machines and it's not visible from the front.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/15/2012,94,917,7,2,1>It is almost against man-law for me to review cupcakes.  Sprinkles, Magnolia's, I don't get the hype.  But last weekend, I was presented with the banana & peanut butter frosting cupcake from Zillycakes which I normally would've passed on and given to someone else.  But I was starving and it was a friend's birthday so in respect and for the sake of my hunger, I ate it and to my dismay, I enjoyed it.  Good unique combo of flavors in a cupcake that I've never had.  Don't expect me to be a regular, but Zillycakes gets a nod of approval from me.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,4/14/2012,62,99,3,5,3>Their pizza is mouthwateringly delicious....especially the crust.  The two types I've had (chicken finger and steak) were both a little greasy though.  Napkin-dabbing is necessary.  Their portions are obscene.  Delicious soup options and daily specials/deals.  I've never had to wait for a table, yet they always seem to be busy.  Just the way I like it.  The bar is always packed...which makes me think they must have good drink specials (although I've always just stuck with lemon h2o).  Love the waitresses! :)
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,4/13/2012,96,50,5,7,3>A top contender for best BBQ in Buffalo. Suzy Q's runs out of stuff because it makes stuff on a daily basis and doesn't let it sit around endlessly.  It doesn't carry sweet tea because it's a divey little place in Black Rock, not trying to recreate some sort of full-on Southern experience. With that out of the way, here are two pointers: 1. If you order the piggie pie or something similar with lots of starch, and it's lunchtime, you will be stuffed & sleepy by 2:30.  It doesn't matter how much you eat, or which size you order - this stuff will induce a nap. 2. Suzy Q's smoked Polish sausage could very well be one of the best menu items in all of WNY.  I kid you not, this stuff is gold.Generally, I order a two meat heap with a side of fresh homemade slaw. The slaw is creamy and rich, and really all the side dish you need. I will generally get the pulled pork, which is tender and moist, and the aforementioned sausage. Have I mentioned the sausage is gold? The brisket isn't bad, either, but really, you can't go wrong with what I've outlined above. Unlike some other BBQ places in WNY *cough*FatBobs*cough*, Suzy Q's doesn't pre-sauce your meat. There's a sweet and a hot BBQ sauce on your table, and you're freed to sauce it up any way you'd like. Or not. Up to you. That's a nice touch, and indicative of a place that knows it's serving up great food. No beer, wine. No credit - cash only, although there is an ATM inside that probably charges through the nose for a transaction.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,4/12/2012,202,199,3,4,4>A friend in one of my classes recommended me this restaurant before they even opened because he was some how a friend of a friend of the owners. I'd been looking forward to checking it out for some time, but a living social deal is what really sealed the deal for me.My dining companion and I decided t come down here on a beautiful spring day for dinner. We were both super hungry and I'd taken a peek at the menu before we left home so I had some idea of what I'd like to get. They have a pretty small draught list, unfortunately, but it was a good mix. I got a Franziskaner Weis beer and my fiance got a Dunkel beer. All the beers we ordered were served in proper stemware which is always a wonderful touch. We ordered a house salad with the house made green goddess dressing as well as the basil truffle fries. The salad was really just for me but it was quite large and totally delectable. I thought a salad at a German restaurant would be meh but the greens were super fresh. It included some tomatoes, hard boiled eggs, sunflower seeds, sprouts, cucumbers and some red onions. The green goddess dressing was fantastic. And those fries... usually when I eat fries I'm all about the ketchup. These fries were so crispy and perfectly flavorful I didn't need a single condiment. After being completely satisfied with our starters our entrees arrived. My fiance ordered the hindenburger, medium. It's a burger with onions, gouda and a fried egg on top. All placed on a tasty pretzel roll. This burger looked amazing. I ordered the beast and brie sandwich, which is a pressed sandwich with triple cream brie, roast beef, greens and sliced apples. When my fiance smashed the top bun on top of that runny egg and it poured all over the burger I was so jealous. He ate the entire mess in about 10 mins going 'mmmm' the whole time. My sandwich was very tasty but my only complaint was the beef was not very rare. Although that is often to the luck of the slicer at that time. I also wish there was more cheese on the sandwich because the brie was fantastic. The sandwiches were also served with some house made chips. These things are the real deal. They are thick cut and have such an awesome potatoey flavor. I am not the biggest chip fan but even after being totally stuffed I couldn't stop eating these while we waited for our check. The service was right on time and very friendly and we totally enjoyed our meal. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,4/11/2012,16,336,1,3,3>WARNING: This is a BRUNCH only review.I haven't had many 5 star experiences in Buffalo, but their brunch did it for me!  Let me tell you what's to love...Let's start with the drinks. Their bloodies are creative and delicious, and they're just the way I like them...overstuffed with garnishes like shrimp or a slim jim (doubtful?...see picture!). I had the St. Germaine cocktail, which was fabulously light and refreshing.On to the food: Like others said, they have a complimentary pastry, coffee, and Tazo tea bar. The pastries were all delicious, and everything was continuously re-stocked. Although their dinner prices seem quite overpriced to me, I thought their brunch prices (priced between $9-13) were very reasonable for the quality of the food, the local farms they use, and the pastry/tea/coffee bar. To me, their food is a bit more creative than most places in BFLO, and I am grateful for it.  As for the entrees, we had the omelet del mar (seafood omelet), biscuits and gravy, and poached eggs. My omelet was very good and had large chunks of crab claw and other seafood. Yea, it wasn't overflowing with seafood, but it was enough that I was satisfied. My co-diners also enjoyed their meal, and my faith in Buffalo dining was renewed. Oh yea, and our service was great all around. We had a great waitress who was helpful and attentive. We were also greeted kindly, and seated nearly immediately even though we were 20 minutes early for our reservation. The atmosphere is also trendy and charming all at once. I can't wait for warmer weather and a future brunch with friends on the patio!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,4/10/2012,20,81,6,2,3>Finally got a chance to go here for some drinks and a light bite to eat, and I was not disappointed. I'm always looking for a good a place that does Mexican/American food and since Gramma Mora's and Cozumel are about as vanilla as vanilla (No offense vanilla) I was really happy about the addition of Cantina Loco to the area. I'm going to call this food Mexican, although I fully understand that it's not "exactly" like traditional Mexican food, so deal with it.  I haven't read any of the reviews of this place, and I already know that there's got to be a few people who will say "It's not authentic Mexican",  and the people who complain that it's not authentic all have this in common.  They all like the band Creed, they actually pay money to see movies with the Rock in them, and they only annunciate ingredients that aren't traditionally English, ie mozzarella (Mut-za-rell), and burrito (burrrrrrrrrrrito).  No one likes you in real life, and no one likes you on the internet.   At first I was a little leery, because lets face it, the name kinda blows, but that's really the only negative thing I can say about the place.  I got there and sat down at the bar (aka my office) and ordered a house margarita.  It was really sweet, but  good, and although I don't  usually get sweet drinks  I probably could have had another one if I had already eaten, but grown up Darrell told himself to eat some food instead of drinking on an empty stomach.  I ordered the chips and salsa to start, and a Koreantown Taco for dinner.  The chips didn't really stand out either way, they were good, but it's just a chip.  The salsa was actually really delicious.  It had a hint of lime and cilantro, and was spicy enough to satisfy me.  I'm not sure if it was homemade, or store bought with some extra stuff put in, and honestly I don't care.  Salsa is usually my first gauge for Mexican restaurants, and it passed with flying colors.  After a few beers (in ice cold mugs) I got my taco.  It was a softshell taco with Korean short ribs, Kimchee, and some sauce.  Everything about it was simple yet delicious.  I probably could have went for a second one, but only because it was so good, the portions were perfect.  Also the prices were right on.  The décor in the place was really cool as well, it wasn't cheesy like most Mexican restaurants, the bar had cool old school Mexican artwork that is reminiscent of traditional Mexican artwork and tattoos.  The service was great, I really appreciated how the bartender totally made fun of these two hipster douches that walked in, and it was totally warranted, they had those big ear piercings that make a huge hole in your ear and skinny jeans, what do you expect?  Do yourself a favor and go check this place out.  Drinks + Atmosphere+ tacage= money well spent.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,4/9/2012,149,45,1,4,3>The owner saw us waiting for the hostess, he hung up the phone and came over to seat us personally. It was a busy Friday afternoon and we were expecting a small wait but were presently surprised. The waitress was prompt and was always ready with drink refills for us... We were pretty parched on this particular day. They have a huge bar on one whole side of the restaurant with a wall separating it from the actual restaurant seating area. Which keeps the noise to a dull roar at times. This is a great spot for large groups and family's or just a spot to hang out with some great friends and watch some sports.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2012,4/8/2012,17,41,9,10,3>Sadly I never experienced Tabree at its Elmwood location, so the suburban experience is all I know.Overall, it was a good meal.  Not a great meal (as its price-tag might suggest) but a good meal.  I started with the mixed greens and followed with the Coq Au Vin. My girl had the foie gras followed by the Halibut special.  Both were good.  But again, not great.The Coq au Vin was supposed to come with "root vegetables," but the only veggie on my plate were carrots.  Why not just say carrots?Also, the wine was fine, but nothing exciting.The problem was the service.  Our server was young, chipper, and sexy, and somewhat lost as to how to clear and serve (reaching over people, excusing herself more times than I could count, and screwed up the bill!!)  The bartender, another sexy young thing, didn't know how to make the Brandy Alexander our friend ordered, and if fact we spotted her checking on her iPhone before it was announced they didn't have the ingredients to make one.  Seriously, if you're trying to be a nice restaurant please oh god please hire people that know that they're doing rather than what they're wearing!!!!Also, they didn't have a cappuccinomachine.  WTF?Tabree seems like the place parents take their kids for graduation, or dude's take girls to make them look classy.  This is like the Chrysler Sebring of restaurants.  Yeah it's a convertible, but seriously, it's still a Chrysler.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,4/7/2012,5,59,2,4,3>Gordie Harper's Bazaar is a nice, homey place. They have an excellent breakfast menu and delicious sandwiches. They seem to have a lot to choose from and even offer a children's menu. You can dine outside on the patio on those nice, warm days. Inside, they have an English style pub with specialty drinks as well. Beside the restaurant, in the same building, is a co-op that sells antiques, imports, gifts, and knives. They have an entire room devoted to candy and spices. The candy ranges from old-fashioned to hard-to-find. There's even 3 different types of sugar-free candy. I know that's not much, but its nice that it's there. There's also birch beer and different types of honey in there.You can find Made-for-TV items inside, dolls, second hand items, pet toys, antiques, and garden decorations. During the summer, it's very hot inside.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,4/6/2012,198,661,4,4,4>Recently dined here with a friend. They take reservations- BONUS POINT. I got the fish fry, friend got the steak gorgonzola sandwich.I LOVED the fish fry. The fish was perfectly beer battered and fried, salt potatoes on the side were good, one of the best mac salads I've had out (had a homemade taste, not that weird, sweet chemical taste), and coleslaw was tasty too. Friend did not love the steak sammy. Said the meat was tough and the proportion of meat to bun was wacky- was hard to hold. Also said the steak needed a sauce or something- didn't have a lot of flavor. The only complaint I had was that the table was sticky and the water glasses were small and not refilled enough. But for me, the fish fry was delicious. I'll probably be back.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,4/5/2012,69,102,5,4,3>Louie's is GOOOOOD! I found myself wondering recently what drunk vegetarian people ate at 4am and I think I just figured out my answer; Louie's! Yay!I used to come here occasionally while in the area during the time when I still ate meat. Their Turkey Burger Deluxe is phenomenal! Wow. Probably one of the best turkey burgers in the area and with bacon. Not a frozen patty thrown on the grill, not here, no sir! Try it.Potato Buttons? They are just cute and fun to say, but equally delicious, especially when ordered with a side of cheese.  Their veggie burgers & veggie dogs make you believe you're eating the real thing! The menu is vast and can satisfy any craving, unless you're looking for a healthy salad. My other favorite part is the selection of Milkshakes!*DANGER DANGER* If you like Loganberry you'll want to order a Loganberry Milkshake from here and nothing else. Don't say I didn't warn you. 4 stars because they're closed on Sundays, which is major hangover day for delicious greasy food.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,4/4/2012,28,66,2,3,3>Went here for a work group function after getting shut out from the Left Bank and we were not disappointed!  The place is owned by the same person who owns Fiamma.  Great atmosphere....kind of loud. They were playing channel 419 on the satellite radio station with Lady Gaga/Katy Perry/modern hits kind of channel....you could see the large tv so it was fun if you wanted to play "guess the artist" :-) and they had Game 7 of the Stanley Cup on the 2 TVs behind the bar!  Always a good thing in Buffalo (but wish it were the Sabres playing, not the Bruins!!)  Some of the customers were there just for the bar.  Unfortunately, we did not get to experience the rooftop patio on that beautiful day....but I might come back someday to do just that!The drinks were very interesting.  My girlfriend recommended the Bambino Lemonade....champagne, vodka, lemon sorbet and mint served in a champagne flute....good stuff if you like sweet!  We tried the pieroni beer mixed with artichoke liquor just so we could try the artichoke liqour...forgot what else was in it that made it sweet but the sweetness hid the flavor of the artichoke.Our waiter was awesome-attentive, fast and accurate with great recommendations.  And the food?  Some fun appetizers included "BONE MARROW!!"  which one of us ordered on a dare.  Well, it was unique and unctuous!  Not for the feint of heart!  Hummus was great and the pizzas were yummy.  Some great obviously homemade pasta dishes.  Friends had the bolognese as the previous reviewer recommended and were not disappointed.  Tiramisu for dessert was a great finish.So, overall, a fun place near Shea's/Chippewa with some unique dishes and good Italian.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,4/3/2012,73,10,5,5,5>"What the PHO!" One of the best places in town, if your are looking for some PHO / Vietnamese cuisine. I've tried various dishes on the menu, and everything tasted fantastic. My dad, who only eats Indian foods (even in foreign lands), was convinced to try Vietnamese food around the world. My only tiffs with 99 is the lack of servers during peak hours, lack of proper parking, and in a shady neighborhood. I would highly recommend the Fresh OJ, and No.23 on the menu :)Also the price to food taste ratio is simply too good to be true.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,4/2/2012,96,404,3,10,4>OH! MY! GOD!!  This place is great!  My mouth is happy.... my belly is happy... my soul is happy too!I ate here earlier this evening with my "Taste of Diversity Group" (SERIOUSLY.... and, I don't know if belonging to all of these groups makes me way cool...or a total dork).  There were 6 of us at the table (well, two little tables pushed together) and everyone enjoyed their food as much as I did.It's a teeny-tiny place in a store front with about 5 tables.  It's owned by a couple.  He takes the orders and she makes the food and they both bring it out and take care of the cash register. And, they're super friendly.  And, the place is open every day from 7 am until 10 pm....and they didn't even seem tired.  Maybe it's all that healthy food.They serve traditional Ethiopian food... both vegetarian and meat dishes.  And you eat it in the traditional Ethiopian way... no utensils.  You just break off little pieces of "Injera" (kind of a cross between a flat bread and a very large buckwheat crepe) and use it to scoop up the food.  Yummy AND fun!I started with a "Sambusa" which is a triangular pastry roll filled with lentils, onions, jalapeno peppers, and meat).  It was a nice way to start my meal.  Then it was onto the main course.  I opted for the "Veggie Combo" which is supposed to have four different veggie items served (artistically) over Injera.  BONUS!  I was given six items.  I really don't know which I liked the best.  They were all so delicious!  The "Misir Wat" was lentils cooked with red peppers and onions and homemade spices.  The "Kik Alicha" was yellow split peas cooked with onions, garlic, and peppers.   The "Shiro Stew" was potato cubes and carrots cooked in a mild sauce of onion, garlic, and ginger.   The "Fosolia" was string beans and carrots, onion, and garlic sauteed in a blend of Ethiopian spices.  And then there was a mixture of cabbage, onions and spices and one of spinach and garlic, both of which weren't even on the menu, but were both SO DELICIOUS!I washed everything down with the most delicious tea I've ever had.  I don't even know what was in that tea, but it tasted kind of like a blend of black, red, and chai teas with cloves and honey.  YUM!  I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,4/1/2012,132,190,2,4,2>Nom nom nom. Burgers, wings and chicken fingers!!! That's about all I have to say. Delicious, mouthwatering, GIGANTIC burgers. Grover's does it right. Some of the best comfort food Buffalo has to offer- and Buffalo knows comfort food. As soon as you get in you'll need to put your name on the chalkboard. Be prepared to wait and it's not uncommon to wait an hour or more for a table so grab a drink and mingle with the crowd.Also don't forget that this place takes cash ONLY. No credit cards. I had to limit my last meal there because I completely forgot. It was tragic. And if you plan on having a few rounds of drinks, be sure to bring the extra cash.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2012,3/31/2012,49,130,2,3,2>The new Tully's is very similar to the one near Main and Transit with its sports-related themes and slightly above-average food.  The service here is really great, though, and between that and the free popcorn, AND the fact that they turned on the Red Sox game for me, I will definitely be making many more return trips.The place IS loud, but it is a sports bar and that should be expected.  Cheap drink specials make up for the volume.Expect a wait on a Friday or Saturday night.  We were told the wait was 30-45min on Fri. and 20min on Sat. and I was too impatient so we went elsewhere.  In hindsight, Tully's would have been worth the wait for the lively room, the multiple games on the TV, the great service, and the food that was nothing to write home about, but not terrible either.The wait on weeknights isn't as bad.  Worth a trip - we have been there three times since the opened and will be back again soon I am sure.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,3/30/2012,15,30,3,9,4>I can't compliment Carmelo Raimondi enough. He is in my eyes one of only a couple of chefs in WNY (Steve Gedra at Europa being the other) who challenges us to think about our relationship with food every time we sit down to eat at his restaurant. Without being preachy, his menu tells us that he is drawing a line in the sand which says "No, we are not going to dumb down the food, and no we are not going to compromise our values by prioritizing the extraction of dollars from our customers."What does this mean?It means that to the extent that it is possible, he sources his ingredients from local farmers he has cultivated relationships with over time. He is proud of that. The names of these farms are on the menu. He uses high quality ingredients at the very peak of freshness. In the food world nothing pisses me off more than a restaurant (not naming names) that screams out EAT LOCAL, yet sources their ingredients from who knows where, putting a knife in the back of their food neighbors and trying to pull one over on their customers. Screw that, and screw them.It also means that when you look at the menu you are going to be forced to try something you might not have had before. Be brave, Buffalonians. The four Buffalo food groups (Wings, Pizza, Roast Beef, Blue Cheese) are not represented here. Many restaurants/bars in the area, even some very successful ones, are willing to be greedy and violate this principle by putting a "Buffalo twist" on things or stocking local favorites in addition to the more adventurous options. In my opinion this has to stop, and we have to take a serious look in the mirror.All of this translates into a contemporary Italian dining experience that values freshness and simplicity in a cozy, romantic environment in the heart of historic Lewiston, where you know you can order anything off of the menu and it will taste great. You see? When your values are right you don't have to hide a shitty piece of meat behind 10 pounds of butter and a million and one other things on the plate.Lecture over. Some highlights from the meal:- A butcher's plate with many kinds of cured meats (prosciutto, two varieties of coppa, etc), rabbit rillettes, spicy mustard as well as mostarda.- "24 Hour" pork belly with pickled zucchini and farro. Sourness of the zucchini, richness of the belly, and the sweetness of the farro cooked with rosewater and caramel.- House made rigatoni with braised beef cheeks. I suppose on the more "traditional" side, but absolutely delicious, a hug from your Nonna on a plate. The pasta was perfect.- Turbot with beets, mussels and herbs, wrapped in parchment paper and served in an iron skillet. "Should I cut it open for you?" Hell yes.- St. Germain panna cotta with a balaton cherry compote and lemon biscotti, served in a little jar. Yeah, you read those ingredients right. OUTSTANDING.- Affogato. Delicious, but constructed in a way that makes it difficult to eat because you have to work really hard to get some of the bay leaf and lemon ice cream.Chef Raimondi is a very talented cook, and everything was executed well. Service is attentive but down to earth. There aren't a million staff members wiping your crumbs away or re-folding your napkins.I wanted to give Carmelo's a review it deserves, because as I see it the food and the values serve as a model for what an unpretentious, food-focused restaurant should be like in our area. Carmelo Raimondi, you are awesome, and your place is amazing. I hope other Yelpers stuff money in your pockets ASAP.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,3/28/2012,51,88,1,5,6>Penzey's is the only spice specialty store I have been in, and it is a fun store. It's easy to get around in, and truly a sensory experience. The "smelling jars" are unique to any place I've really been to in Buffalo. It can actually be a little overwhelming if there are not specific spices on my list when I walk in, because there are SO many choices.I don't know what Penzey's does to their spices, but short of fresh herbs, they are the best spices to use... even the garlic salt I have from there is the best garlic salt I've ever used. It's a great place to stock up on the usual spices and a lot of unusual spices as well as extracts, and so far I have liked everything I've bought from there.I really like that they have spice blends there with no multi-syllable words in them (ie, preservatives) and also salt-free blends, which can be tough to find in your average supermarket.For such a specialty store, I'm pretty happy with the prices. They offer some more high end spices, but you get what you pay for. I definitely also recommend signing up for their monthly catalog, which has sent me coupons for free spices and a couple spice gift sets.The staff is nice too, and really helpful if you have questions - but I like the product enough that I'd probably shop there even if they weren't.I am not going to give up on the Co-op's great bulk spice section, but I am definitely happy to have Penzey's in my life too.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,3/27/2012,23,207,3,7,5>+ good food, good value, large dinner portions-  limited operating hoursShhh, don't tell any of your friends, as you're about to be introduced to one of Buffalo's best kept secrets for Italian. I must have driven by this establishment hundreds of times while I worked at One HSBC Center and never noticed it once. Why you may ask?--because it's rarely open. They are only open for weekday lunch from 11am-2pm and on Fridays for dinner from 5pm-9pm.  Closed on Saturdays and Sundays. From the outside, this place looks like some tiny bar that's been closed for ages.  It's actually located just down the road from Chef's restaurant.The minute you walk in, you're surprised by a long bar in front of you with two large dining rooms on the right.  We made dinner reservations for 8pm last Friday and it was packed with people.  We were seated in the glass expansion section which was nice, though a little noisy. The server was one of those typical Buffalo in-your-face type waitresses that we all know and love . She had some nice recommendations and took care of us rookies very well.  We ordered the Stuffed Peppers Parm appetizer, a small Spaghetti and Meatballs, and a large Chicken Parm.  Note: the dinner menu is very small, with only about half a dozen pasta dishes, so you really have to like your pasta.We were first served a basket of bread and butter which had a nice amount of bread in it (6-7 slices) for the two of us and was very fresh.  Compare this to Chef's where we usually get a poor waitress giving us 2-3 slices.  Next came the salads, which are included in the pasta dinner price and were crispy fresh with lots of veggies and croutons.  Again, compared to a Chef's basic salad which you have to pay extra for with hardly anything in it. The plate of three Stuffed Peppers arrived barely warm, which I don't care for, but they were pretty tasty.Our pasta dishes came soon after and were piping hot.  My Chicken Parm was a huge portion and had a nice helping of cheese on top. The breaded chicken breast was cooked well.  At $10.50 it's a steal as you don't even have to pay the extra for it being "parmed".  The pasta was cooked perfectly, although I think I prefer Chef's sweeter sauce over this one. But don't get me wrong, the sauce here is still very good.  Also, I like how Chef's automatically gives you a side of sauce with their Spaghetti Parm. The dish of Spaghetti and Meatballs was also cooked very well. I like the meatballs much better here than at Chef's--a softer texture and more flavor.  We finished up our dinner just after 9pm and there were still lots of guests still at their tables.  Our waitress told us that the only dessert left was ice cream, but that was fine for us, as we couldn't even finish our pasta.  She boxed it up for us.  She also mentioned that the homemade "to die for" dessert pies sell out quickly so you have to get there early.  On this Friday night, she said most were sold out by 6:30pm.We noticed after finishing up with us, our waitress then hit the big table in the middle dining section with the other waitresses for their own dinner party which was amusing.  What I also noticed is that many people dining here knew each other.  Everyone was in a very friendly mood with lots of people checking us out and smiling--it was very welcoming and it's almost like we felt part of a new family. One table behind us was celebrating an anniversary and at one point one of the staff members brought over a complimentary bottle of wine for them--a nice touch.  In my opinion, the dining experience here is much more personal compared to Chef's.We certainly had a great time at DiTondo's and look forward to the next time we can make it for a Friday night.  I can't wait to try the Spaghetti with Rolled Steak and the Banana Cream pie--so stay tuned for an update!Again, please don't tell your friends about this place--let's just keep it our own little Yelp secret. ;)  It's already busy enough on a Friday night!  Although the operating hours may make it hard for you to try it out as well, I think you will agree that once you do, you'll be hooked like us. Welcome to the DiTondo family. =)
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/2/2012,3/26/2012,75,529,,3,2>This is a decent cupcake place in a good location right across the street from the zoo. I was expecting just a counter (a la zillycakes) but discovered a very welcoming spot to sit an relax. I am not sure that I would actually come here to sit though because the only thing they have is coffee and cupcakes... I just don't want cupcakes often enough.Like many others, I went here because I had a groupon. When I arrived at a 2pm on a Wednesday, there was a large variety of cupcakes remaining but not that many in number. We giggled like little girls as we got to pick out 12 different amazing looking cupcakes. I was particularly taken with the "daily dip" -- a cupcake that they then dip in chocolate and I liked the peanut butter ones (SigO was not a fan of the PB -- too rich sez he). SigO thought the red velvet was the best because of the cream cheese frosting and he liked the pumpkin ones too. We have also had cupcakes from here at a friends' house and therefore have tried many kinds.Everyone I have had these cupcakes with seems to agree that the frosting is just too rich and intense. The frosting is over 1/2 the cupcake and it is dense. It also means that it is hard to eat a whole cupcake by yourself.. which is good because at $3 a pop they get pricey. I recommend getting a few and cutting them in 1/2s or 1/4s so you can try different flavors.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,3/25/2012,21,107,5,6,6>No kidding. As the star ratings say:  "As good as it gets." Lottie and her pirogi are fantastic. Her real, huge, old jukebox is frozen in about 1983. Polkas and Elvis and Rodney Crowell is what we played the day I went with visiting friends who have lived in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, so they know their Polish beer and pirogi places.  We had the cabbage roll "golabki" and pirogi plate. Two golabki, two pirogi. Perfect, it leaves room for a couple of Polish beers. The pirogi come unadorned - no fried onions, no sour cream. It's OK. They taste like the sour cream is in the potato mash already. I've never seen pirogi wide and flat before, but they're great -  not gummy and fat like so many can be. Lottie herself is everything you could hope for in a bartender, cook, hostess, grandmother. She's funny, she's good at what she does and clearly is happy, she's interested in what's up with you, she's welcoming. She gave my visiting godson cereal box race cars to amuse himself with while we ate. He liked them but loved the juke box. It was a like a crazy ancient space ship to him. My favorite Lottie quote comes from a Buffalo News story by Andrew Z. Galarneau which was written in May 2010: "People call and say, will you sell me a dozen (pirogi)? I say NO. You have to come in and have a drink...eat it here." Go there, gather your own quotes. I couldn't, I was too busy having a fun time to write anything down.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,3/24/2012,32,67,1,9,5>After reading the reviews on yelp, my SO and I decided to try Delhi Chaat. I have driven by this place numerous times, but being so tiny, I didn't expect it to be a restaurant. I'm so glad that I found reviews on here and decided to give it a try!The price was right and the food was delicious. I ordered the chana masala with a side of naan. Both were cooked to perfection. The masala was spicy and delicious - possibly one of the best I've ever tasted! My SO ordered the multiple course dinner option w/ chicken (there is also a vegetarian option). His dinner came with two vegetable based dishes and two chicken dishes, in addition to rice, a side of  chips with dipping sauce, and rice pudding. It was so much food, but for such a little price. He enjoyed every bit of it and I enjoyed tasting the different items, too! (I apologize, but I am not sure what each dish was called.)Oh, and the rice pudding? I'm not usually a rice pudding fan, but if this is how it is supposed to taste, then I'll be ordering it more often - and from Delhi Chaat. It was a sweet, delicious treat at the end of our meal and I was begging for more when it was finished!Overall, we had a great experience. The staff is very attentive, the food is hot and delicious, and the price is just right. Delhi Chaat, you just won yourself a repeat customer. Can't wait to join you again soon for dinner! (Or perhaps that lunch buffet you offer!)UPDATE: We returned again last night and the meal was again top-notch. Also, the staff really deserves an award for customer service. They are very sweet and attentive. You feel more like friends than a customer. :)
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,3/23/2012,69,70,3,5,3>Cute, cozy, and makes you feel right at home. Koreana is the place to go if you'd like to sit down and enjoy a home cooked meal. Although the menu consists of not many food items, but when you get there, you still are indecisive of what to get. hahaha Everything looks so good! The food is so delicious, I want to come back and get some more! Try the Chicken Bulgogi, the sauces and seasoning are tasty and the food is cooked just right! Only thing missing from this place is a large pot of hot Jasmine tea.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,3/22/2012,6,51,3,4,3>I'd never been inside Parkside until a friend suggested we meet there for lunch. I was expecting an expensive milkshake then we'd head off for proper food. Well, unknown to me, they do sandwiches as well! Granted they don't have an expansive menu, just four sandwiches, but the sandwiches are cheap and good! I always get the chicken sandwich which is amazing! The milkshakes are huge, creamy, and really cheap. Their truffles are a bit pricey, but everything else is right on the mark! The waitstaff is amazing and always friendly. I highly suggest this place for anyone looking for a cheap lunch in a great place!!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,3/21/2012,24,12,1,3,3>Hands down, Bistro Europa is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo. The restaurant is very small, with about 5 tables and they have recently begun to take reservations. I had a group of 5 people and called earlier in the day. They asked that I call about an hour before our reservation to confirm that we were still coming so they could use the table if I failed to confirm.  The bistro is open daily for lunch from 11:30-2:30 and dinner from 5 to 11 Mon-Thurs, and 5-midnight Fri-Sat. They are also open for Brunch on Sunday which I have yet to try. The menu is ever-changing and specials are posted on their website, so I make a point of routinely checking it out.  With strong influences from local produce and meats and fresh seafood from Boston, you know that you are eating quality ingredients any day of the week. The menu features classic European dishes and coming from a Polish family I am a big fan of their ever changing variety of pierogi and wide selection of Polish beers. I always make a point of ordering the freshly baked bread basket. I won't go into detail on dishes that I have tried since the menu is never the same.  Try it out, order something unusual because you won't find anything else like it in Buffalo.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,3/20/2012,4,1,5,4,2>Good lord, believe the hype.I hadn't had Lloyd's until this past weekend, though I've heard about them since they started rolling around. I recently moved offices and discovered they're only a few blocks away every other Monday. I got to try them last Saturday at the opening of the Horsefeathers community market and again yesterday.Bar none they're the best tacos I've ever had. Granted I've lived in Buffalo all my life and so I probably haven't had "real" tacos before this, but it was a party in my mouth and everyone was invited.Between the two occasions I went I got all four kinds of tacos (pork, beef, chicken and bean) and a cup of butternut squash soup. The beans didn't have the same flavor and texture as the meat did but everything was excellent. I got a beef taco to take home for my wife and then ate it. I don't even feel bad.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,3/19/2012,3,4,3,4,3>The burgers here are very tasty. I you don't like what you see on the menu you can come up with your own burger. I'm not one to order a pulled pork sandwich at a burger joint but I just had to after all the raving I heard about it and it was delicious!  The sauce was sweet with a little heat to it. And if you want it hotter the Frank's sauce is there on the table for you!  I also had a side of sweet fries which were also very good. The small basket had enough to fill you up. They are served with a few butter pats and honey packets in the side and I would prefer mine added right out of the fryer to get it all nice and melty but still the sides work if you want to control how much is put on.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,3/18/2012,37,21,2,3,4>Ever since John Belushi made "Greek" diners famous there have been places popping up like Altons in every major city and surrounding suburb. But Alton's itself may be the mecca for the ultimate upscale greek creasy spoon experience. The place is always packed with hungry patrons lined up ready to consume massive quantities of simple home styled food from corned beef hash to chicken souvlaki. Regardless of the hour of the day Alton's is sure to please if you like large portions, well prepared at very realsonable prices.. Two inside tips: get the rice pudding which may be the best in WNY...and if your are there on a Saturday morning ask for Elaine (she is a legend there when it comes to great service).
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,3/17/2012,126,349,4,4,4>Great place for pre-game eats or to stay and watch on the multiple TVs throughout the place - definitely has a sports crowd during games but is a great place regardless.  The interior is very cozy, with everything being made out of wood and high ceilings which let you try to follow the very old but very functional fan system!It's not on the menu but the steamed broccoli is a healthy alternative to the homemade chips (which are very good, though!)  The pizzas are a good choice (considering this is not a pizzeria) and if you're with a group, order a tube of beer!Still bummed that they haven't yet added a cold cider to their pretty impressive brew list... it seems to fit the place so well, but maybe one day I'll finally be able to grab a Strongbow there. In the summers the back patios are great! there's even a few seats that give you a view of the lake. They do take reservations but if you're trying to make one before a Sabres game you'll have to call at least 3 days in advance... 5 to be safe. They always accept walk-ins on game nights, just be prepared to wait 60-90 minutes or head upstairs for the pre-game buffet (no wait!)
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,3/16/2012,113,171,2,6,2>For those yelpers who the know the great secret of Fables, well done.  If you haven't heard of Fables, boy you've missed out on some great lunches!  Definitely one the top destinations for the short lunch hour in downtown Buffalo.  Located in the downtown public library it definitely gets overlooked by many.  Get past walking by the less fortunate who loiter outside, and get yourself a darn good lunch!   It's going to be busy, expect it, it's good food!  If you don't have the time, you can definitely call ahead, the website says delivery, but I don't know how that works.  They have daily specials, and soups which is appealing.  I've been here twice, and have been impressed.  Sandwiches come with a side salad and cookie, for under $8!  Definitely can't complain with those prices.   The breads are great and are definitely baked by them.  Last time I went to Fables, I got the Mushroom, apple barley soup, and it warmed me up on that nippy spring afternoon.  No Campbells here, it was homemade and very hearty.  It also came with a side piece of that great bread for dipping.  I went with the Brooklyn style roast beef sammy for my main.  I always hate places that claim their sandwiches are "piled high" and aren't but Fables put some meat on their sammy!  Not wanting the mayo, I asked for alternatives, and got BBQ.  I soon realized that I tasted this fantastically sweet sauce before, and the staff confirmed it... Dinosaur!!!  One of the only places in Buffalo that I've seen have Dinosaur BBQ sauce.  Impressive.   Fables will surely won't disappoint.  Great food all around for the same price you get ok food at!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,3/15/2012,51,39,4,5,6>Things you should know: I am a huge breakfast fan. Breakfast is generally the highlight of my weekend. As I have mentioned in other reviews, in Portland (Oregon, to clarify) where I am from, breakfast is a big deal. It's an event. People are willing to A)get up really early after a long night of drinking or B)willing to stand in line for an hour+ just to eat some places. Betty's was the first place I ever went to when I arrived in Buffalo. I drove in late the night before, got some sleep, then got up the next morning and asked where a good breakfast spot was. I was directed to Betty's, so my traveling partner and I headed that way. That first day I had the egg's benedict. As a rule I only order things which I probably couldn't make myself at home, and since I have no ability to poach an egg or make hollandaise sauce, it gets my vote a lot of the time. It was delicious. I ate every single bite.Since then, I have ordered probably half the brunch menu. I have never been disappointed. One thing I do find strange (and this is true of Buffalo, in general) is the lack of hash browns on menus here. Everyone does homefries instead. Those can be rather hit or miss for me, but Betty's has consistently pleased me with theirs. Someday I'm sure I'll give it a shot for lunch of dinner, but honestly, they do breakfast so well, why would I want to miss out?
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,3/14/2012,2,11,5,4,4>After some time in the dog house for not helping enough around the house, my boyfriend treated my to Le Petite Package to get back into my good graces. Overall, the Spa at the Park Lane helped him out, sending me home refreshed and relaxed.This package includes a facial, half hour massage, manicure and either a mini pedicure or hair wash and blow out. The facial was really nice. It focuses on exfoliation and hydration, both of which my skin always needs. Elizabeth does a nice consultation and checks in with you throughout the process to really ensure the best experience. I normally have issues with fragrances, so she made sure to test every fragrance before using it to make sure that it would not bother me. I had a couple small breakouts at the time that would have taken a week or two to clear up, but are now almost completely gone. Also, the next day at work, customers kept commenting on how great my skin looked. When I finally told one that I had just had a facial, she immediately wanted to know about it because "it is well worth the money with results like that."Next was the massage. My boyfriend ordered an upper body "relaxation" massage for me. Tami has amazing hands! She brought out all of the kinks and knots in my shoulders, but was also gentle enough for the experience to be relaxing, not deep tissue. She also uses this wonderful pomegranite-cranberry lotion that smells fabulous. My only issue was that she touched my hair a lot; luckily, I had to wash it anyway, but it would have been very upsetting if I had to go to work or somewhere else after. I guess that's why they offer the hair wash and blow out.Finally, I got my mani and pedi. Both were super relaxing and comfortable. I was served some cheese and crackers with apples as a snack, which I dug right into. I pick my nails like crazy, so there were a few issues going on, but Beth did a great job. The mani was free of pain and looked great. Beth went over and above for the pedi, sloughing off dry skin and really getting my feet into shape for the winter.I was definitely there longer than the 90 minutes they suggest on the website, but it was well worth it. My day off was perfectly spent at the Spa at Park Lane and my boyfriend is pretty happy not to have been nagged for a couple days. The package was awesome for anyone who needs a day of pampering and I will most certainly return for future spa days.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,3/13/2012,11,59,1,6,3>Ahh, my home airport.  I fly through here on a weekly basis due to work obligations.  Having repeatedly flown through every major airport in the continental USA I'm confident in my ability to assess what works with airports and what does not, so here you are.BUF is one of the most convenient airports in all of America.  I've been through much smaller airports (Long Beach, South Bend, etc. I'm looking at you!) but I have to say that honestly BUF is just the right size - 26 gates, 20 minutes from most places in the area and a security setup laid out in a way that you can usually print your ticket and go through the security apparatus within 15--20 minutes.  How many airports in the USA can you arrive with your luggage, print your ticket and find your gate within 30 minutes or less of arrival?  Very few.  BUF is the smallest airport I regularly use and yes, let me tell you, I appreciate being able to be in a car to my house 5 minutes after exiting the aircraft.  If I had to fly in and out of ATL, ORD, any New York airport, LAX, DEN, etc. regularly I'd probably hate flying forever.Rental cars are conveniently located in a garage within a 50-foot walk of the airport exit. Dollar, one of the few off-premises rental agencies, is easily reached via a 5-minute shuttle ride.Food - the airport has gone through some renovations in recent years that has added the likes of Anchor Bar, etc. in an expanded food area along the eastern wing of the airport.  Things have actually improved quite a lot in this regard.  Food is very rarely something to write home about in airports, outside some of the larger airports out there - I recently had a wood-fired pizza in O'Hare and a truly upper scale sit-down experience in San Francisco but otherwise, 80% of the food courts in American airports are generally alike in the "blah" factor.  Common sense should tell you that BUF is relatively limited.Bottom line - if you fly regularly as part of your job you must know that these places aren't meant to be bastions of comfort and luxury.  I'm a fan of any airport that can make the flying experience easy and convenient.  It took me 1.5 hours from arrival to finally driving off with my rental car the last time I visited Atlanta.  ORD often has torrents of canceled flights because they've always managed that airport on a hair wire.  Having been through a lot of these places I can honestly say that BUF is one of the easiest mid-major airports to use in all of America, so am I a fan? Damn right. 4 stars.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,3/11/2012,7,10,3,3,4>What a fantastic spot for a dinner date.  Intimate, romantic, and the food is amazing.  As those before me have, I will rave about the spinach balls, however, the main course was no shrinking violet either..  Sat on the patio out back and enjoyed the fresh air.  The breeze was a little stiff, but La Tee Da provides blankets on the patio and I thought that was the most thoughtful little touch.Service was prompt, without being too rushed, and the place was not over-crowded,Make a reservation, seating is limited at La Tee Da, and with good reason.  The place is an all around excellent spot to have a nice, quiet, romantic dinner for two, whether on a second date, or after 50 years.Highly recommended.And the Tiramisu?  Yeah, you might want to save room for that.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,3/10/2012,15,236,3,3,3>I love chow chocolat and I'm very glad they have added a location to Elmwood. The desserts are unique within Buffalo, and all made locally. If you haven't had the macaroons you don't know what your missing. The mousses are also excellent, and the sipping chocolates and haute chocolate drinks are superbly rich substitutes for coffee or tea (although they have those too. A recent favorite is the vixen spicy haute chocolate - dark and milk chocolates, steamed cream, cinnamon, and cayenne pepper - sweet and spicy. Definitely worth checking out.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2011,3/9/2012,39,17,4,3,3>Sax man. Smooth sexy saxophone sounds. Hearing contemporary favorites rendered with a saxophone playing the melody/vocal part, accompanied by a CD, is the best part of going to CB on a Tuesday night. There was a time when I would pay $12 for a syrupy, flavored cocktail in a martini glass, but that time in my life has passed. College-aged me gives the black forest and wedding cake martinis thumbs up, as well as the spiked milkshakes. Current-me had a cider and some truffles, which were good. I shared a strawberry and chocolate and the dipping chocolate was really well done- powerful cocoa flavor and very smooth texture. As much as we loved ogling sexy sax man, I think I am just reluctant to say it was a four-star visit because something in the mood of the room just felt unhappy. I prefer places where the staff seems pumped to be there rather than scurrying around with their heads down.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,3/8/2012,9,33,5,5,5>There is nothing more that I love than Indian food... except being Indian full. This is what I call it when I overeat when enjoying the wonderful exotic flavors in every dish! I rarely let myself overeat. I just hate the feeling I get left with. My exception to that rule is when I eat Indian. It is just so good I cannot stop eating and I don't even care if I am stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey. It is worth every bite and every calorie! I was a Tandoori regular. I drove from the city out to Williamsville on a regular because Tandoori is so good. Plus they give you gals roses at the end of your meal. You also get this bowel of warm rose oil water to wash your hands in. It is glorious. Then I met my boyfriend and he was a Kabob and Curry regular. Being the great bf that he is, he gave in and took me to Tandoori (for the first few Indian meals). Then he put his foot down and said: "No, we are going to Kabob & Curry." I said: "Fine."Now Kabob and Curry is my favorite. Although it is hard to pick a favorite because in my opinion B-lo has a slew of great Indian joints, but the sauces and just in general everything is so damn good here. Any app at any Indian restaurant is going to be good. But the one that makes this place stand out is the Papri Chaat. The fresh boiled chickpeas, potatoes, and crispy homemade biscuits topped with tamarind sauce and yogurt has my name written all over it. My favorite thing when I eat Indian is the tamarind sauce. I am addicted to it. This app is so wonderful!!  The mango chutney is another item that is ordered with every meal! It is never the same but just as good every time. The naan we get usually has air bubble in it and I like to fill the bubbles with this wonderful side and enjoy! You can order anything on the menu and be delighted. My favorites here are:1. Chicken Madras- pieces of boneless chicken cooked and served in a lemon, onion, and coriander based sauce. I got this for the first time last time we went and it was so delish! 2. My all time favorite dish at any Indian place is the Chicken Mahkni. My favorite place to eat this wonderful dish is here. They have mastered it. Almost to the point that I don't want to order it anywhere else! Another great variation to this dish is to get the Paneer instead of the Chicken. Their homemade cheese is great! I actually like the Paneer better. I am never disappointing when I come here. We usually go on Sundays and I can tell you the A team is in the kitchen on Sunday evenings.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,3/7/2012,1092,741,3,4,2>This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had outside the South/Midwest. The Brisket and Chicken are nothing special and I've never tried the Ribs (though I have heard they are phenomenal, but they're out of my price range), however this place KNOWS how to do their pulled pork. Get the sandwich for $6, add the coleslaw, and squirt a lot of their home made BBQ sauce on it... perfection. Their sides are okay, but their TEXAS TOAST which usually comes with the dinners, is a dream, so get that instead of a side! Or get Corn Bread, which they do well.Best Pulled Pork in the North... one of the best Pulled Pork sandwiches I've ever had. There isn't any point eating any other BBQ in the Buffalo area. This is the place. End of story.Y'all remember that, now.Updated: If this was a movie about a guy from Louisville robbing a Bacon & Pork farm, then it would be called "Kentucky Greg's Piggery Hit". But it's not. So.This is not only the best BBQ in Western NY, but anywhere in USA outside the "BBQ hubs" of KC, Texas, Tennessee and the Carolinas. It's phenomenal!Recently went back to try a sampling of their entire platter full of stuff. My goodness! So yes the Pulled Pork is the star of the show and is absolutely incredible, but the ribs are utterly amazing too, as is the divine sausage! The only thing I am perhaps not a fan of is the Brisket, it's good but not the best, and I usually love Brisket, so I recommend the three aforementioned things instead. As for sides, well everything is good but especially the Texas Toast (get a side of it and thank me later), the mac & cheese, and the beans, nomnomnom. And Corn Bread! Wow!old reviews:This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had outside the South/Midwest. The Brisket and Chicken are nothing special and I've never tried the Ribs (though I have heard they are phenomenal, but they're out of my price range), however this place KNOWS how to do their pulled pork. Get the sandwich for $6, add the coleslaw, and squirt a lot of their home made BBQ sauce on it... perfection. Their sides are okay, but their TEXAS TOAST which usually comes with the dinners, is a dream, so get that instead of a side! Or get Corn Bread, which they do well.Best Pulled Pork in the North... one of the best Pulled Pork sandwiches I've ever had. There isn't any point eating any other BBQ in the Buffalo area. This is the place. End of story.Y'all remember that, now.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,3/6/2012,61,259,2,5,3>The highlight of this place? The cocktails. Truly they taste like nectar of the gods and they're reasonably priced.Pizza? Its OK. The toppings are fresh and sauce is flavorful.  I'm not the biggest fan of the crust. I wish it was light and airy. Instead it tasted like a dense cracker. The dining room is small and its a popular joint so come early and often.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,3/4/2012,6,22,2,4,3>Ulrich's is a Buffalo legend. It's the oldest or longest something and it's somehow both German and Irish. But more importantly, the food is delicious. There are a lot of items ending in "Schnitzel" on the menu. I sampled the potato pancakes, which were yummy, but not quite as good as Scharf's. I had heard that the French onion soup was not to be missed. It was picture-perfect with bubbling, warm cheese (Swiss), but I found the soup itself to be rather bland. I'm glad I tried it, but will skip it next time. For my entree I had the Rouladen special (beef rolls with pickle, bacon and onion inside) and a side of spaetzle. It was mouth-wateringly good, and I wish I had a plate of it in front of me right now.The atmosphere was cozy, the wait staff attentive and knowledgeable. Overall, a great meal!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,3/3/2012,24,64,5,6,4>I worked at CTB for like 5 days while in college ( 1000 years ago) ...BUT!, what an operation it is ...Charlie IS a butcher in the ethnic markets in the "Polish - Town" area of Buffalo. He also runs this beef stand near the airport. Cooking huge roast beefs every night, making his own Kimmel-wick buns, and producing the best beef-on-weck I have ever eaten, bar none. Rare, tender juicy beef,, cut as you stand in line. Warm buns, fresh horseradish my God...........They have other stuff too.  Great bread pudding ( while it lasts) great Corn beef ( while it lasts) etc.Not cheap, but you get what you pay for.  I wore the apron and hardhatI worked my ass-offI was proud of the product.Eat here and thank me later!!!!!!I stole this from someone...read! "Well situated for an impatient appetite arriving at the Buffalo Airport, Charlie the Butcher's is an essential stop for anyone who wants to sample the Nickel City's unique sandwich, "beef on weck." Slow-roasted beef, tender and pink, is sliced thin and piled on a hard roll that is crusted with pretzel salt and kummel (caraway seeds). The top half of the roll gets dipped briefly in beef juice. The sandwich is served with only a pickle spear ..."
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,3/2/2012,12,111,3,7,1>This place really is great.  Over the past two years, they have expanded and completely updated their building, including a new banquet facility and kitchen.  What is amazing is that Kirk and Krista have managed to add all the new and expand while managing to maintain the original feel of the restaurant and not suffer in the quality of their food or service.  Not an easy thing to accomplish.The service both in the restaurant and the banquet facility is friendly and attentive.  Food quality remains quite exceptional. Favorites include: Steak Au Poivre, Jerk Pork Sandwich, Wolf Fit Fish.  The appetizers are quite inviting, especially between 5 and 7 during the week when they are half price.  Best appetizers include: Saratoga Chips, Arancini, and the Pizza special.  Also, when they have them, the Crab Cakes (usually Mondays) and the Scallops are fantastic.  It is important to note that many of the dishes are available in a GLUTEN FREE preparation.  Also, I have always found them to very responsive to special dietary needs.Portion sizes, even in the Wolf Fit entrees, are quite generous...you will probably have a nice lunch for the next day.Are they perfect...no.  I have been there many times and have had an occasional issue.  Usually, this is easily corrected by simply informing the server of the problem.  I have never had any of them not make their best effort to rectify the problem.  If I had one area in which they could easily improve, it might be an expansion of their wine list.Finally, Krista and Kirk are both very community minded people who champion a number of causes and who spend a lot of time and money to make things better for others.  I realize that this may not play directly into the quality of the food but I believe it is reflective of the way in which they run their entire operation.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2009,3/1/2012,78,51,2,2,2>Good, no-nonsense Italian food and a cool bar to hang at.First, a little history... My grandpa used to work the door here (back in the day... WAY back in the day) when it housed a bustling night club.Ok, I've been here plenty of times since I was a wee lad, but hadn't dined in quite awhile.  The menu is EXTENSIVE... all your staple Italian dishes, primo pizza, wings, and the like.  They also have a vast selection of subs and specialty sandwiches.  Even if you're picky, you will find something for your taste.My gf and i both chose pasta dishes... which were MASSIVE.  I would normally comment on the taste (i had a chicken penne with artichoke heart dish), but i devoured my meal prior to my taste buds kicking in! You can surely get two meals out of ONE of their bowls of pasta (unless you show up ravenous, like i was on this particular occasion).The bar is spacious and accomodating.  Typical selection, plenty of TV's to catch a local sporting event.The prices don't break the bank, and the servers were very friendly and prompt.  Great location on Elmwood, amongst a strip of unique bars and restaurants.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,2/29/2012,26,72,1,8,5>A good sandwich is the food of the gods, and Joe's Deli makes a heavenly sandwich. Everything from the bread, to the fillings and condiments is spot on. While they do serve delicious versions of the classics, like a tasty tuna salad, they have some truly creative offerings that are not to be missed! Perhaps my favorite is Joe's take on the best sandwich ever created: the bahn mi, a Vietnamese staple that is very hard to come by in Buffalo. While Joe's version is Americanized, the flavors are out of this world. If you are craving a delicious, and creative lunch...Joe's Deli is the perfect spot.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,2/28/2012,119,125,4,3,3>One day I'll learn: sharing a cheese pizza (Quattro Formaggi) is sublime. A dear friend and I had a post-movie meal last Saturday night. We ordered said cheese pizza (incredible!), plus an Insalati di Juliet (the sesame dressing is like no other) and a Romeo and Giulietta (love that the panini here are heart-shaped - awww). Follow this order and you'll never go wrong. I'm used to pressed panini; while R & J's is more like a regular ol' sandwich, the fillings and bread will have you coming back for more.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,2/27/2012,3,23,2,1,1>Da Boot, Da Boot...Straight from the boot!!!  San Marzano tomatoes, fresh basil leaves and plenty of garlic. thin crust..  Waddya say about this Pizza??  The succculent tomatoes,  quality cheeses, JUST ENOUGH olive oil...Tomato Basil Roma NY style!!!!!!!mmmmmmmWOWThis was one of the best thin pies I have had in a long long time..many times I make my own crust because I am fussy..I get the best ingredients, and make a really supurb  pie... this pie takes the cake!!!!  stands up to my home made!!!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/26/2012,19,63,2,2,3>After moving to the Buffalo area from the CNY area, one of the first things I needed to find is a good hairdresser.  At the suggestion of some friends, I made an appointment with Erin at Chez Ann In The City.  After my first haircut, I was hooked!Chez Ann is a clean, professional and relaxed salon.  The staff are very friendly and I never feel rushed when I am getting my hair done.  A women's haircut starts at $45, and I'm perfectly okay paying that much because of the quality of the salon and the services I am getting.  My hairdresser Erin has always done a great job with my hair.  I keep my curly hair fairly short, and she is able to make my hair look sophisticated and modern (which is hard to do with a big mop of red curls!).  Besides doing great hair, she tells me about the classes, hair shows, and photo shoots she does, which only add to her experience and awesomeness.  If you make an appointment at Chez Ann In The City, you will never go to another hair salon.  I've heard great things about every hairdresser who works there, so no matter who does your hair, I'm sure you will be satisfied.  I live in Rochester now, but gladly commute back to Buffalo to get my hair done.p.s.  They have a website where you can book your appointments online - which just makes this place that much more awesome!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,2/25/2012,72,331,3,3,3>This is what a local pet store should be like. Went here the other day to see if they had grain free cat food. Not only did they have some, but they had quite a few choices, and their prices were even lower than some of the big chain pet stores. Staff was helpful, found cat treats that help their hips, that were almost half the price of big chain.Checked out the fish tanks too, nice variety and all looked very clean and healthy. I got a 30 gallon tank I gotta setup. I know where I am going to get my fish when I do.If you have a pet and live in the area you should go here. They are a local small business doing it right.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,2/24/2012,54,288,4,6,5>Reminds me of the Old Broadway Market, way back when.This place is fantastic. The lieberkase never, ever makes it home. The selection of salami is astounding. Today I bought rouladen steaks. Can't wait to stuff and eat them. I also found something I haven't seen in years - onion cheese. My kid was fanatical about this when she was young. Old world attitude and attention to detail. Great sausages, steaks, salads - anything they sell is good eats.This is also the only place that I know of that sells curry ketchup. Worth the drive for me however it would be nice if they had a little satellite location in the Southtowns.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,2/23/2012,2,3,3,6,2>You've got to come try the Blue Monk experience. They have a really nice atmosphere tucked into the north Elmwood scene. Minutes away from Albright Knox and Buff State, Bmonk is a great before or after meet up place to get started. A few words of experience:-Don't hate on the duck fries till you try them.-Stick to Delirium Tremens beer: great taste and high alc content, even bottled. (most tap beer was between $5.50- $9 for a 12oz-16oz)-Don't take a big group, its pretty small in there. We waited 2.5 hours to get a table for 7.Although we didnt like the Duchess de Bourgogne beer, we tried many many beers that were really good. The dunkel hefeweisstephaner was good, as well as some of the more expensive bottled beers like Black Ops. Had a great time. I hope this place can remain consistent, it won't be long before they make a permanent place for themselves among the many legendary buffalo pubs.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,2/22/2012,26,141,9,4,3>This review has been written in dubstep: wub wubbbb wub wub wub wubbbb wubb wu wwwubbbb wuuuuuubTranslation: DBGB (formerly known as Staples) is a great place to get your wub- I mean dubstep on. Now I'm not really sure what dubstep is, but I do know that it has a lot of wubs in it, and DBGB has a lot of it on the weekends. They also have a pretty fine selection of drinks to partake in when you need a little refreshment after wubbing on the dance floor. I got really excited when I found out they served my favorite cherry lambic. They  pour into a champagne like flute (kudos to them for knowing their glasses), which makes me feel like a total BAMF because it looks like I'm drinking a swanky drink instead of a fruit flavored beer like drink
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,2/21/2012,45,6,1,2,3>I was looking for a place for my friends and I to get dinner before heading to the new Main Street Gallery in Niagara Falls.  Caffe Lola's menu was a hit before we even arrived; I emailed it to my friends and they agreed, it sounded incredible.  The place did not disappoint.  Bringing modern style and bold color to Third Street, it has a bistro feel and a welcoming atmosphere.  It's a little different to sit and look at a menu, then order from the counter then sit again, but that hardly matters when you taste the DELICIOUS food.  I order the Quattro Formaggio panino with a small side salad, and my companions ordered another vegetarian panino and a chicken salad.  Each of us really enjoyed our meals; absolutely delicious, good-size quantities, and fresh ingredients.  We split the sweet potato fries, which were out of this world.  There was a maple topping, and almond butter to dip them in.  We finished with homemade chocolate chunk gelato that was creamy, boldly flavored and HUGE!  (Hey, I never said it was a low-fat meal!)  Absolutely great place; I encourage you to give it a try.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/20/2012,19,47,5,7,5>I LOVE this place!  The salads are spectacular.  Especially the Papaya, the Ginger and the Tea Leaf.  The first time I went they added chilis in the salad and it was way too spicy for me.  Now they have the chilies to the side so you can add them yourself.  Just enough spice without destroying your palate for the other dishes.   Everything I have had has been wonderful, but if you are expecting something that tastes like Chinese you are going to be surprised.  The flavors are definitely different.  The use of dried, fried chick peas in the salads is so interesting, and they ground them as a thickening agent for a few of the soups.  Ask for coconut rice on the side - it isn't on their regular menu but maybe if enough people request it, they will make the add.I can't say enough good things about the place.  My only beef is that when we went in last time, there was a strong smell of cleaning products, which I suppose is a good sign - the restaurant is spotless - but the smell kinda turns the stomach.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,2/17/2012,90,142,6,9,4>When I'm in the mood for Puerto Rican food I can think of no better place to go than the Niagara Cafe.  This place is comfort food at its best...in the place where comfort food is best found...a shady neighborhood.  You can dine in or take out and everything I have ever tried there (with the exception of the boiled banana...kinda useless) was delicious.  I think Niagara Cafe makes some of the best Pastelillo and it is a must try for any newcomers to the scene.  Little fried pockets of meaty and cheesy goodness.  I wish there were more places that make Pastelillos and their cousins around town, because I can not get enough of them.As for dinner anything pork related will be top notch.  The Pernil (fried pork bits) or Chelutas (fried (seeing a pattern here) pork chops) are UNBELIEVABLE.  They are crispy and fatty and make me super happy to eat.  I was chewing on the bone like an animal last time and was there...and frankly I didn't care who it bothered.  Plus their Arroz Y Habichuelas (rice with beans) is the perfect accompaniment...and so well seasoned.  This place has all sorts of delicious fried things (including amazing fried chicken) which you can not find anywhere else in Buffalo.  It is the mix of simplicity and tradition, which creates a truly unique dining experience.  There is nothing fancy about this place and you WILL leaved stuffed...you really don't have a choice in the matter.  I found this place to be perfect before a long night of boozing...really soaks up the juices.  So next time your in the mood for fried chicken bits...forget KFC...this place is truly finger lickin' good (sorry that's super cheesy).
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/16/2012,40,9,3,4,2>I love this little joint. With super fresh food, hot & fresh coffee, super duper good prices, and friendly faces all around you've got yourself all 5 stars.It used to be called Comfort Zone Cafe and it had a similar vibe/low price menu so when CZC closed I was sad. Then when I saw it was re-opening with a new name I did not know what to expect. I lived around the corner on Potomac Ave so having a place like CZC was awesome. Little did I know Ashker's would come into Elmwood Village and step it up a notch and be more awesome.The owners/management/cooks are super nice and set the tone right for grabbing a cup of joe and a hot cheap meal. Not only is the food fresh and priced well but it is very delicious as well. My breakfast quesadillas and breakfast wraps have hit the spot every time.Hooray for Ashker's!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,2/13/2012,137,130,10,12,7>After a brief stint in "the restaurant biz" (aka working the fry station at a local establishment over my summer break in college), I thought I knew most things about your standard issue pub grub. Chicken wings, for example, had just two variables: the skin and the sauce. Frank's plus butter equaled mild, Frank's plus butter plus Tabasco equaled medium, Frank's plus butter plus more Tabasco equaled hot, and Frank's plus butter plus a lot of Tabasco PLUS crushed red pepper and/or ground habanero equaled suicidal, atomic, ass-kickin, titty twistin' or whatever you wanted to call your hottest wing. Cook the wings correctly, at the right temp, and perfect your sauce, and you would have a great wing, I surmised......and then I tasted the wings at Elmo's and realized I was a complete idiot.It was at that point that I realized a third variable, flavor and texture of the meat underneath the skin, was just as important as the other two. But Chris, you might ask, how can you enhance the flesh of the wing if it's completely covered by skin? BRINE. I couldn't believe a restaurant would actually go through the effort of brining their wings, but knowing that Thomas Keller brined his fried chicken at Ad Hoc, the idea of brining wings seemed worthwhile, be it a little over the top for pub grub.I'm not going to try to describe the wings at Elmo's, but I just need to say that there would be no debate about whether Duff's or Anchor Bar had the best wings if Elmo's was closer to Buffalo proper.Elmo's would win. Handsdown. In addition to brining, the honey mustard wings are GRILLED, after being fried, to add some char and additional flavor. I wish my mother cared for me as much as Elmo's cares about its wings. Elmo's buffalo sauce isn't overly vinegarry (pay attention Duff's) and as a result of brining, the skin gets crispier and the meat stays moister than when you just throw a normal chicken wing into a fryer. Get a combo with a pitcher of Killian's Irish Red and get ready for most likely the best wings in the country.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,2/12/2012,29,9,1,2,1>Remember the first scene of Pulp Fiction? Two thieves are sitting in a booth at a sun-drenched LA diner, plotting a stick up of the joint. They debate the merits of robbing banks and stores, and decide that if they rob the restaurant they're sitting in, they can steal from both the cashier and the customers. Suddenly the female of the pair stands up and yells to the patrons, and then the credits roll. It's great.When I eat at El Palenque I'm reminded of that movie's awesome cold open, and, more specifically, of one of those old school Los Angeles diners. Maybe it's because the restaurant is a converted Denny's, with loud colors everywhere. Maybe it's because the margaritas and draft beers are served in glasses as big as your face that make you think you should be vacationing. Maybe it's because the Boulevard is as wide as the LA freeway. The restaurant just has that mid-century California vibe. It is at once out of a different era, and cool because of that fact.The food is also great. As soon as you sit down, they bring you a basket of chips and fresh salsa. The chips are not store bought. They are hot and, I think, tossed in the fryer for a few seconds. The salsa rocks. Don't feel bad if you finish them all, or finish the salsa. They'll keep bringing more. I think it's possible you could order a bunch of drinks and just keep eating the chips and salsa and call it a night (or afternoon) (or morning?) but I haven't tried that yet. That said, the menu is very extensive and I recommend you try something off of it. I've only had the enchiladas verde, but they were the best I've ever had in WNY. They're served with guacamole, which I dipped my chips in. The guac was good enough to eat with just a fork though. I think I've ordered the enchiladas verde four or five times. Next time I'll try something different. No five dollar milkshakes though.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/25/2011,2/11/2012,34,12,2,5,1>Our first Korean experience after many times wanting to venture out and give it a go. We're pretty adventurous (I will eat tripe, SW will eat pate) and love us pretty much any ethnic food we've gotten our mouths on. Unfortunately when we went to Korea House we were intimidated. We didn't feel welcomed (no Hello, Hi, nothing) and the menu was all in Korean with no English explanations of what we were ordering. So I researched this place and popped in on a Saturday night around 8:30. A few tables full, mostly UB students and one family - a pretty good sign. Not many gringos, but I attributed it to being as yet undiscovered. And I was right. Friendly gracious hosts - 2 older guys and the lady chef who popped her head out and apologized for forgetting one of our 7 homemade veggie dumplings. The owner (yes, English is not his first language but as Katherine H said, made up for it with food - and attitude!) was very nice, brought out 10 small dishes after we ordered to get us started. A mixture of different kimchees, marinated tofus, seaweed, beansprouts. Nice start. Try them all. I had simple bulgoki bibimbap which came served in a steaming clay pot (ask for the hot pot!) which was great. I think it's called dolsot but I didn't see that on the menu. Marinated beef, rice, some kimchee, beansprouts and hot sauce on the side, and a fried egg on top. Oh how Pittsburgh of them! SW had Dup Bap which seemed to have more meat in it, a bit sweeter and overall good also. I finished her leftovers the next day. Next time I'll try one of the stews recommended here. A great experience.  Quick service and very friendly.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,2/10/2012,0,17,6,10,7>I'm from Buffalo, although I've lived all over the world at this point and currently live in Manhattan. I've lived in several "culinary capitals." I'm adventurous when it comes to food, and I'm not that easy to please. These are the best wings I've ever had. Ever. Forget Anchor Bar, it stinks. Forget Duffs. It's stinks too, and everyone who tells you different is wrong, flat out. Duffs wings are inconsistent, half the time they're dry, overcooked and meatless. Plus, they water down their beer.Not only are these the best wings (you can taste that butter), this bar is great - it should be a Buffalo landmark on par with the Old Pink. Divey in a friendly sort of way. Good beer on tap. And the fries are great. They're so good, that I'm reviewing the FRIES, people.  I took my NYC-born girlfriend here and she thought South Buffalo was the NICEST place in Buffalo - how often do you hear that?I'm almost afraid to review this place, because I like that it's a secret. But I was hesitant to try because I couldn't find anything online, just word of mouth. I'm glad I did. You'll see me here next time I'm in town.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,2/9/2012,12,10,4,4,3>I decided to take my two teenagers here today as a bit of a fun treat since none of us had ever tried boba before.We all had green tea as a base and they got the chocolate/banana and chocolate/coconut blends and I got myself almond/honeydew. Of course we all passed them around to try the different combinations. Having never had boba  before I cannot attest to what the 'perfect' texture of them should be, but to each of us they seemed to be of a pleasing texture, still having some chew to them so they were not all mushy, but not so much that they didn't feel cooked.We also shared two small plates. The chicken mushroom dumplings and the steamed pork buns. Both came with the same wonderful dipping sauce. Everything was absolutely delicious, and it is definitely a place we will return. The food was well made, flavorful, and  the service was very pleasant. I can see this as a place we will return many times. As refreshing as the boba was in January, I can only imagine how much more so it will be come summer.So glad I read all the reviews here first, or we might not have ever found it. It is tucked way around the back of the shopping center.The prices were reasonable (no more expensive than starbucks, and the food was sure a whole lot higher quality!) With out bill coming to $21 for the three bubble tea's and two side plates (with a coupon from the Entertainment book that gave us one item free.)There is already talk of the next time we go, with requests for friends to come along with us.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,2/8/2012,35,689,2,3,2>I was initiated to this bakery after a few of my friends discovered it a while ago. I tend to work in coffeeshops, bringing my laptop and sitting down at a table, while drinking a large coffee. Free wi-fi is a must. And I must say, after discovering this place, I prefer this than the more known coffee shop across the street. Yes, I actually get work done here: it's quieter, the ambience is more relaxed, and there's less chaos. Given the quiet mood here, I have spent hours and hours just sitting down, working, while sipping coffee. Let me say something about the service. It's awesome! You need a plug because the only available table doesn't have a plug nearby? They'll provide extension cords! You are a large knitting group thinking of spending an afternoon hanging out? They'll rearrange tables to accommodate you. It's just impressive, how they take care of their customers. And I haven't even mentioned their desserts. They're just heavenly. I haven't tried them yet, but the way it looks like, it looks quite tempting, and most of my friends have tried and loved it. Let's just say I have quite a strong self-control that I can avoid sweets if I need to. Additionally, they have a gelato bar, that looks really spectacular, and I should say if I were to indulge, I would probably start with that, even though it's in the middle of winter.What else? The wi-fi is actually strong; I only had one incident in which it seemed dead, and I couldn't connect. Other times, it was fine. So yes, I have nothing bad to say about this place. I love the couches too in the inner room. I enjoy this place, and won't hesitate coming back again.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,2/7/2012,61,48,2,9,1>Good sushi, I've noticed, doesn't NEED to be Japanese.  (Please don't tell this to my Japanese boyfriend.)  If the fish is fresh and the cut is right, then sushi can be fantastic in any form.  I'm giving this five stars because, while having eaten better sushi, this is from my experience the best sushi in Buffalo.My boyfriend was visiting from Seattle and I asked him to go to Kuni's with me because, a) he's Japanese and I trust his opinion and b) I'm new here and don't know anyone who likes sushi as much as me.  It was a breath of fresh air to walk in at night and be told that the sushi chef was Japanese, and to see all the sake bottles lining the bar.I asked the waitress to give me whatever the chef's special was.  In my opinion they're 'specials' for a reason, and I wanted to try whatever he was willing to make me.  I had a salmon sashimi salad with daikon sprouts and a plum vinegar sauce.  Not only was it fresh and delicious, but the four pieces of salmon were cut thick and marbled with fat beautifully.  I also got the small sushi plate, and every cut of fish I ate from that was cut thick as well.Afterwards I talked to the chef about where I could go to buy asian food because, let's face it - Buffalo isn't exactly the epicenter of asian culture.  He told me of a few good fresh asian produce places and in general was just really, really nice.  It was a good experience, and I'd be willing to spend my money there again.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,2/6/2012,28,88,9,5,5>This is probably the best neighborhood bar.  Why, you ask?  Please let me tell you.1.) Atmosphere:  You can come with a select handful of friends, just you and your companion for the evening, or a whole load of people and you will have a great time.  Just wanna enjoy a cold draft beer in the corner?  You can do that and no one will bat an eye.  2.) Selection:  some may think there's not enough....enough of what?  Gordon's may not have Golden Tee and Skee-Ball lined up begging you to put your dollars in, but they don't need to.  They are limited in their space, but they make sure to fill it with only the best.  Beer, food, and entertainment (huge TV's).  Naked Matching puzzles on the Mega-Touch, anyone?3.) Prices: From the wings (plump and delicious) to the darts--you can't beat em.  4.) Staff:  From the tall and lanky, to the short and sexy.  Everyone is friendly, funny and fabulous.  Gordon's doesn't leave anyone out. :)5.) Matchmaking service:  To date, there have been 2 happy unions* and one beautiful baby girl* to come from the patrons of this bar.  They can look back and say "It all started at Gordon's...." *Numbers are not official, and are quite possibly much higher than those stated above.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,2/5/2012,14,23,3,4,2>I went here on a last minute decision to expand my horizons of eating by trying Thai for the first time. I had no idea what to expect coming in. When we pulled into the parking lot, we saw people in the restaurant (I didn't go to a restaurant on a date last week because we would have been the only customers in the whole place) which was already a plus by comparison. We waked in and it was a small but elegant place to be. As this place does takeout they asked how they could help us.We got seated and close to my left was a nice arrangement of purple orchids. I don't know if they were real or not, but they looked great. Water was poured immediately after sitting, and it had pre-crushed limes in it, so the water was nice and citrus flavored. I asked about what the Thai-style iced tea was, and she explained it as "tea, sweetened with condensed milk, and it's got a unique taste." The vagueness along with the word 'unique' intrigued me into buying it. She was right in the long run. I'm not sure exactly how I'd put it, it was sweet, and I've never seen iced tea that was reddish, but it was definitely a distinct taste that I look forward to tasting again.Before I go on with the food, I must talk about the menu. I laughed when I saw it, but there's a notice on the menu that says that they add no MSG to their food. I only thought "I'd hope you don't," and it was comforting to at least know that that's what they said. Also, there are asterisks on certain foods on the menu that correlated to a spice scale. The menu said the ratings were from 1 to 5, which is fine and all, but I have to say I was confused when the most stars on the menu I could find was two stars. I ordered the Tom Yum Goong (2 starred), and my date got the Tom Khar Gai (1 star), and then the Pad Sea-Eew (0 stars, in case it the soup was too spicy) and my date got Pad Thai. The soup didn't take long, and it was absolutely delicious. For anyone that might (SHOULD) plan to go, two stars means sort of spicy, not too bad, but definitely enough to get the palate to tingle a bit. It had mushrooms, which I hate, but I ate them anyways because they were soaked in the yummy broth, so it was too good to pass up! My date enjoyed the Tom Khar Gai a lot too. My dish was wide noodles that are stir-fried and then put with vegetables in a soy sauce based dish. It was fantastic, and so was the Pad Thai I sampled. I can't give too much of review on the main course because I don't know anything about southeast Asian cuisine, but I can say it was served quite hot, and well-made.The meal overall was delicious and reasonably priced. I cannot recommend this place enough!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,2/3/2012,202,199,,4,5>Came only for drinks (they serve food until 10pm, but they had a sign posted stating they're working on a late night menu!) on a Wednesday. Very quiet and relaxing inside. Beautiful decor. Small beer and wine list, but after speaking with the bartender and owner they recently got their liquor license. The staff was really friendly and welcoming even though we were close to the only customers there! They seem to be trying to start up cool happy hour events and trivia, which is neat. I really liked this place and can't wait to check them out for dinner.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,2/2/2012,62,99,5,4,3>Quick, efficient, one stop shop for your car care needs....We are spoiled in Buffalo and I'd venture to say many people do not know a life without a local Delta Sonic.  Like Wegman's, you don't really know what you have til it's not there anymore.  It is their policy to keep their gas lower than any gas station within two miles (I think it's 2...it could be 3, I cant remember).  The managers actually have to drive around to check the competitors' prices before setting their own daily prices.Like many Buffalonians, I was weary of the little men in their iconic red fleeces trying to sell me things that I didn't know (or care) about.  When I first started patroning Delta as a naive, beginning driver my frugal daddy always told me to stand strong and tell them "I just want the basic."...whether it be oil, wash, or vacuum.  But slowly over the years, those "grease monkeys" have helped me in a multitude of ways other than their traditional services....free fluid top offs, tire inflation, blown tail lights, buff'able scratches, etc etc etc.  Although they may not be "real mechanics" as another reviewer mentions, they DO know about cars--it's their job.  Many of the ones I have engaged in conversation actually have degrees or specialized training from vocational programs that certify them to do what they do....and I'm certain they pick up the slack for those who may not be persuing a career in the industry.I no longer robotically respond "Just the basic" because I've actually come to realize that the products and services they offer above and beyond the "basic" are actually reasonably priced and worth the extra.Ohhhh...and the food.  Hello!?!  so good...and so unexpected for a gas station!!  Last I checked I couldn't get a Cobb Wrap with a side salad and a peanut butter cup cookie  (washed down with an unsweetened iced tea from...Dunkin!!) while I waited at Pep Boys.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,2/1/2012,20,81,2,3,3>It's a real life "Coming to America".  You have Teds and Theodore's.  It's exactly like Teds, and just as good.  I had a footlong and some O-Rings, and my kid had a dog and fries.  I was never big on Teds fries, and I think these were actually better, they were standard crinkle cut fries, but very crispy, which I surprising liked (I'm more of a fresh cut fan).  Lots of indoor and outdoor seating.  The decor was kind of bland, but it's a hot dog joint so who cares.  This location was packed, and service was a little slow, but worth it.  I look forward to this rivalry, it could almost be like the Cheese Steak wars in Philly.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,1/31/2012,16,336,3,3,4>Solid 4 stars...4.5 if I had that option. If they had a little bit better pricing than I would be in the 5 star range, but they do have great prices on their sale items. They have great gourmet food options (beer, cheese, olive oil, mustard, etc.) and friendly cheese mongers. This is a fun excursion for a casual Saturday. Casual Saturday plan: 1. Go to Premier Liquor. 2. Shop around there. 3. Sample around there. 4. Catch a winemind class if possible. 5. Try not to purchase the whole store. 6. Walk into Premier Gourmet. 7. Sample some more (this time food instead of drink). 8. Pick out some beer, gourmet cheese, olive oil, etc. 9. Peruse kitchen tools section. 10. Leave store inspired to eat (and cook).
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,1/30/2012,149,45,5,4,4>There is nothing better than great Mexican food to warm you up on an cold, blustery Buffalo night. In the background you can hear the mariachi music playing, the clinking of glasses and the lights strung over head. This place made me feel like I was back in a little cantina in Mexico. We got there after the normal dinner rush so we were promptly seated and served our drinks. We started off our experience with their cheese crisp. I didn't know what to expect but when it came out it just made my mouth water. It wasn't soggy or lacking ingredients here. This was the perfect combination of everything. Toss on a little bit of salsa, sour cream and their special homemade hot sauce! Wow I wanted another one! We ordered their a beef taco, two chicken tacos and their chicken enchiladas. There was nothing disappointing here. My enchiladas were served piping hot all rolled up and smothered with cheese on top. I had to start eating them right away even though I knew better... Yup should have waited a few more minutes. The tacos were pulled high with the chicken, or beef! I was very pleased by that. I always hate when places skimp out on these items, I've only to fill it with lettuce. I also noticed the fresh bright colors of the vegetables and toppings used for the tacos. Not something you see everywhere. We had chance to talk to the owner about our meal, his secret homemade hot sauce (he almost told us his recipe) and he mentioned that they have 90 or so different tequilas! So now I have to go back and try a few of them! I'm always a sucker for a good tequila! I will say this, it was a little bit on the pricey side but definitely worth it!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,1/29/2012,19,182,5,3,3>The favorite old standby, Nietzsche's (pronounced Nee-chee's) offers live music every night and for their New Years Eve Extravaganza had four bands and an acoustic entertainer, Andrew Reimers during intermission.We missed Vessel but a $5 cover provided noisemakers and confetti and the rest of the night's entertainment.Also not serving Killian's I tried a suggested draft of Bass and after asking my friend to try it we agreed it was definitely flat.So you know you are in a good place on New Years Eve when the waitress tells you her name is Hope.  She suggested a bottle of Howl and, although absolutely interesting, full of flavor and body, I know future visits will be preceeded with a couple calls to the local venues to see if they have my Killian's. :-)The Queen City Station Band rocked us right to New Years with loud energetic rock.  The countdown to New Years was loud and shortly after the Incredibles came on stage.  With the crowd bopping balloons back and forth and finally people moving and jumping up and down the entire band and patrons joined together to sing Harvey Danger's Flagpole, leaving the troubles of last year far behind with the waitress Hope leading us into the year 2010.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,1/28/2012,22,41,,2,1>If you haven't yet visited Zillycakes on Elmwood Avenue in Buffalo, set a date to get there soon! In addition to creating edible works of art in the form of cake, Zilly Rosen is queen of cupcakes. (She made the famous Obama cupcake mural.) Her shoppe and sweets are delightful. Going beyond fresh takes on chocolate and vanilla, her offerings include an array of seasonal inspirations and all your favorite sweets, cupcake style.I've had some special combinations I'll not forget: chocolate peanut butter banana cupcake topped with PB Cap'n Crunch, a coconut rum cupcake dressed with shredded coconut flakes, and a raspberry cupcake with cream cheese frosting topped with semisweet chocolate chips. There are always wonderful seasonal flavors inspired by the time of year. This past fall, I made Zilly's recipe for pumpkin cupcakes and they're incredible! buffalofoodie.com/buffalLastly, I should mention that Zilly made our wedding cake, which got outstanding reviews for its artistry and its taste. The cake's artwork matched our custom designed wedding invitations. All three cake, filling and frosting combinations were outstanding. We chosechocolate cake with raspberry preserves with chocolate buttercream frosting and chocolate ganache; chocolate cake with raspberry preserves with cream cheese frosting and chocolate ganache; and spongey vanilla cake with European lemon curd with Italian pastry cream and vanilla buttercream frosting. Zilly's baking and design skills culminated in a beautiful and decadent dessert to offer our guests. Thanks again, Zilly!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2012,1/27/2012,11,39,4,3,1>Is it the best place to go for a dog? Nope. No flame broiled dogs here. Instead they're cooked on the same grill everything else, from eggs to burgers, are. The sauce is pretty decent, but no better than any other you would find elsewhere. The bathroom is filthy, and the atmosphere sometimes grim.Why should you go here, then? Well, the key is the people. You have bums and businessmen sitting at the same counter eating their food. Criminals and cops. Cats and dogs, if they were allowed inside. It's a human zoo that serves as Buffalo in a nutshell. This is the kind of dive they just don't make any more, and it's a shame. It's a lunch counter from another time, and may be the best place to have a cup of coffee while reflecting upon your misdeeds the night earlier.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,1/26/2012,15,30,3,4,2>Cole's is an old-school Buffalo establishment that has, in recent years, become the go to beer bar in the city. Yes, you can go to Hardware or Fat Bob's and find very good beer. Yes, you can even (gasp) go next door to Goodbar and find beer that isn't crappy. Still, there is no other place in Buffalo that has such a wide variety, meant to cater to people who either know what they like and have discerning tastes, or people who are honestly curious about the beer world beyond Yuengling, Labatt or Bud Light.They always have a number of very good beers on tap, and they constantly rotate new beers in to keep things fresh and interesting for the seasoned boozer. Cole's also has, on occasion, various beer tastings and other beer related events that bring together boozers of all stripe. One of the things I love about this place is the diversity of the crowd - salt and pepper, if not straight up salt, OG's who have been getting drinks there for decades, college aged proto-beer snobs getting their first sips of the good stuff, white collar types, beer hippies, et cetera.I hear there is a restaurant here too, but I wouldn't know!! Just kidding. I've eaten here before on a number of occasions and haven't absolutely hated it. I dig their burgers.My one complaint as a customer at the bar is that I don't have 110%, absolute rock-solid confidence in the bar staff. I don't believe every one of them knows the beer that Cole's serves. I suppose when I'm at a real beer bar, I expect the staff to know what their customers are drinking. I'm looking for a certain level of expertise, some level of beer education. This isn't a universal complaint, as they do have some good bartenders. Still, I trust my own judgment more and probably always will.Don't let that bit of awful snobbery on my part bother you. Seriously, this is the best beer bar in the city, that is until Blue Monk opens and Buffalo *finally* gets a bar where you are served your beverage in the proper glass!!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,1/25/2012,69,102,,4,3>Wow! What a hidden gem of a bowling alley! I never even knew this place existed until last week. As a belated Christmas gift experience via a roommate we attended the annual Lebowski festival which included bowling at this here establishment. I was impressed, especially after expecting something a long the lines of Voelkers. It's clean, but old school and updated all at the same time. How is that possible? The lanes are fantastic, the shoes I had were brand new. I enjoyed the black lights and music. I didn't get a chance to try the food, but it smelled delicious!One thing I'd like to point out: 25 cent games on Thursday nights with a $5 cover fee and 3.75 pitchers of beer? Yes please! I will be coming back to roll!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,1/24/2012,4,11,4,4,3>Do it.  Ok - I am never (almost never) satisfied with a Buffalo restaurant.  Tempo, though, does it for me.  I will preface this review with the fact that our server was the best we have had in a Buffalo restaurant hands down.  By this I mean, he me all of my server qualifications: was knowledgeable, explanatory, and friendly without being annoyingly up in our grill.  I have since forgotten his name, but I when the matradee asked if we would like a seat up front or in the back, I responded with a "wherever your best server is".  Digressing.  Anyway, we had the carpacio, bolognese, and a salad - all awesome.  Seriously, no complaints.  Shocking, I know.  I would even venture to say that the bolognese was the best I have ever tasted in my 34 extremely Italian years.  Steak for my main.  Seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The ambiance is smooth:  black linens, candlelit, full of bankers (holla single ladies!).  The drinks are of caliber and the deserts are also to die.  Some may say it's pricey.  Maybe. I can't judge. I just don't care about the bill when I am that satisfied.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,1/23/2012,96,404,1,4,3>Went for a cone last night after a concert at Artpark. I was craving something sweet and, YAY, I found a place that actually stays open after ten midweek in Western New York. WONDERFUL special flavors in addition to the usual chocolate and vanilla. And, this is REAL custard... hand scooped. I had the Chocolate Nestles Crunch (!!!) and my snacking companion had Kahlua. I (of course) had a taste of his (just in the interest of full disclosure for this review). The Kahlua was good, creamy, with a wonderfully balanced flavor, but my Chocolate Nestles Crunch was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. Great chocolate custard with LOTS and LOTS of candy crunch. An extra 15 cents for my sugar cone (while usually a little annoyance) didn't really bug me this time because first of all, it wasn't stale. And second, how can I find fault with ANYTHING that held that custard?
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,1/22/2012,49,130,,7,4>This place is fascinating.  As I can see on other reviews of Ruzzine's on Yelp, our trip started at Grover's, wanting to check the place out for the first time out of general curiosity.  We were, of course, greeted at Grovers (or, well not greeted at all) by a full restaurant and nobody willing to show us where to wait or what to do.  And that ends the talk of other restaurants in this review....ANYWAY, Ruzine's is directly across Transit from the aforementioned place, and it looks like someone's house that was renovated and had a bar and patio tacked on.  Parking was easy in their side lot, and the entrance through the side door brings you to a bar room.  It's a dark little room that contained what looked like some happy locals having their post-work drinks on a weeknight.  I think I might have seen a dart board in there, and there was a hallway out to the outdoor patio.  Seeing that it is Winter, I can't quite review the patio area.We were seated immediately, and the place was fairly unoccupied.  The server took our drink and food orders pretty quickly, which was refreshing.  Their menu was a typical Buffalo dinner place - mostly pub food with burgers, wings, and some steak and seafood entrees.  The menu isn't huge, which is nice as you don't need to spend too much time choosing.  The prices are fairly low as well.The atmosphere inside this place is pretty cool - it's an old school slightly run down (but not dirty) Victorian house that has been converted to a restaurant.  There are multiple dining rooms in addition to the bar and patio, and that makes a more intimate experience.Our food came out relatively quickly - burgers and wings.  The burgers (7oz) were pretty large and well mad, and I can't imagine how a single person could eat the 12oz burgers that were on the menu.  I am a VERY picky wing eater and absolutely loved their wings (I order hot and saucy).  They were the perfect amount of crispness and their sauce was hot (not QUITE hot enough..) and flavorful.All in all we were very satisfied with the meal, and equally satisfied with the prices and friendly service.  We will be back to Ruzzine's at some point for sure!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,1/21/2012,94,917,3,5,6>Lucky Dogs (owned by Lagniappes) is in constant contention w/ Whole Hog sitting in the Holly Farms parking lot.  You can see it in their tongue-in-cheek chalkboard messages beckoning patrons to visit an actual stationary storefront rather than the food trucks that are slowly beginning to take over their business.  While I can understand where they're coming from, I still am in strong support of the food truck revolution.  Simply, if you're worried about ppl taking your business, create a better product.  It elevates everyone's game and maybe working together would be a solution rather than seeing them as competition.Anyways, I had to get food from both last night to fulfill my 4am gluttony.  Lucky Dogs was pretty much as I expected - a more creative menu than Louies, frankly (pun intended) a better sausage, and an overall cleaner environment.  I'm a big fan of Pink's in LA and this is as close as it gets in Bflo.  Though the dogs were small ($4 got me about 6in) and I finished it in about 5 bites, they were packed w/ flavor.  My Guadalajara dog (my staple @ Pink's) was delicious topped w/ onions, tomatoes, relish, and sour cream.  They have an extensive hot dog, burger, and specialty menu (ex: hot dogs wrapped in tortillas, again a la Pink's) to satisfy anyone's fatassery.  Only negatives are the size of their dogs and their hours (9p-5a now so adjust accordingly).  Hopefully they can work symbiotically w/ Whole Hog in the future.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,1/20/2012,132,190,2,5,4>Bacchus is fabulous. Hands down the best dining experience I have ever had in Buffalo. My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here and being that it was held on New Year's Eve, the restaurant opened 2 hours early JUST for us! We had the entire restaurant to ourselves for 2 hours on a holiday! It was amazing. It was special. I am so so so grateful. The decor is warm and inviting. You feel like you're in Napa instead of downtown Buffalo. It's a very charming restaurant with a romantic, intimate feel. Perfect for a date, a special occasion, or just a great meal with friends. It's perfect.And the food! OMG the food! Every person in my party was raving about the menu selection and how perfect everything was. Choices included a sea bass, Filet Mignon, roast chicken, butternut squash risotto, or swordfish. The appetizers consisted of a delicious mushroom soup (one of the best things I've ever eaten, I almost licked my bowl like a hungry puppy), a pear salad, or classic Caesar. Desserts were a chocolate torte, apple tarte, or selection of gelatos. Even though it was the night before my wedding- I ate as though I had been lost in the jungle for a month and surviving off of grubs. And I loved every minute of it. I stuffed my face with one course after the next with only the occasional pause for an "mmmmmmm" and a "holy crap this is so good I can die now." Obviously, being called Bacchus (The God of Wine- duh!), their wine selection is amazing and if wine isn't your thing (who are you!?!?!?) there's a full bar as well. Everyone was enjoying their selections. We bought a few bottles as well to give as gifts to some of our guests. They were incredibly happy about that.I made sure to personally thank the chef and the owner for such an amazing dinner and for the unbelievable service they offered me. I was blown away that I got such a VIP treatment and so were my guests. Everything about this meal and day was stellar. It ranks right up there next to my wedding as the greatest day ever. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,1/19/2012,50,167,4,10,5>This Jewish chick had no idea what kind of wine to bring to her first Easter dinner.I found my way to The Wine Room, where the owner (who was quite friendly) offered some complimentary wine advice."What is the wine for?" he inquired."Easter dinner," I replied."What are you having?""Oh, um...""Well, they'll probably serve ham, right?" he suggested."Sure, why not?"  I was fumbling in the dark, pretty much.He picked a moderately priced bottle of rose off the shelf and explained that it would go perfectly with ham.  After that tutorial he helped my husband and I pick out a dry white to enjoy on our own.If you have any questions about what wine to purchase, or even have some questions about your old favorite, I highly recommend stopping in and chatting with the owner.  He knows his stuff, and he has a great selection.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,1/18/2012,51,88,5,12,6>I have tried out yoga at a couple different locations over the years and as I honestly wasn't that active of a person outside of biking and walking around the Elmwood Village, it was tough to really get into. I felt overwhelmed and lost in all the classes - whether the instructor ignored me or tried to help me, and I never really continually made it a practice.This past summer,  I signed up for East meets West's "Intro to Yoga" 6 class series - and it was just what I needed. They talked about the foundation of yoga philosophy a little, breath quite a bit, and work-shopped everything you really need for a vinyasa class, and a lot of ashtanga as well. This class was in July-August and I honestly feel that it changed my life. Yoga really does amazing things for my body, energy levels, temperament, and general stress. I actually have noticed a big change in the strength of my core and arms as well! I'm getting better all the time and want to live a better lifestyle to supplement my practice. I'm now attending classes 2-3 times a week, and the instructors make me feel happy to have East meets West as my yoga home. I have tried other studios since becoming a regular yogi and still find the most satisfaction from East meets West, though I enjoy trying out other places without feeling totally lost now.On top of the physical aspects of yoga, I feel like they offer a place for the spiritual aspects of it - the teachers are obviously knowledgeable about the philosophies behind the breath and alignment practices that are so important. It comes out in the practice, even though talking about it in a normal class is limited.  It is a happy medium between completely focusing on the physical or being alienating to those who are not religiously committed to yoga.It's amazing how in a few months I feel like I don't know how I went without yoga before. I'm so grateful to have East Meets West.
