<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,11/25/2014,205,512,2,5,2>Southpark Eats Alternative(SEA) is a weekly food truck rally located in the parking lot behind Panera Bread every Wednesday from 11-2pm.  The trucks vary and alternate weekly......so it's usually about 7 trucks one week and 7 different trucks the next week.  I recently started working in the area so I really look forward to trying different trucks every Wednesday.  They also support the local food banks by collecting can goods once a month along with other events.Some of the trucks include:Tin KitchenChrome ToasterMaki TacoRootsBleu BarnRoaming ForkCupcake DeliriumMaster BaconKing of PopsKO Ooowee BBQMaryland CrabComfort Food on WheelsSouthern Cake QueenSmax FlatbreadBelly BackersLibretto's Pizza
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2014,11/24/2014,137,460,4,5,4>Why not 5 stars when the food is pretty good?  Well, the food at Stacks is very good and I love the bacon (and I don't often eat bacon).  I always eat my share of pancakes and will certainly drink my share of coffee.  I am granting 4 stars because the food is good.  I will note that the seat cushions in the booths (maybe all) are in dire need of an upgrade.  They are well worn.  In addition, when someone sits in the neighboring booth (behind you), you feel every movement.  This became aggravating during my recent visit.  I switched sides with my daughter only to have someone come in 5 minutes later and sit behind me.  I would love it if they would small plate breakfasts on the weekends like they do during the week.  I really can't--and don't want to--eat all the food they bring.  And I hope they learn to keep the biscuits fresh even if it is one hour before closing.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,11/23/2014,57,290,12,7,7>This is some good ol' Korean homecooking!  If you've come a-knockin' looking for the newest trends of truffles atop your kimchi pancake, you can't appreciate the slight doughiness they have here.  Looking for accomodations? Here's a plastic white fork that ostracizes you from the thicket of chopsticks.  At least this place's got ambiance, right...it really sets the mood, right?  Riiiiight.  Splashes of yookgehjahng soup up on my shirt is dead sexy.  Though-despite all its quirks, this place is endearing and serves up some pretty darn good Korean food.  Came here with some buddies who had never tried PePeRo BeFoRe... sorry, it gets addicting to type like that.  We just ordered a bunch of food off the menu and shared everything.  I thought everything tasted pretty good, but not spectacular.  It's like eating at your friend's house where the Korean food just isn't as good as it is at home.  Here, the daejeegohgi is pretty juicy and tender.  Mandu is okay.  Jjambbohng had plenty of seafood.  But when you put everything together - it hits the spot. PePeRo can definitely hold its own and I see many a craving satisfied with Korean food here. Now only if they served soju and had a karaoke machine...dmo out.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/22/2014,161,76,4,5,3>Their sign mentions ice cream and onion rings, but I go for the burgers. The place feels like a diner, but you order at the counter then find a seat. If you can find a seat. There is seating outside, but August in Charlotte does not always make a comfortable outdoor eating environment. The burgers taste like they are grilled in your backyard over a charcoal grill. There is a list of toppings on the menu board, ala 5 Guys. But for a couple of dollars less than 5 Guys, and just as good. I haven't tried other selections on the menu, it's a double Mr K with lettuce, mayo, grilled onions and jalapeno peppers each time I stop in. Keep it up Mr. K!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,11/21/2014,115,242,3,3,3>Of all the places I've worked out, I would say although probably the hardest, I've had the most fun working out at Flywheel. I've only done the cycling classes, but I'm sure FlyBarre would be equally as difficult. Most classes are only 45 minutes long, but you definitely get your workout in. I always leave sore and totally sweaty but with a smile on my face. From the instructors who motivate you through the entire class to the club like music and dark ride, it makes working out dare I say... Fun?
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,11/20/2014,216,466,5,4,3>Must stop in!  Very unique finds!  Not hard to find right off Independence.  You will find furniture and decor for your home from antiques to newer items.  Some prices are negotiable - just ask!The owner is so sweet she will lend you blankets if needed to help with the transport of your larger items - just make sure you return them :-)We purchased several items and can't wait to stop in again soon to see the new finds. Also on sale are local smaller items like honey and soaps.  This place is a gem!!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,11/19/2014,876,4126,13,17,16>One of the better Chinese buffets in the Charlotte area, this one has a pretty decent selection of sushi items and the remaining hot bar items were tasty and varied. Yep, even a few things that have nothing to do with Chinese food like mac & cheese.My only complaint is that the times posted on the glass above the sushi were never updated. We were here at close to 2:30 but the times were all marked "10:58" and we did see several items refreshed.The map pin might be in the wrong place. They're located at the corner of North Tryon and McCullogh, south of WT Harris.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2014,11/18/2014,43,53,1,4,5>Great pizza. Great service too. The calamari and the alfredo was good too. But the pizza was definitely the best. Hence Libretto's "Pizza" I guess. The mozzarella on the Tuscany was really good. Dried tomato was also good. But my favorite was the dough. It was thin, chewy and just right.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/17/2014,125,274,1,6,5>Well look what came to Matthews.....FINALLY.  A Dominican hair salon!!!  Yay!!!  I won't tell you how I stumbled upon this place....ok, so what I was checking out the new Donut Shop but what a gem of a salon I found in this non-assuming strip mall on Monroe Road!!  So, now I can grab a donut before getting my hair blown out by the best?  Too good to be true!!I knew it was a matter of time before these salons started to pop up all over the place and it is finally happening.  Travelling all the way to South Blvd was becoming quite taxing for me so therefore my hair suffered.  Now, this place is closer and just as good as their competitors if not better.  The owner is friendly, professional and passionate.  You can tell she really knows her stuff.  She offers everything a full service salon would offer and some great products for sale.  This salon is NO frills..  You are not going to get pampered and you are not going because of the trendy lighting or funky chandelliers.  You are going to get your hair in good shape---shiny, silky, and smoothe.  I'm excited to have Kelly's in the neighborhood!  Grab a donut and swing by--you will be glad you did!  :)
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,11/16/2014,252,134,7,10,5>Wow...what an interesting experience. I knew the food had to be good if people are willing to traverse such treacherous terrain for a sandwich. I had to swerve around craters, I mean potholes, in the parking lot and then walk through what appeared to be an abandoned mall in a third world country to reach the restaurant.Once inside, I felt a sense of relief. The restaurant was clean and the staff were very friendly. I had the #6: a pork sandwich with pickled veggies and fresh cilantro for $3.75. OMG, what a great deal. The sandwich was simple, fresh and delicious for under four bucks. They must be making their money on sodas. My can of coke was $1. But I can't complain, the meal is the best value I've gotten for lunch in years. This place takes hole-in-the-wall to a whole new level and I love it! It's cash only and most people order take-out.  Add this place to your list. The food is fresh and fabulous.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,11/15/2014,358,52,6,13,8>Right now, at this point in time, this might be one of my favorite burgers in Charlotte. I hesitate writing that as I live for burgers but this place really made an impression on me. To start, the lady that took my order was incredibly helpful, and that pleased me. I must have looked confused because she chimed in with some of her favorites, some great options, or letting me know that I can create my own. So, thats what I did. I created and ordered a double, bacon, swiss, avocado, and mushroom burger with sweet potato fries. As I read on the menu, and what struck my fancy, is that the burger meat is from the "highest quality, Black Angus whole muscle cuts of short rib & chuck, produced by NYC's own Pat La Frieda!" I like that they are conscious of the meat they are using. I don't know if it's where the meat came from or what, but it was delicious. It was very very juicy and flavorful and I had a hard time putting it down and breathing during my bites. Also, I liked the toasted bun and the fries were so good, not soggy or cold and the perfect compliment. The amount of food was more than decent and the presentation of the food was cute with the little cutting board and basket of fries. It also came with the 'bang bang' sauce, which I didn't use on my burger but did dip some of my fries in it and it was good but I wouldn't want to take away from the burger by using it too much or pouring it on top. The other menu options look pretty tasty, I have to try the pork belly burger, and the other specialty burgers all look appetizing. I will say, food and service is a 5 for me but the place itself is probably a 4. It's on the smaller side and is an order upfront, get your drink, sit down and then they bring it to you, smashbruger, type set up - but smaller. When I've gone there were only a few people and still felt myself having to consciously maneuver around, so I could only imagine how it would be with just a few more people. If you like burgers, this is a place to go!!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,11/14/2014,8,114,7,5,2>I think you could sum up the next 30 years of my life in Huntersville as a constant internal battle over one critical question: La Unica or Azteca?My loyalties have been with La Unica since I first experienced it at its old location off Sam Furr Road and have continued at its new, larger location. But then Azteca entered the battlefield.Azteca has great food and great service, but most importantly it has GREAT DRINKS. Strong margaritas, huge beers, good tequila. Everything you need for an excellent Mexican(-American) dining experience.The only downside to Azteca is the location--a bit off the beaten path, although it's nominally near Northlake Mall. Once you find it, it's remoteness is actually kind of pleasant, but it could be a dealbreaker for folks not committed to an above-average Mexican meal.I have to give Azteca 4 stars for now--but this battle is far from over. I will see you on the battlefield.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,11/13/2014,57,80,2,4,4>What are you looking for? Boating, fishing, picnic, trailing or biking...well you'll find it all here. The park has been revitalized in the last couple of years and the improvements have made it a better, safer, family friendly park. I spend a lot of time here to relax and try to fish but honestly i do better getting my fish from the supermarket. Bring the family or hang and with friends and enjoy wasting time at the lake. I however do not recommend swimming near the dam, too dangerous.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,11/12/2014,37,76,4,6,6>OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD!!So many options - So many Tacos!! And you can order all different kinds - as in singles - plus they are so little ordering 2 or 3 encouraged : )The cilantro french fries are the best in town. The Mexican corn is good too, but spicy.Best Tip about this place: They have outdoor seating, they have roll-up garage style windows if it's nice out. *Side note, be sure to check out the bathrooms.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,11/11/2014,75,55,1,5,3>WOWWWWWWWWWW.....This place is amazing -- It has to be the best gelato in town!! If there is ever a day that I leave the Charlotte area, I will miss this place dearly. I've had gelato all over NYC and this place tops it!This place was recommended to me by my friend Paul and oh boy did it live up to the expectations. The staff here is super friendly and they actually encourage you to sample. I tried 5 different flavors and they we all delicious (coffee bean, vanilla bean, hazelnut, stracciatella, lemon ricotta). I ended up getting a medium size cup with hazelnut and stracciatella and it was just absolutely AMAZING. The store is small but there's seating outside as well - it's also spotless, you can find a spec of dirt anywhere. I haven't tried gelato anywhere else in town as I just moved to area, but I'm confident in saying that this is one of the best, if not THE best gelato spots in town.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,11/10/2014,156,54,1,10,5>Again by pluck & happenstance I've stumbled into a soft open and have been richly rewarded. This smaller, hipper edition of Yama will be for those in search of bold & experimental flavors. Do not come here for California rolls & Sapporo. Think quail egg, monkfish liver (the seafood equivalent of foie gras), and a wasabi raw octopus dish that's sublime in balancing flavor versus texture.The decor is contemporary with elements of traditionalism. There are a few booths along the wall neatly separated by hanging thick strands of rope, primarily seating is tables with comfortable chairs at the bar meant for holding the human body for dining. It is not your typical Japanese restaurant in a strip shopping mall.Like the food the bar has a focus of uniqueness and being different than surrounding offerings. Saki will be a strong point.Food is split between small plates (where vegetarian choices are limited), yakitori, and entrees where ramen is featured. Depending on the small plate ordered you'll get 3-6 items so sharing is the goal. The pork belly is so good you may not want to. On a stick items come in 3s. Ramen lovers may no longer need to commute to Pineville as the broths are made each night for the next day and the deepness of flavor shows. The serving size is generous, so commit to 2-3 small plates or ramen. You'll be too full for all. Later look for a number of specials to capitalize on unique ingredients or the chef's creativity.Prices are are reflective of the higher quality ingredients but not outrageously so. It's a step up in experience for the neighborhood but you won't feel it was overpriced.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,11/9/2014,179,499,2,10,4>So Miquel's is definitely a perfect definition for a "Hole in the Wall" but let's be honest those places clearly have the best food. As a self proclaimed Mexican fanatic I was excited to see just what this place had to offer. We started with the chips and salsa and they were classic. The chips were warm and crispy and the salsa had just the right amount of kick! My friends and I ordered a little bit of everything...fajitas, shrimp quesadillas, tacos, rice and beans. Everything was delicious...and the portion sizes were perfect! Add to that good service and super reasonable prices! I'm absolutely coming back.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,11/8/2014,54,320,4,5,6>YUM!  As a lover of PF Changs Mongolian Beef, Pei Wei makes a spot on version quickly.Arriving on a pretty Friday in spring, I was one of the first people in around 11:20, but by noon the place was packed to the gills, the Ballantyne crowd must really like their quick Chinese food, and while this is quick Chinese food, it is of better quality, and along with that a higher cost, than your typical Chinese takeout joint.Parking lot is a hot mess. Spots are the new norm of slightly larger than a compact spot and you have 90% of the lot as SUV's and minivans, so be prepared to crawl into a back window to get into your car.You have a combination of people who work nearby and appeared to be on a time constraint and Ballantyne housewives who have nowhere to be and all day to get there.  There is also a small subset of people who have never seen a Coke Freestyle machine before (the same people who start getting their shit together at the ATM once they are in front of the machine and also write checks at the grocery store still).Inside is LOUD.  There is the clang of the woks, the chairs scraping across the hard floor and folks talking.  LOUD.  Walk along the wall to the counter where you will place your order and get a cup for your drink and a number to put on your table.  Someone will bring your food to you.The food:Mongolian Beef with white rice ($9) - Exactly the same as the PF Changs version, only you don't get to see the giant horses on the way in.  It was a nice lunchtime portion, and arrived SMOKING hot to the table.Snickerdoodle cookie ($1) - soft and snickerdoodly.  Drink - Coke Freestyle machine - SCORE!  I was very happy with my cherry ginger ale.I work and live closer to PF Changs, and since they now have lunch portions for very reasonable prices, that include a cup of soup, I will probably not frequent Pei Wei, but should I find myself in the area, I definitely would not hesitate to try some appetizers and get another delicious order of Mongolian Beef.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,11/7/2014,73,204,1,4,4>Such a hot day!  My craving was for a light, chilled salad, and Dish delivered.  Fresh, crisp greens and yummy blue cheese dressing, complete with a biscuit.  So much for gluten free; I ate that biscuit and enjoyed every soft,  buttery mouthful.  We also ordered a serving of their deviled eggs as an appetizer that were riddled in unctiious creaminess.   My husband devoured his vegetable plate as well.  Decent wine and beer selections with prices that don't require one to take out a loan.  Impeccable, speedy, polite service.  What took me so long?  5 stars it is!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/6/2014,182,166,4,7,5>Ok, I love this place.  Is that what you want to hear?  I really, honestly, truly love this restaurant.  "What makes this place so special?" you ask.  For me this place is the perfect marriage of great service and great food, and aren't those the very reasons we go to all these restaurants in the first place?  Service. & Food.  The food was nothing short of pure, delectable bliss.  We (my dad and I) started with a few drinks and the New Orleans B.B.Q. Shrimp, "Sautéed with Butter, Garlic, Beer and a Variety of Cajun/Creole Spices".  It contained, 5 juicy, succulent pieces of shrimp; swimming in a small bowl of "cajun/creole spices"  for $8.95.  Very spicy + very tender = very good.  Don't forget to dip your bread in the broth!  For the main course, my dad and I split the Shrimp Diane.  Now the Diane sauce contains, "Mushrooms, Garlic, Butter, Green Onions, Parsley and Queen's Magic Spices sautéed together. Moderately spiced and served over Rice."  They give you the option of splitting it for only $5.00 more bringing the entree price to 23.95.  Certainly not cheap by any means, but well worth the cost.  The best way to describe the taste, is to image garlic, butter, onions, and a bunch of "Queens Magic Spices" working harmoniously to perfectly marinate the shrimp with the rice keeping things from getting to sloppy.  Its Cajun food at its finest.  At that point, things were so good we just HAD to get dessert, right??  We decided to order the pecan pie.  I mean, pick an adjective - amazing, spectacular, splendid, etc.  It was served to us warm and moist (that's what HE said - LOL), as if it was just taken out of the oven, with dab of whipped cream.The service was on point from start to finish; from the valet to the host/hostess to the super friendly bartender upstairs.  Everyone was really kind and polite. What exactly separates the staff here from other restaurants?  Its all in the details...for example, every single person said, "be with you in one minute" or "be right with you".  No one ever ignored us, or expected us to wait until we could be helped.  My drinks (adult/H2O) were never empty. We didn't have to think/worry about parking.  There was a plethora of condiments, hot sauces, etc to satisfy even the most particular taste buds.  Bathrooms were immaculate.  They had live jazz.  ...See what I mean about the details?I'm hooked.  I'll be back very, very soon, maybe even tomorrow!  I love this place.  There.  I said it!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,11/5/2014,31,89,,4,3>Banh Mi and Pho Uptown? Well, sign me up.So far I've only had the pork sandwich with the Pate added. It was one the most delicious sandwiches I've had in a while. Caution though, it does pack a bit of a kick. But at $4.50, it is a steal!100% I'll be back. Especially when it is colder out. That warm Pho is going to hit the spot.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,11/4/2014,153,79,4,6,2>THE SUMMIT ROOM: Go. Don't just sit there, GO. Go on! Get up! Go! You can read my review on the ride over.This is probably the best new restaurant Charlotte's seen in a couple of years. Not only is the everything on the menu upscale, trendy, local, and fresh, but the prices are SUPER reasonable and the service is A+.We went on an early summer evening, so we couldn't resist the urge to sit outside. The patio area is incredibly charming, with hanging lights and a view of a quiet part of East Blvd. The inside of the restaurant looked very pleasant as well: there were a lot of wooden services in lighter colors with a lot of light coming in from the outside. Very welcoming.Speaking of welcoming, our server knew the menu backwards and forwards and could describe each dish beautifully based on his honest opinion of the food. A server who tells you what's in each dish is good, but a server that is honest about what s/he likes is worth their weight in gold. It paid off.We weren't chomping at the bit for food, so we went straight to the main event. I ordered the mussels and the BBQ shrimp, while my companion ordered the stuffed cod. Everything was fantastic, but it was the BBQ shrimp - which we split as an appetizer - which was by far the standout. The shrimp were extra fresh-tasting and quite large. They were slathered in a smokey BBQ sauce and served atop a sweet and luscious corn pudding. A touch of tasso cream on the side made for a great dipping sauce when desired.The mussels were quite tasty, with the innovative twist being that they were cooked in a broth made with Olde Mecklenburg Brewery Copper Ale. They were served with some stewed veggies and some grilled bread, which, let's face it, is the REAL reason why everyone gets mussels. The mussels themselves are always wonderful, but dipping the bread in the broth after you've polished off your mollusks is like touching the face of Poseidon.The stuffed cod was quite good. The scallops stuffed inside were a wonderful touch and the fact that this glorious combination of seafood was only $24 made it impossible to turn down. The cod itself is presented beautifully in two pieces - you can see the pictures in this restaurant's Yelp profile - and comes with a candied lemon wheel and arugula butter. Both these accoutrements can make this stellar dish even better if applied sparingly. The one thing I didn't like about this dish was the size of the sweet peas in the scallop stuffing. They were a bit to large and mild, so they ended up distracting from what might best be described as a sonata of flavors. In spite of that, the dish was still quite satisfying.Okay, you've read my review and now (I hope!) you've pulled up to The Summit Room and are about to enjoy a fantastic meal. Bon appetit.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,11/3/2014,27,83,2,3,3>The black bean veggie burger, as ubiquitous as it is, is very good here. The chipotle mayo and the addition of the avocado and salsa send this burger over the top. The fries, either regular or sweet potato, are superb--nice and thin so they get really crispy. Although oddly enough the regular fries taste a lot like McDonald's fries. Hmmm... :-) I've also had their strawberry milkshake. I swear I could drink one everyday they are that good.I've gone to this place as much as twice a week, so this has become my new go-to place when I'm too lazy to pack my lunch. The staff is ALWAYS super nice and get my order right every time. A great place to visit!!!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/2/2014,116,275,2,7,4>I finally made it to Sabor and overall was pleased.  Having never been I wasn't sure what to get so I may have ordered the wrong thing, however, it was good.  I was debating between a 3 and 4 starts, however, based on the shredded chicken I am going with a 4.  I ordered the Taco Salad with extra pico and shredded chicken. It comes with rice on the bottom, lettuce, pico, cheese, sour cream and cilantro. They also include bean, refried or black, however, I chose to get the beans on the side. And, the refried beans, so fresh and smooth. I absolutely loved.  Overall I was satisfied with my choice, but after seeing the photos on Yelp and the others diners around me I am going to have to get back to try a taco and definitely an arepa.  Downfalls, there was a longer wait then I expected with only a few other diners at the same time and the chips were stale, and the seasoning just tasted bad, like they were day old or something. Definitely nothing to be excited about, although I did get them free for "checking in" on Yelp. I look forward to getting back again soon and will update my review on the other menu items.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/1/2014,19,104,3,3,3>We came here for a little snack while waiting for our coffee on Friday. See my review for Not Just Coffee.We ordered the individual pulled pork explosion to split between the two of us. Took about 10 minutes to cook and came out right to our table with some slaw on top (just like a pulled pork sandwich).The pizza was amazing! Decent price and great location.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/31/2014,249,585,3,7,6>Can't believe I've never been to Snug Harbor until the other night...Upon walking in, I thought, what a small spot; however, I checked out the back patio & was pleasantly surprised. There of course is a nice patio out front, as well. My big brother & another MC were performing for the monthly Knocturnal series. The sound system is really nice & booming & there is enough room on the stage for a dj setup & performer(s).The bar seems pretty decent & had two bartenders serving. I didn't partake in any drinks, so I can't speak on the bar service. Parking may be an issue, as Snug Harbor shares real estate with other popular spots in Plaza Midwood.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/30/2014,92,370,4,7,5>Nothing else like it in Charlotte.  The best juices and living food within 100 miles.I was quite dismayed when I pulled up today and Luna's was no longer there.  Then I turned around and saw they just moved across the parking lot.  A much better location with more outdoor seating.  Still the same love being put in to all the juices and drinks.So many amazing options to choose from, but this time I just went with the chillied chai.  I should have gone for a berry smoothie, after I tried somebody else's, but no complaints on my end.  My chai was smooth and almond milk creamy.  Just the little kick I needed to continue my day.Not to much to tell ya on this one as I didn't get any food, but will be back soon!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,10/29/2014,21,19,3,9,6>This is a great little spot for lunch.  It's small but they have a great menu, the portions are good and you can't beat the free ice cream.  I'm a fan of the ribs which are meaty, smokey and cooked to perfection.  On a recent visit we came in and placed our orders and got to the register and the owner was there.  She asked if we were ordering drinks and we said yes and she replied "It's hot outside, drinks are on me, ladies". Unexpected and absolutely what we needed since we had just left another establishment which provided the worst service and brought a smile to our faces.  It's little things like that which make you want to go back because it shows that they care about their customers.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,10/28/2014,94,181,6,5,6>Upping it a notch to FIVE STARS....Why? Well, we had a Charlotte Wine Appreciation group Meetup here this past Thursday night, and it was $5 wine night! ALL wines were $5. And they did NOT scimp out on the pours. They really did a GREAT job in handling the large crowd they had even though they were short staffed. So kudos to Nicole the bartender/waitress. I felt really bad for her at first, but she finally got a little help and the ship was righted......The ONE thing that Management MUST do is PROVIDE MORE FRIGGIN MENUS! How could a WINE BAR only have like THREE MENUS available for a large group? Come on people.....Print a dozen or so. Hell use a copying machine. We DO have the technology!!!!!!! GRRRRRRRRR (Only criticism of the place for that evening.....not enough to remove the final star though...)Anyway, back at the ranch.....before the wine drinking festivities began, I was STAHHHAAAVIN so I got the menu from 131 Main (of which they are affiliated with, thankfully) and Nicole recommended the Prime Rib Sandwich. OH MY.....GOOD CALL! Very scrumptuous.....super tender. I didn't even need teeth to eat it! It practically melted in my mouth! THAT good. Came with Au Jus and fries, which were good but a TAD TOO thin....while I like shoestring fries, these were more like Dental Floss fries.....I even had trouble picking them up. BUT THEY WERE GOOD! So no real complaints there.....just whining. :-)Now that my belly was FULL, I started imbibing for the evening. They have a limited but well selected choice of wines, and I chose a variety of them for the evening. At $5 for generous pours, it was a great night!Finally, I met some awesome new friends here thanks to Yelp! Marco and Allyson met up with me and my friends, and we got to know one another while drinking delicious wine. What a great evening! Can't wait to do it again.Cu I will SEE YOU again soon! :-)
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,10/27/2014,65,242,1,8,4>Indian food is almost always expensive, so I won't even bother to complain about that.  But the food here is good and they accomodated a special request, so for that Copper gets high marks.  The SAMOSAs are as expected.  Potato and pea wrapped in a nice fried crunchy dough. The chutneys are tasty.  Nothing out of the ordinary or that you couldn't get anywhere else (or make at home).CHICKEN CHETTINADU is not for the faint of heart (or palette).  My colleague was warned that the base was spicy, but she scoffed and said she loved spicy food.  Fast forward 20 minutes and there was sweat dripping from her forehead and her eyes and nose were watering.  I tasted the gravy, and thought it was great, but I didn't try to eat a bowl full of it.  All entrees are served family style, with rice added to the table.  We also got a bit of naan free but ordered extra with the meal.  No salt or pepper on the table, but they're happy to bring it if you ask.The ZESTY VEGETABLE BHAJI side was interesting.  Long julienned pieces of mixed vegetables, including beets, all mixed with a dry spice rub.  The traditional vegetarian menu offers PANEER MAKHAWALA, which is a red gravy similar to tikka masala or butter gravy.  Very rich and flavorful but not too spicy. I asked to substitue cauliflower / gobi for the paneer, and the chef nicely complied.  Overall this was a very tasty and well balanced dish.  The service was great, and the interior of the restaurant (located in a very old rehabbed house) is unique.  For people looking for more Indian options, try the University area.  It's full of great Indian hole-in-the-walls.  My personal faves: Persis (everything is good, but the Gobi 65 is amazing), Tulips (varied weekend buffet and good a la carte ordering) and Passage to India (great gobi manchurian and weekend/lunch buffet).
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2014,10/26/2014,102,232,4,2,2>Randy's is an absolute must for true Carolina BBQ. In this little town of Troutman were restaurants come and go as fast as the seasons it's wonderful to see one stick around, especially one this good.Forget all the BBQ standards out there. Sure, hushpuppies are good. Slaw is good (to some of you, but not to me). And fries are a staple. Yeah yeah, Randy's has all of that if you're hooked on boring. However, they've also gone the extra mile (many more than one) to really beef up the menu from something as simple as that. For sides they've got a seemingly endless selection beyond fries. Tater tots, onion rings, home made chips, pork rinds, and more. And with the BBQ, again you can always go basic. Or, you can get a big BBQ sandwich on a sesame seed bun with the red slaw (vinegar, not mayo based - me likey!) and a side of chili-cheese tater tots. They've also got Nathan's brand hot dogs which can also be ordered fully loaded at standard size and foot-long. And if you're on more of a health kick, they do have BBQ salads.The staff is friendly as can be, laying on that southern charm as thick as their drawl. It's also not uncommon to see the owner walking around to say hello and catch up with the regulars and newbies alike. He's even known to pass out free pork rinds on occasion. Prices are completely reasonable too. The only small issue I take is with the fact they only let you pay with cash or check. I'm not sure their reasoning behind this, though I'm sure I can guess it has to do with fees levied by the banks and credit card companies. Still, that doesn't keep me from coming in here when I do have cash on hand. If not for the cash requirement, you can bet I'd be here at least once a week.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/25/2014,15,160,2,7,5>You know that yelp is a useful website, when it makes you aware of a place that just opened down the street before you even realize it. I will say that the Daily Press is subtly marketing itself and you could easily walk by the Evening Muse without even noticing it.That being said, the wife and I have been there a handful of times now to try an array of coffee drinks that have been creatively thought out and crafted. From cold brew coffee to a "butterbeer" latte, to exotic beans used for pour over coffees, we have tried a good variety of drinks. It's basically open during the day when the Evening Muse is on downtime. They also have a produce framers market on Saturday morning that we will have to check out sometime. The drinks are all expertly crafted, which means other than the cold brew, most drinks take some time to make. Especially if they are busy, be prepared to wait a little for your drink. With the relaxed environment and the location, which allows you to observe the corner of 36th street and North Davidson street, there should be no rush. Enjoy your time there and chill out. We can all stand to stop and smell the roses, and the coffee of course.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/22/2014,12,79,3,4,4>Go for the drinking atmosphere, not the food!Great neighborhood drinking spot. Big porch with many TV's and corn hole.  I don't think I've been inside with the exception of using the restroom.Wednesday night Trivia at 8 pm is always a good time. Great beer specials (all draughts $3) and burgers are half priced, though, I don't think they are that great.Parking is usually a pain, but you can get away with parking across the street.Again, this is a fun place to grab a drink with friends, but I wouldn't expect a delicious meal.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,10/21/2014,104,419,2,8,4>We loved La Unica in their old location and we finally made it to their newer, bigger, fancier location.  We live near the place and driving by in the evenings and looking at the packed parking lot, it looks like they will continue to be successful.The food was as good as it always was and the only ding I'll give on this review is the service was a little slow and it took a while for the food to come out.  That was never an issue in the previous location and we went many, many times.  We continue to be glad that La Unica remains so good and so close!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,10/20/2014,165,779,4,3,3>Took my turn at visiting this new place just last weekend and was impressed.  The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly regarding the menu options as well as being attentive but not overly so as to annoy.I chose a couple non rice/low carb options and while I've tried these types of rolls at other places, Eight really got it right.  This is the old Bask place but they have really transformed it via some very unique artwork by a local artist and given it a very trendy vibe.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,10/19/2014,128,184,6,4,5>I love this baseball field.  Definitely not that big by any means, but its new, super clean, and the bathrooms smell like mothertrucking cinnabon.  $11 for a sam adams "mason jar" which you can refill with miller light for $6 cha ching!  There are some craft beer options as well and the view of the city is stunning.  Hopefully they will add 10 more decks and make this a pro team in 2036!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/18/2014,151,1019,5,5,5>We stopped here on a recent trek with the Party Pedaler.   While we only here long enough to gulp down two beers, the service here was far better than many other local watering holes.  Our server (I think her name was Brianna) was amazing and very attentive.  Anytime we needed something she was right on it.The beer selection was great with many of the local breweries represented and many different styles to appeal to everyone's tastes.  The crowd was very diverse as well. I'll definitely have to come back here in the near future.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,10/17/2014,87,175,2,5,2>This is Charlotte to me!  Local produce, chefs, and people.  I could write a nice long lengthy review here but I think it would serve you best if I just told you that it is in my top 3 favorite places to hang out and get lunch, coffee, and unique locally-made gifts.  Not Just Coffee -- 10 out of 10.  (See my review)  Best coffe, chai, tea in Uptown.Local Loaf -- 9 out of 10.  Fresh baked bagguettes and all around unique sandwich choices.  Fresh made on the spot chips and cucumber salad.  Try the steak sandwich - WOW!The deli counter, the wine store, pure pizza, the fresh local produce, sushi....  They have it all!  If you stop there for a bite, you will thank me.  And whatever little gift you cant find for that one neighbor that you need to get something for.  Head over to the shop that sells unique blends of spices, popcorn, and teas.  Bam!  Count it!Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,10/16/2014,87,274,1,6,4>They earned most of their stars simply by not flinching when my friends and I walked in one night last week at 9:40pm looking for dinner (apparently they close at 10pm). While hostess was MIA, I walked up to the empty bar, and asked if they're still serving. The gentleman in chef uniform said "YES, kitchen is open until 10pm" with enthusiasm. I wonder if it would have been the same if it was a host/hostess greeting us instead. The "chef" sat us out at the patio per our request, soon after we were greeted by our waitress.  Service in general was great considering our untimely arrival. We ordered a collection of dishes. The scallop entrée ($27) was fabulous. The 4 scallops were perfectly seared. The poached lobster small plate ($13) was small, and quite frankly the potato gnocchi stole the show. I could just eat a plate of the gnocchi instead (and ideally be cheaper). I am a foie gras newbie, only had it once before, and I found this one to be relatively tasteless. The duck confit offered great flavor, but the duck leg was surprisingly dry. The steak tartare was probably the best tasting and sizable appetizer out of all that we ordered. Overall it was a very enjoyable dinner. And I appreciate a restaurant that knows how to welcome business instead of turning us away. Solid 3.5 stars for food, but extra 0.5 star for great attitude.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/15/2014,35,92,8,10,5>This place is amazing. By far the best food and drinks I've ever had. And it's in Charlotte! And so close to my house. The food here is seriously like sex in your mouth. Everything is delicious. This night I got to taste a friends lobster soup and I swear I wanted to jump in the bowl and live in it. I haven't had anything here is didn't like. Example cold meat plate. I would never order that but it's amazing. And of course the lamb skewers are incredible. Better than a filet. Truffle fries, well yes please! This place need to never close down. And don't get discouraged by your long wait. It's totally worth it. In fact order as much as you can with a friend or many friends and share. Taste as much as you can. I haven't had the brunch but that's hopefully going to be my next visit.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,10/14/2014,41,54,6,6,4>Woah!  Let me TELL you that THIS is THE place to eat!!  I had some of the most amazing and unique soft-shelled tacos ever!!  The short rib taco was my favorite.  Very sweet and meaty!!  Let me tell you how much I hated the parking though!!  There is no parking area for the restaurant since it is a corner building. There is free valet, but we weren't interested.  So, we tried parking in the Harris Teeter parking lot in from of the CLOSED businesses who obviously do not need the parking spaces.  We were met by an ancient security guard who was actively chasing people down harassing them about not parking there if they were patrons of the new restaurant.  This man literally would yell across the parking lot at people and chastise them about why they were parking there.   NOT cool for business in the Dilworth area, and if I had a closed business there, I would want people to park there for a free advertising opportunity!  This would allow customers of the restaurant to see businesses they may not otherwise know were there!!  Anyway, the cocktails at the restaurant were beyond amazing.  The atmosphere was dark and had drop lighting using old fashioned bulbs that gave the place an awesome ambiance.  The waitstaff were very new, and needed to look at notes when they were asked questions, but they are new and so I don't blame them. I'd rather them know rather than guess!!   Plenty of TVs to watch, but the music will drown any sound out!  Fantastic experience and I plan on coming back MANY, many times!!Also, this place had no desserts. So you will have to fill your sweet tooth some place else.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,10/13/2014,18,140,5,4,5>We chose Nan and Byron's for our Mother's Day brunch, and couldn't have been more pleased. The setting was casual enough for our 4-year-old to not be a distraction, the service friendly, and the food outstanding.The buffet choices included a terrific selection of dry-rubbed chicken wings, shrimp n' grits, and meatloaf, along with fresh fruit, sliced salmon and much more. I found myself going back more often than I expected, and walked out completely satisfied. With a convenient South End location, spacious patio, generous beer selection and wonderful food, Nan and Byron's will definitely be on our go-to-list of great Charlotte restaurants.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/12/2014,98,165,3,7,3>Disclaimer: I am not accustom to dropping $85 for a meal unless it is a special occasion.   This is a very high priced joint.   Notice I did not say overpriced, you are paying for a premium.   This is all local food, wine and craft beer.   In fact, if you look at the supplier list, they are all at the Davidson Farmers Market.  Okay, here we go.   Nothing about Fork is average.   Ultra classy and upscale.   The setting in the old house, front room bar and outside wrap around porch dining are perfect.  The staff rates top notch.  Awesome setting for a romantic date.Food.  My fellow Yelpers, I read most of the reviews and ordered exactly what everyone recommended.   Spicy chicken eggroll, pork chop and lobster mac n cheese.   I even got a side of ghost chili.I can honestly say 100% without a doubt, it was the most tender, juicy and flavorful thick cut pork chop that I have ever had the privilege of devouring.  The ghost chili rocked my world, on a scale of hotness 1 to 10, it was a 15.  Eggroll just spoiled me, the local Chinese aint got nothing on it.   The lobster mac n cheeses had cheesy flavor explosions on my taste buds.Sadly I will not go back, but I will miss it!!!!!!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,10/11/2014,54,66,5,6,6>I love sushi.  I think this is a great modern restaurant in a hip and up and coming area of the city.  For starters I stopped by the bar to wait for the rest of my party.  I had the cucumber crisp martini and it was so good.  The bartender cautioned that it was mostly vodka with some muddled cucumbers and a little simple syrup, so that makes it not too sweet.  It was so refreshing and a great start.  The bartender was also fabulous and had I not been meeting a big party, I would have dined with him at the bar top.  When our party all arrived we were seated and ordered a variety of apps.  The calamari and beef tataki were my favorites.  The calamari is flash fried with sauce drizzled on the top.  It has a touch of spice to it and heat on the back end, which I loved.  The beef tataki was seared perfect, but it did have some cajun type spices on the outside which I wasn't crazy over.  But the sliced cucumbers on the plate with it were amazing.  They were drenched in ponzu sauce and if I had been at home I would have licked that plate!  For the main course I chose the Christmas roll (topped with shrimp and avacado) and also a few pieces of nigiri.  Overall the food and service was great.  Everything is decently priced and in keeping with other sushi restaurants in the city.  The atmosphere is great and we went on a Sunday, which wasn't too crowded.  But during weekend nights I can see it getting quite crowded.  Overall a great place for food and drinks!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2014,10/10/2014,50,110,3,3,2>I have been taking my babies here for years and never had a problem.  They always came back happy and healthy at a reasonable price and always pass the sniff test.  I am one of those people who insists on no bath for my pups because I want to know what they smell like. It's a sign of how they were treated.   I pay for a suite for my pups. They have a bed to share off the floor. They get time out side and up front with the staff, and they are do happy when they come home. The last time I brought them I thought my oldest dog had a uti. I gave them meds and left. They Called in a panic about  other pup saying he was peeing blood.  They sent him to the vet and put him on his meds st no charge. Such a sweet gesture. I could not be more greatful.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,10/9/2014,105,53,3,4,6>I read reviews for another location awhile back and was horrified. I was seriously afraid to try this chain. It's new to me, but the description of their pizzas was so tantalizing. So, I felt like it was my duty to put on a brave face...and try it for myself.Surprise! It was delicious! I tried the meaty deep dish with garlic/buttery crust. It was a little oily but the flavor was DELISH. I ordered delivery, (we all feel a little lazy sometimes) and when it arrived the carrier apologized for being late. I hadn't even noticed! But he was kind and polite and assured me the pizza was still hot.I opened the box to a scrumptious looking deep dish pizza and honey BBQ wings. Everything was yummy. The meat to cheese ratio was acceptable and the crust was crunchy, buttery, awesomeness. Guess what!I will try them again! Go on, everyone. Have no fear. Jets Pizza is a new favorite pizza delivery spot!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,10/8/2014,28,100,4,8,3>Excellent service,staff was friendly and attentive. Banana Pudding pop is cute and delicious !!! We had the ck tenders basket and dry rub wings basket. The corn bread is sweet and scrumptious.Cole slaw is fresh and lightly dressed but nothing special about it. The chicken is really moist, not dry at all unlike other wing places. The breading is light.The dry rub wings is okay the meat is moist but the size is smaller compare to B dubs.Fries are crispy and well seasoned.  They have sauce bottles and a big roll of paper napkins on every table. However for spicy lover like myself I was disappointed that non of their sauces are spicy.  Personally I like the bourbon sauce the best, the hubee sauces resembles chipotle ranch. Island jerk has a hint of smoky flavor.Overall it's not bad, I will def come back for their tenders and that yummy banana pudding pop !!!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/7/2014,30,135,1,5,5>I've been to The Vinyl Pi about 4 times now. My husband LOVES the pizza. Set in the parking lot of a gas station, The Vinyl Pi is a big hit even though it's kind of hidden in the plaza. I enjoy the bar seating area with the dark wood and upscale looking bar. There is another room with themed booths in the back, but we haven't sat back there. It feels a little closed off. The menu has choices for everyone. We have tried several pizzas, the stuffed pizza rolls, the hot habanero garlic wings and the fried Brussel sprouts. I hate all vegetables but had been recommended the Brussel sprouts. They were amazing! Get them. The pizza rolls were good, our favorite pizza so far is Black Frances and I almost died of hot mouth from the wings. The times we've been there has been live music, good live music! The servers are attentive and helpful in decoding the somewhat confusing menu. Opened by the same people who opened Cork and Cask in Cornelius, the prices are a bit high (especially if you build your own pizza) but thank goodness not as high as the Cork. We will definitely be back to The Vinyl Pi.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,10/6/2014,54,199,5,4,3>I've been to this location a couple of times for take out. Fast, friendly service! Reasonably priced and good flavors. I really enjoyed the Gaeng Dang with chicken. The first time I went with a 4 spice level and it wasn't as hot as I expected so the next visit I upped it to a 5 spice level. As I told the guy on the phone when I ordered, "what the hell, it's Tuesday, right?". None the less, I took it home anticipating my mouth catching fire, well it didn't. I was disappointed until I had the leftovers the next evening. That's when I located the 5 spice level at the bottom of the dish. Wow, it really brought the heat! Lesson learned, eat the whole damn thing in one sitting! Looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,10/5/2014,498,511,5,10,7>Kids will lose their minds over this place.  Parents may lose their savings. :)This is not a resort for anyone who is looking to get away from kids or spend a luxury spa weekend or for anyone seeking quiet time. This is a place for families with kids or teenagers looking to have some water park and activity fun in a crowded, loud and family focused atmosphere.Bring your own beach towels or robes. The towels provided in the water park area are small and scratchy and you will be wet most of the time.Bring water shoes, flip flops or water crocs.Leave your fancy clothes and shoes at home.Bring the kids water goggles but not floats or noodles - they are not allowed. Life vests are provided for weak swimmers or small ones.Bring more than one bathing suit for each person. You can hang them up to dry, but you will be in the water A LOT, so it's smart to bring a lot of them.For ladies, bring your cover ups and easy clothes. You are going to be in and out of the water and it's great to be able to just throw on your cover up and go to lunch - then come back and get into the water again without a lot of hassle.GET A CABANA! For the days that we were there all day we paid to get a Cabana - it is worth the price. You have a little tent where you can leave all your items - you have a waiter who brings you your food/drinks along with a cooler with pre-stocked drinks and loungers and a table. You also have a dedicated outlet and a television. My Mom spent the day in the Cabana while we were in and out of it playing in the water. She was actually on her lap top most of the time that we were playing. (69.00 on off days and 99.00 on peak days)Enable your wrist bands for charging. It makes it very easy to charge anything you need on your wrist band and not carry a wallet or credit card. The bands are also your room keys - really great idea for this sort of park.Pay attention to the room type that you book. They have some rooms with bunk beds and others with more than one bedroom. My niece and nephew LOVED the bunk beds in the kids camp room - it even had their own little tv in there. They spent a lot of time in that little room.IMPORTANT: You won't be able to get through a stay without your kids wanting to play MagiQuest - they will need a wand and a game set up - this is about 45.00 per kid. (the wands come with a standard topper, but the fancy toppers that light up are 15.00 extra FYI)  So just budget that in because the kids all running around casting their wands at everything in all the hallways will definitely make the kids in your party want to play. It's actually a fun thing for them to do once the water park closes or as a break from getting soaked. Late check out can be purchased for a fee (60.00 or so), but you don't really need it - if you get up early and take your stuff out to the car and put your change of clothes in a locker - you can use the water park and magi-quest (if you purchased that) all day and then change in the dressing rooms and head out any time you want.There are limited restaurants in the resort, but you are right next to the mall and there are several family places right near by if you don't mind driving a few minutes. The Loose Moose is the main dining place for breakfast, lunch and dinner -and they also have a pizza place, a dunkin donuts and an ice cream shop.A cute thing to do for girls is get a mommy and me pedicure at Scoops Spa - it's an ice cream themed spa for kids. My niece loved it.There is something for every age. Little kids have the fort and a toddler play area and the outdoor pool. Teenagers will love the extreme water slides and the basketball hoops in the pool, there is an outdoor area for sunny days and our favorite pool - the wave pool - 4 foot waves every 5 minutes or so..  my niece and nephew spent most of their time in there.The Tornado slide was insane - don't do that unless you are fearless.The River Run was great for family groups and even small kids (with an adult).The Racing Slides were a lot of fun.And the Tube rides were great as well.My complaints:No Room Service! = BOO!No Pay per view movies = BOO!No all day breakfast restaurant = BOO!Pull-out sofa bed was horrible, had to get a roll away = BOO!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,10/4/2014,28,98,1,9,6>Everyone and their brother recommended Fahrenheit, so I chose that for my birthday dinner. It also did not disappoint. The food was perfect, the service was excellent. But even if both had sucked, the view of our beautiful city would have helped make up for it.Graham ordered beer, I had a cocktail, the '2nd Ward', and it was made of Muddy Rivers Rum, fresh pineapple juice, Rotham and Winter Orchard Apricot, & Kassatly Chtaura Orgeat, and it was delicious. It wasn't overly strong or super sweet.For an appetizer, we had the Ahi Tuna Wontons with pickled and candied Fresno peppers and peach. I loved this, Graham wasn't as impressed. He said his bites didn't have any flavor. I thought it was a wonderful combination of spicy and sweet; but it could have used a little more salt. He also picked his cilantro off and gave it to me, so I have no sympathy for him...Some of the reviews for Fahrenheit complained about portion sizes, so I was a little concerned before we ordered. Portion sizes are always something I worry about. I don't want a meal so huge I feel miserable, but I want more than one scallop, two mushrooms and a piece of asparagus (*ahem* Savoy 1620 *ahem*). When our meals came out, my fears were laid to rest. Both of our dinners were good sized portionsFor my main course, I had the salmon (of course). This was King Salmon, with wasabi mashed potatoes, blood orange saikyo miso and pickled cucumbers and carrots. This was AMAZING. The salmon was huge and perfectly cooked. The potatoes had just a hint of wasabi, but not enough to be overwhelming. I gave Graham a bite, and all the flavors together reminded him of a sushi roll.Graham had one of their specials: the tempura scallops. This came with asparagus, fennel and a tomato aioli and was just as delicious as my salmon. I've never had fried scallops before, but they were wonderful. The scallops were huge & perfectly cooked, and the aioli was the perfect compliment.This is an excellent place for a special dinner. The service was excellent, the food was amazing, and you can not beat the view.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,10/2/2014,141,117,1,6,4>I found Cafe Elie after buying a Living Social deal for a wine and painting class. I came with a group of friends and we each brought our own wine and came ready for laughs and a unique and memorable experience. It was! Elie (pronounced Eel-ee) is the owner and is originally from France. He has been painting and showcasing his art since he was a teen. He now spends his days enjoying the arts (mostly painting) and sharing his talents with others. His shop is in an unassuming strip mall (on Main Street in Cornelius, near Davidson, just past Habitat for Humanity and just before Carolina Cones and the YMCA). He provides all kinds of classes, painting, drawing, sketching, etc. He provides private lessons, as well as group lessons, and my favorite (I'm not an artist!), the Sip and Paint classes.He occasionally offers Living Social or occasional deals, but if you call ahead and have a group coming, he might give you a good deal (hint). On Thursdays and Fridays at 7pm he hosts these BYOB (or BYO-wine) events. He provides the easels, paints, brushes, decent sized canvases, and everything else you could need. Plus I believe he sells/serves coffee and espresso. The class lasts 2-3 hours. On his website, you can see which paintings he'll teach you to paint. They look intimidating but he makes it look easy and you always leave with a great piece of art made by you!!On Wednesdays and Saturdays at 4pm, he hosts 2-hour BYOB classes, they're shorter and less expensive, but smaller canvases. I'd recommend the ones on Thursdays and Fridays.He also has a brand new high tech giclee printer. For those that don't know, this is basically a printer that can print anything on canvas and in a quality that most would genuinely think is an original painting. He can even do this with photographs in excellent quality on canvas... And at a great price.He sometimes seems to go fairly quickly to keep pace, but he walks around and helps when it's needed. If you need more time or help, just ask. I went back tonight with my husband and it was like our own private class, with wine and plenty of laughs and smiles.I'm planning on going back with a group of friends from my neighborhood. Trust me when I say we have no artistic abilities and can get a little silly at times, but we had a blast and were all pretty impressed with our final product. I highly recommend it!!!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,10/1/2014,43,208,6,7,5>We came to kickstand for a Wednesday night because we heard it was trivia night. We arrived around 7:30 to get a good seat and boy, did it pack up quick. We ordered a really delicious bbq chicken flatbread and a bottle of wine to keep us company while we took a stab at the trivia questions.I have to say this is the best trivia night at any restaurant around the area that I have been to. What is great about the trivia here is that they had a mix of questions that anyone could answer (e.g Candy Slogans). I actually left trivia night not feeling like the dumbest human being in Charlotte. The only recommendation I would suggest is that they read off the top ten names for every round, since we spend so time marinating on a humorous name.Definitely need to come back here again for trivia night and a delicious meal.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/30/2014,18,43,8,3,5>My go to place to buy a miscellaneous something for a lady. Cause ladies be lovin' useless crap that's cute and/or smells nice.Don't get me wrong, guys like nice smelling things too, such as ladies.Although I have never bought a candle for myself from here, it is on my bucket list. Paper Skyscraper does have a lot of candles, but there are also many other items of the bauble variety. There are leather bound journals, unique cooking accessories like sake serving sets and rubber glow-in-the-dark spatulas. It's heavy on the drinking accouterments, such as odd wine stoppers or leather wine botas.  Trés classé. The products range from home decor, soaps, unusual books and greeting cards to games and puzzles.Unfortunately, the website doesn't do justice to the variety of items here, so you'll have to get up off your dead ass. Here that Millennials? Still gonna have to interact face to face with somebody until you figure out a way to download food.A great thing about this place are the Charlotte specific items that are available. Any time I know someone that's moving away, which happens a lot (am I right?????), I go there to get them a local memento as as way of saying "Have a nice life! Now scram! Beat it!" Charlotte is a hard place to get items that are specific to its locality. Unlike New York or Boston, its unlikely to find "Charlotte" post cards or snow globes at the corner pharmacy or gas station. Paper Skyscraper has postcards, magnets, small change purses, coasters, playing cards, etc. with the "Charlotte" name and the Charlotte skyline. Good gifts for your favorite Charlottean (if you happen to find one) if he or she likes being from Charlotte. Personally, I hate where I'm from. In keeping with that theme, there is artwork for sale by local artist David French. He paints civic scenes in and around the city & often uses Van Gogh motifs in his work.There is also a dog hanging out in the store which is awesome and so non-corporate. I love it. It's hard to go over all the minutiae at Paper Skyscraper, but if you're stuck on a birthday or anniversary gift, you'll have to check it out.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,9/29/2014,92,226,1,5,4>Whaat? Where have you been the last 17 years, Burrito Factory and why didn't you send a tweet/carrier pigeon/smoke signal when you opened? My husband and I ventured down South on a grey Sunday, but it was all smiles and sunshine in the Burrito Factory. The owner was super friendly and walked us through the whole menu and told us his story (we asked). I was so excited to not only have a place with several delicious homemade salsas - some without Cilantro - HALLELUJAH!!, but also California style burritos that as far as I know aren't anywhere else in town. For me, the most exciting thing was that they had Sopes. Not sopa (soup) but Sopes, which is kind of like an ultra thick corn tortilla fried which is used as a base like a tostada. It's only made in certain parts of Mexico, so until now, most of the Mexicans who owned restaurants in Charlotte were from non-sopes territory apparently. At the factory, they top their sopes with spiced pulled chicken on top of the beans and I usually like mine with ground beef, but they're so nice I'm sure they'd customize. They also had a number of really good looking salads that I will definitely try. Even their chips are delicious, and their tomatillo salsa and an orange creamy chipotle sauce is to die for. In addition, they had flavored waters (like uncarbonated soda) and the pina colada was really delicious. We got a horchata to go as a dessert. :)It's exactly what you want a burrito place to be - fresh ingredients, unique combinations, great salsas, fair prices and delicious salsas. Perfecto! My only complaint is its location, but word on the street is they're looking into a location somewhere closer to uptown (Dilworth maybe)? Can't wait!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/28/2014,117,110,1,7,5>Oh. My. Gosh.  A.m.a.z.i.n.g.Everyone is right.  This place looks sketchy.  It's in a strip mall, not very big, crowded, not well lit, but the sushi is fantastic.I went in for lunch today. I was in the Matthews area and this has been in my Yelp bookmarks for a while.  It was a little crowded when I got there around 1pm or so.  I was seated at the sushi bar, there are only 4 or 5 seats there.  They are so quick here, I had my water and was asked if I was ready to order in no time.  I panicked a little as I was scanning the menu, trying to order something I had read a review for on here.  I ordered the Ichiban Spicy Roll and the spicy salmon roll.  I was looking at everyone else's plates and the guy next to me got the Valentine Roll and the rainbow roll.  They were very pretty.  The man a few chairs down recommended the Double Taste roll if you like something spicy - it has a sliver of jalapeño in it.These rolls were delicious!!! Hands down, some of the best sushi I've ever had.  They tasted very fresh, and held together well.  The Ichiban roll had some heat to it, but not so much that you missed out on flavor.  And the spicy salmon was packed with fish!!  I will definitely be back here for lunch, date night, grabbing a quick bite, with friends, etc. ;)  don't let the atmosphere scare you off.  Excellent food, quick service and cheap prices!  This is totally worth it.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,9/27/2014,33,134,1,5,4>This is not the place to go on a date, if you eat like me and don't want to feel like a bloated cow. If you're going to have a salad, then go for it but why would you just have a salad when you could have amazing food and leave feeling like you can't breathe?! A group of 7 of us came here on a Saturday evening to celebrate a birthday. We sat down thinking that we'd each order an entrée however after looking over the menu we decided to let our waiter decide what we should nosh on. The waiter ended up bringing us a sampling of homemade ricotta, truffled eggs, preserved swordfish, stuffed padron peppers and some bruschetta. He also brought us a bowl of the risotto of the day and the most amazing meatballs I've ever had!! After munching on these samplings I knew there was no way I'd be able to eat of plate full of grouper which I originally was interested. I ended up ordering a plate of 2 meats and 1 cheese and was very satisfied. I also had a sampling of the creamy polenta which hands down was the best thing that I ate during my dining experience. When I come back I will order the meatballs and polenta and will be highly satisfied and full!!! I am a HUGE fan of Good Food on Montford and was very impressed with this sister restaurant. I will be back!!Side note: The parking in front of the building is VERY limited. Park on the side streets behind the restaurant.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/26/2014,10,112,1,6,4>This was my first trip here and it was a delightful one.  The owners/managers were extremely friendly and asked how our food was.  I had the chicken pita with baked fries that were amazing!  They were so tasty and if you didn't know they were baked, you would think they are fried.  They don't have a freezer or deep fryer so everything is made fresh to order.  The pita bread is made fresh daily and the hummus has a touch of local honey to sweeten it - a pleasant surprise. The portions aren't skimpy so you shouldn't leave hungry.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/25/2014,126,906,5,6,5>So... gallery + alcohol = great time.  I checked this place out with a buddy the other night.  It was his birthday so I was thinking more "traditional" bar scene to bring in his "new year," but we checked this place out instead.  Located right underneath Soul on Central (so be careful since the delicious wafting of food smells will attack you on the way in).  Twenty-Two is a really nice gallery space, and surprisingly enough, had a bar area in the back.  They serve craft brews (on tap!) and some unique drinks.  I definitely also noticed some high grav beers... so good!I was immediately drawn to the straight, simple lines of bar and their smart use of concrete tables.  Very modern, but simple enough to let the art be the star of the joint.  This particular night, they were still setting up for a gallery unveiling that weekend.  The installment of "Just another Naked Monday" was going up.  An interesting collection of nude portraits done in various mediums.  I hope the show does well since you can't really get much more personal than a nude ;)The bartender had selected music from The Brian Jonestown Massacre... so it made for some really nice atmosphere to check out the art and to enjoy a few brews.  From what I heard, I need to check out Boardwalk Empire since the show's theme song is one of the bands songs.  It's great to see a nice art space, with good people, and people that know what they are doing.  Definitely will add Twenty-Two to my list of regular places I go to drown my adult-life sorrows and get some culture while I am at it.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,9/24/2014,20,35,8,8,7>OH MY GAWDDDDDD!!!!!Go for brunch or regret all your life choices.  I went on Sunday with three of my friends and I couldn't decide who's meal was better because everything we ordered was fantastic. Even the coffee was above the cut. I had a chicken biscuit that made Chick-fil-a taste like crap. (and I LOVE chick-fil-a) The bacon was crispy and thick, defying all  logic, I know. Anyway, the real reason I'm even writing this review is the cheese grits.Let me say this again GET THE CHEESE GRITS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!! I left the restaurant in the cheese grit euphoria... unlike food high I've ever had. My friend and I were having an overall tough weekend and we both agreed no matter what happen for the rest of the day, nothing could bring us down from this grit could 9. The bathrooms are individuals, which I like. No listening to other people's convo's while you do your business.  They have outside seating and a FULL BAR.If you're a panther fan, they have a super signed hemet behind the bar!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,9/23/2014,53,155,3,4,5>Let me paint the picture. We are obsessed with our Chihuahua. When I say obsessed- I mean we have had a painting commissioned after him. A typical Saturday is centered around him. HE WALKED DOWN THE AISLE AT OUR WEDDING. We are obsessed. We decided to change our vet due to their prices steadily increasing to the point that we could no longer justify going there. Our amazing, perfect Chihuahua ended up having a series of problems. We also brought in our other Chihuahua who can be a demon dog and attack.1. Oona was INCREDIBLE with the demon dog. Not one problem. This dog is known for being evil. He loves Oona.  You have to be confident and firm with him. 2. The amazing Chihuahua is deaf and difficult to calm. I felt horrible. Oona knows our obsession with this dog and saw some possible problems. She wasn't able to help him- but referred him to another clinic. I LOVE THAT OONA DID THAT. She was able to say "I can't help with this- try these people, I trust them and they have the right equipment for this..." instead of pretending to be able to fix it. That made me trust her a lot more. She also repeatedly called and checked in with us while he was getting worked on.3. The environment is excellent. Kelli and Pamela also work there and they are incredibly friendly. Everyone in the office genuinely loves animals. They don't want to screw you over. The want to fix the animal.4. It is so inexpensive. Incredible prices in comparison to all of the other places we looked into. It is inexpensive AND excellent service. I highly recommend this vet. My amazing Chihuahua is healthy and happy. I would only give him the very best.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,9/22/2014,89,238,8,10,9>There are many choices for doggie daycare in the area. There area  few my pooch and I rotate between but our pick for proximity and the amount of joy he displays when we pull up is hands down Club Fetch.They are attentive while making sure the pooches are active and safe. They do a terrific job of posting photos of your pup on their Instagram and Facebook which is such a treat while traveling or just at work. If you live in the Southend or Dilworth area give Club Fetch a try - plus it's not far off 77 if you work uptown and live in South Charlotte.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,9/21/2014,72,68,1,6,6>One word: Brisket.Oh my, Sauceman's has some mighty fine brisket. And their onion rings are pretty damn good too.I can't say a whole lot about the rest of the menu because I'm a creature of habit when it comes to Sauceman's but I'm fairly certain that everything else is going to be good.  Pay attention to their hours - I usually visit at lunch but if you're hankering for some good brisket for dinner, either get there early before 6pm on Monday-Thursday or you may have to wait until Friday or Saturday to get your brisket fix for dinner.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,9/20/2014,1034,436,4,10,7>Let's talk about the many, many reasons why I love Assorted Table Wine Shoppe.1.Any store that's retail pricing instead of four times restaurant mark up, makes me happy.  2. Community farm table, where you can socialize with Not Just Coffee patrons too!3. Knowledgeable, unassuming staff, you can be a total novice or an oenophile and you feel welcomed.4. Plenty of hidden gems, not just the everyday stuff.  We tried a Prosecco or some sort of bubbles from Barcelona (I think) for $26.  Delicious, obscure and affordable. #hellyeah5. My favorite Vermouth, Dolin.6. Location, 7th Street Market- great meeting place, where everyone can find something to drink/eat and be completely content.7. Outdoor seating8. Free parking for 90 minutes!9. A large selection of Bitters!All this talk makes me want to go there now!!!!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,9/19/2014,205,512,2,12,4>I had to update my review to give major props to Tika and the other stylists here for their attention to detail, quality of their technique, and the time and care they put into doing natural styles.  I have visited a ton of natural salons in search of the perfect summer style with a professional look that can also withstand daily workouts and I can honestly say I have finally found that with this salon.....  I can truly trust that they will deliver a quality style that is neat as opposed to crossing my fingers and hoping that my hair will turn out right.....thanks to Tika:-)
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/18/2014,47,73,2,5,4>Where to start with this place. First, the ambiance when you walk in is top notch. The layout is great with plenty of seating both downstairs and up. We sat upstairs and had a great view of the restaurant. The food is incredible. We ordered a variety of items all of which were comparable (if not a bit better!) than some of the eclectic breakfast joints in Asheville. Between the three of us we shared the red velvet waffle, banana bread French toast, bacon egg and cheese biscuit, and the egg and cheese biscuit. All were some of the best we've ever had. We will definitely be coming back to the terrace cafe. It is a must stop while in Charlotte.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/17/2014,192,333,2,5,5>Bad Daddy's makes my list for Top 3 Best Burger in Charlotte. The burgers are always juicy and cooked to perfection. The topping choices are endless. Don't like what you see on the menu? Make your own. My fave menu items... Fried pickles - thin cut, lightly battered. ask for the chipotle ranch!Any burger - great topping choices. always perfectly cooked.Sweet potato fries - some of the best in the city. goes great with chipotle ranch.BYO Salad - burgers are great, but the real spotlight stealer are their salads!Chipotle ranch - just yum. ask for extra. you'll need it.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,9/16/2014,161,76,4,3,5>I'm surprised at the negative reviews for poor service, we saw nothing but attentive servers when we went for lunch. I can't comment on the beer selections, we don't drink, but my Diet Coke was very refreshing. We went because I heard from a friend that they had a diverse menu, which they do. We started with a yummy southwest egg roll app served with a chipotle ranch dipping sauce. A little too spicy for my 14 year old, but Alina and I enjoyed them. Alex ordered the make your  own burger, which she said was very tasty. She also had a side of baked potato soup, which she liked even more than her burger. Alina ordered the make your own fish sandwich, which was way too big for her to finish. Alina really liked the potato bun, it went great with the crunchy fish filet. I ordered the 1/2 lb chicken tenders app as my meal. I asked for a side of bbq sauce, and guess what? It arrived with the meal, I didn't have to send the server back to get it. The tenders were small, but abundant. I'm a big guy, but I couldn't finish the fries. Oh, I finished the tenders, no worries there. I was very happy with my menu choice, it was great.If I had to find 1 con, it was that lunch for 3 with only 2 sodas came to $41, a little pricey for lunch. If we are ever back in Mint Hill, we will definitely return for another great meal.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,9/15/2014,68,235,4,6,5>I love trying new things and mixing things up with my work schedule helps keep me engaged. I have found I enjoy martial arts type workouts a lot but it's hard to find a good one near by,So across my groupon feed comes a groupon for Title Boxing. Wasn't into boxing so I ignored it until my friend forwarded me the link and said she bought one. So I read more into it to discover they offered a kickboxing class called "Power hour."  A workout designed to burn up to 1,000 calories in just an hour.I guarantee you I didn't come close to that but I did get an amazing work out in.  The moves are basic that I could keep up with the work out.  The instructor would show variations for those (unlike me) who were more advanced.It was a great setting, and an amazing work out.  I also find that their class schedule is very accommodating for those of us always trying to squeeze a work out in. I would highly recommend this place!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,9/14/2014,115,242,4,7,4>My husband and I were grilling with our friends one weekend and wanted to do something we've never done before, which is get beef from a butcher. It's kind of strange that we've never been here seeing as we live down the road and frequently visit Five Guys, Tony's and Duckworth's. We walked in, with no idea what we wanted other than steak. I'm not sure if he was having a bad day, and I know it was not the owner who dealt with us, but the guy behind the counter just seemed to be annoyed by us. That we didn't know what we wanted. When we picked something out he said that they were out, and the owner was the one who actually spoke up from the back and said they had something else, that was not only less expensive but more tender. The meat was $7.99/lb so when we tried to order 2 lbs, the other guy said they only sell by the piece. That's fine, but when we told him that we were going to feed 5 people it was like pulling teeth to get him to tell us the average person eats 1/2 a lb. We decided on 2 pieces which made for around 4 lbs. We had plenty of meat, and it was delicious cooked! When we were walking out we found out that all of the meat is local, grass fed, no fillers or chemicals, just happy animals, too bad nobody told us while we were up to the counter. I just know they can do better, I've talked to others, and read the reviews, so I will chalk it up to a bad day from the one gentleman.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/12/2014,64,99,6,9,9>*Review is only for the Saturday market although they're open most days out of the week. Everyday except Monday during the peak season.*Short version: Come early, find a park, bring cash, don't bring a pet, wear good shoes! Poetic version: If there is one place you can really feel the vibe of Charlotte and enjoy the diversity that makes up the Queen City, it is the Charlotte Regionals Farmers Market. Have a new affection for all things local, and veg-tastic, the CRFM has become my grocery store. Every Saturday morning we hit 85 headed to the market.  COME EARLY and FIND A PARK! The sign says that on Saturdays they open at 8am...each and every Sat. hubs and I try to get there a little bit earlier and this past Sat. they were soo busy and it was 8:15ish when we got out of the car. Here's the thing. The market is make up of 5 distinctive "wings". (One of which I won't discuss because it's only open for wholesale.) The first wing is an open air market which features the most local Charlotte metro vendors. You'll find a few fresh flower vendors, muscadine wine and juice, fresh seafood, market fresh beef, sausage, and ostrich...(ick), and my personal favorite...veggies. These vendors pluck and sell so if there's something you're looking for...go there first and buy it...they sell out early. My most recent favorite purchases: purple cauliflower, squash blossoms, and a goji berry bush! What?!? The second wing features some of the larger vendors who retail alot of their produce. Check the boxes under the fruits and vegetables, because most likely they're imported from other parts of the US. Don't be afraid to ask!! Recently, there have been a few local vendors sprinkled in so check out everything. Also, like to mention Veggie on the Run. They have a lot of international vegetables that I've never heard of before coming to the market. Fav purchases from them: jackfruit, breadfruit, and dragonfruit (which by the way makes a killer cocktail called the Dragon Lady). BRING CASH: Some of the vendors accept debit cards but don't chance it. I would hate for you to miss out on purple fingerling tomatoes or the delicious kalamata bread because you ran out of $$. DON'T BRING A PET: Trust me...I learned the hard way.WEAR GOOD WALKING SHOES: Back to the "wings". Already talked about the "local" wing. The second wing features some of the larger vendors who retail alot of their produce. Check the boxes under the fruits and vegetables, because most likely they're imported from other parts of the US. Don't be afraid to ask!! The third wing is for arts and crafts type things, I've seen everything from adult bibs to cool yard art made out of metal in here. Always a good place if you're looking for something special and hand crafted. Lastly, my favorite: the Greenery Shed! Wow!! There are so many different vendors in here that sell the coolest things. One of my favs right now is Celtic Forest who sells any herb under the sun...not THAT one though. LOL! I've purchase most of the herbs for my culinary garden from here and the vendors are more than happy to talk to you about uses, care, best growing practices...really cool peeps. There's also a lady who sells ready built fairy gardens and accessories. I stop and drool every time.  Peace and Veg! KF
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,9/11/2014,19,157,1,5,4>Really great find if you are traveling on 77 and don't want fast food. JD's is just off I-77 in the Signal Hill Mall. The map pinpoint is not very accurate so look for JD's at the entrance of the mall (not the strip shopping center next door.) They serve very nice sandwiches, wraps and grilled items. It's a walk-up counter but tables are available in the lobby of the mall. Quick in and out.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,9/10/2014,216,466,4,5,5>Great hangout spot right in the NC Music Factory area.  Yes - it is a small bar but they have outdoor seating which makes it seem a bit bigger :-)  Funky wall decor.  Must get the long island iced-tea here - wow it will knock you on your buns!  Awesome bartenders, great music - you have to stop in before a show.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,9/9/2014,57,290,7,9,8>Quite easily, the best pho in Charlotte.  It's currently a four-star rating, but that's only because I haven't tried the rest of their dishes.  One less star just means there's room to grow - I don't want to cap its potential!This place is a bit under the radar.  Everyone raves about Vietnam Grille, Pho Hoa, Saigon Palace, etc. but none of them beat the pho at Doan's.  It's time to blow this place up and let everyone know:The broth is unbeatable.  Have you made ramen noodles and poured in that powder soup base?  The directions generally say you should add the powder after the water is boiling.  What ends up happening is that the soup still just tastes a bit watery and bland.  Sure, it's fully dissolved, but it's different from when you just pour the powder in with the water, pre-boil.  (Yeah, I'm a ramen master... I got accoutrements you can't even imagine!).  So... back to the broth - it's nowhere near bland and doesn't have too much star anise, cinnamon, or whatever spice gives it a light sweet taste.Doan's might be under the radar for the general public, but apparently Vietnamese people know what's up.  It's always a good sign when there's a bunch of Vietnamese people in a Vietnamese restaurant, dontcha think?  They have options, but they choose to come here.  Service Highlight - We got all of the limes that are table wanted.  Lime shortage?  Ain't nobody got time for that?  Certainly not Doan's.  They're not sheisty with their limes.  (Really?  A shortage of limes causing its price to spike?  It's a friggin' lime, but I digress.)I'm a fan.  Pho lovers, give this place a shot.dmo out.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,9/8/2014,373,247,3,4,4>Nevin Park is so much more than just a park. It is a terrific place to bring your family.I was very surprised by all the features of the park. They have playgrounds, a spray fountain water park, horse shoes, trails, bbq pits and much more. The park itself is very clean. The playground has these swings that I never in my life seen before but they keep your kids pretty secure. The playground is set up to a race track theme and provides lots of play options for all kids, all ages.The spray fountain is also a very nice area. It is covered with a large blue tarp which is a pretty thoughtful feature. The water is mixed with chlorine and thank god, because some days the smell of pee can be detected. This area seems to be the highlight of the park for all the kids and tends to be the busiest part.Hands down, this is a pretty awesome park. My son loves it and I do too.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,9/7/2014,51,65,2,5,5>Found this place by accident and am so glad I did!  Not only is their food delicious, they also offer gluten-free options!  I built my own with eggs, cheese, and veggies, and it was fantastic.  It's a small shop and the ladies who work there are really nice and make you feel welcome.  I'm planning on going back sometime this week for more!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,9/6/2014,125,274,4,10,5>So long cupcake craze...later Frozen Yogurt frenzy...Adios Food Truck phenomenon....In moves A FRESH BAKED, HOMEMADE, LOCAL DONUT SHOP!!!  What?????  Yes please and thank you...I'll have a dozen.This isn't a Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme (not that I have ANY problem with either of them)...this is on a whole other level!  Your Mom's Donuts delivers and just opened their storefront a couple weeks back.  I stopped in yesterday and they were just about out of everything but we managed to try the french toast with peach jam and the lemon curd with blackberry compote and the vanilla glaze.  They were AMAZING!!!  So fresh (even though it was the end of the day), soft, great flavor, solid quality.  They are not "cakey" in terms of texture...more so light and fluffy.  They use local ingredients and they switch up the flavors daily.  They have flavors with coconut, bacon, banana, chocolate, etc.  So good.  They also serve coffee and have a few tables in case you choose to dine-in.  We were told that 4 donuts is $14 but 6 donuts is $15.  So, you do the math.  1/2 a dozen is the way to go and don't act like you can't figure out what to do with that many donuts.  Call me and I will help you out if needed.Love that they are on Monroe Road---we need more things on the East Side/Matthews.  They are open daily from 7am-3pm except on Monday's.  They sell out fast is what we were told so get there early for the best and freshest options!!  I can't wait to return.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,9/5/2014,137,460,1,6,3>Today, I am not happy with the dental practice and I have been patient (I checked my patience card). They called me to confirm my 9:00am appointment at 8:45am. I arrived at 8:57 but didn't begin service until 9:41. This isn't the first time. Okay, I spoke a bit too soon.  Yes, I had a long wait as I did on my last visit and I am not happy about that.  However, don't get me wrong, the staff is why I remained at this practice.  Dr. Vu hasn't done any work on my teeth but his demeanor is calm and confident.  I like him as a person/dentist and he seems to be very knowledgeable during conversations about my invisalign.  That said, perhaps braces would have been a better option for me.  At this point, I have to wait until after my refinement period to know whether the new format of my teeth will make me 100%  happy (right now I am at 90%).  I was hoping that after 10 months, I would be done but that is not the case and now, I know refinement is to be expected.  I just don't recall anyone telling me that previously.I am dropping the practice to 4 stars because of the slow service that needs improvement.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,9/4/2014,358,52,4,3,5>I LOVE this place. One of the best things about living in South End is definitely living so close to Common Market. Mini review: if you haven't been, go. Its an awesome little eclectic shop. I'll start with the deli - their menu is simple but great. The staff is friendly, the food is always fresh, and even when its decently crowded, its pretty quick. They also have freezers with some great side items such as risottos, chicken salads, pastas, and different ravioli options AND delicious looking deserts! They also have, and what they're well known for, is their great extensive beer, cider, and wine selection. You can buy great local and hard to find 6 packs and individual beers. You can also find a great bottle of wine out of their really comprehensive selection and you won't be disappointed. On top of that they offer wine and beer tastings - which are great. They also serve King of Pops, which I love and and are great to grab on the go when walking around South End. ALSO, (so many also's because this place has it all) they have a lot of gluten free, vegan, vegetarian snacks and treats throughout the store. I have tried a few and always been pleasantly surprised.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/3/2014,51,85,2,8,7>Salad eaters--listen up. I just devoured this salad for lunch and I have a feeling it's going to be in my regular salad rotation. A large portion of lettuce with shredded rotisserie chicken, generous amount of avocado, and the world's best salad dressing. A simple yet incredibly delicious salad. It comes with fries on the menu, but I recommend ordering plantains instead and tossing a few in! Super yum.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,9/2/2014,53,350,3,7,4>I hate moving. I hate the packing, and the unpacking, and the days/weeks/months of finding your things in weird places (dishes, how did you wind up in the box of stuff for my bedroom closet?). But most of all I hate that I have to find a whole new hair stylist every time I move. Sometimes it takes forever to find the right person -- it took me almost 2 years to find the perfect hair salon in my last city! But somehow I struck gold with Savvy after only a few months of living here.Savvy Salon is a relaxing, beautiful day spa that is perfect for a day of pampering. I had PJ for my hair, and she did a fantastic job achieving the exact look I was hoping for that day. She took her time and paid attention to all of my concerns and questions, and I can say without a doubt that this is one of the best haircuts (possibly the best!) I've ever gotten. Somehow she made my hair look longer and healthier even after cutting off some length, and she cut my hair so that it actually looks good when I wear it curly now. Perfect for the summer months! PJ is a master stylist (I think), so her prices are a little higher than some other stylists, but I wasn't shocked by the price at all. I'd definitely go back to her. If I'm ever on a small budget and need to cut back on some expenses, I'd ask for an understudy, because their prices are flat out amazing.I came back to Savvy a few days later for a mani/pedi using a coupon they sent me. They were accommodating and didn't care at all that I was using a coupon, which is rare at salons in my experience. My afternoon with Kalissa was very relaxing -- I enjoyed some hot tea, some free snacks, and the best pedicure of my life. She did a great job on my manicure and pedicure, and I would definitely go back for another special occasion. Savvy loses one star for a few reasons: (1) While I think their hair prices are very reasonable, I think their other services are all a little pricey. (2) My pedicure smeared horribly as soon as I got home, even though my toes were allegedly dry enough to leave the salon. (3) I got straight up barraged with emails after my first visit, which made my inbox grumpy.However, I also have to note that my shellac manicure (CND Desert Rose) is still alive and well after 1 week of playing with dogs, gardening, cooking, cleaning, and crafting with a hot glue gun. That is one awesome manicure!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/1/2014,52,180,1,5,5>My seven year old daughter has been dancing with MDSD for four years now and we love it. It has been such an amazing and rewarding learning experience for us both. My daughter spent two years in recreational classes, then we decided to take the competition route. My daughter is always excited to go to her dance classes and lives all of her teachers and the staff at the studio. The teachers and staff are always so encouraging and helpful, and most of all great supportive teachers. We are so grateful for MDSD!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,8/31/2014,53,97,3,5,4>A friend of mine recently moved to South End, so we're doing an informal drinking tour of bars in the neighborhood. It just so happened that her friend Mitch Hayes was playing live music there one night, so off we went. I came in through the brewery room, and there was a private event going on- awkward! Luckily the bar is bright green so I found my way over. The bartender was very friendly and when I told him I had never tasted any of their beer, he poured me up a quick sample flight. Although I LOVED the Stout I tried, it was only the beginning of the evening so I stuck with the Pre-Game, while my friend had the Head First. We hung out for a couple hours, enjoying the beer, the music, and later, the drunk hosts of the private party dancing with their shoes off. Hey, I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done the same a few times. This is a great addition to South End, and their large brewery room is sure to be a hot spot for events and weddings. One small complaint- when you are building a bar, have a lady sit on a bar stool. Have her cross her legs. Then make the bar that high.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/30/2014,182,166,7,7,9>Went to 5Church with a buddy after a 5K one evening.  As this was my first time there, I was unsure what to expect.  I had heard lots about this new, jumping, spot Uptown, but the descriptions were always a bit vague as to why exactly it was so good.......well allow me, if I may, to go into some detail about what exactly makes 5Church pop......First, the service;  its top notch.  Our server was extremely pleasant and polite and she was very understanding of the fact that we were with a hodgepodge group of friends and that people were ordering food and drinks at all different times.  Yet and still, she was on-point with the service and she was very accurate with the checks at the end of the night as well - no problems splitting the check.  She was quick to refill drinks or to ask if we needed more adult beverages, which of course we always did.Second, the food.  The food was excellent.  We split the "Bacon Pizza" as an appetizer.  It tasted very fresh, and made to order.  It was thin slice/flat bread, which I am not normally a fan of, but the bacon really made the pie explode in my mouth (That's what she said, LOL).  For my main course, I ordered the Grilled Hanger Steak.  The words savory and exquisite come to mind when I think about the Hanger Steak  It was cooked perfectly, and had a wonderful grilled, smokey flavor to it.  Third, the uniqueness.  Though they had plenty of tables, my buddy and I sat on leather couches with the rest of our friends and had a very enjoyable dinner.  I have never been to an establishment that married the lounge/tapas vibe with that classy, restaurant taste, and service, as well as 5Church.  I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for something different, and a little hipper than you standard, upscale steakhouse.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,8/29/2014,132,235,3,6,4>You know it's time to find a manicurist when some one comments on your nails in a bad way.  I had been searching for a few months for a new place that I could go to and was referred to Adriana by a friend after they over heard me talking about my nail problems.  The place I originally went to my nail girl left and I couldn't follow her.  Parking is a breeze and the location is in Elizabeth.  Adriana truly is very personable and makes sure you are comfortable first by offering water, tea, etc.  she made me a green late with chia seeds!!! Paraffin wax treatment was so awesome and my hands felt really really soft!! Been doing a renovation for months now so I needed help in the moisture department!Her attention to detail is really good and her music choices playing in the background are awesome.  At one point we both were singing "open arms" by Journey!!! Good taste in 80s love ballads!Looking forward to my upcoming pedicure and I am really glad to have a new spot for my mani and pedi's.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,8/28/2014,73,204,3,5,3>Went here for dinner with a group of ladies.  Love the expansive windows in this place.  Nice wine selection available, and our drink orders were taken quickly.Being a vegetarian typically makes ordering easy for me at most restaurants.  Not here!  The choices were nearly infinite.  I asked our server to take orders at the opposite end of our table while I struggled to make my decision.  When my friends had finished ordering, the server completely forgot to ask me what I wanted.   My indecisiveness almost cost me a good meal!  I called her back, and we all had a good laugh.I got the spicy lemongrass because my friend Jeff had it before and loved it.  I somehow overlooked the fact that it features green beans, which I don't care for, but there weren't that many.  It also came with onions,  bell pepper, Thai chili and basil.  I requested tofu as the meat.  It was served a "3" which is Thai spicy.  It was delicious, but I still needed to add hot sauce.  I love to give my tongue a good slapping!Great experience.  This is a repeater!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,8/27/2014,179,499,6,13,9>Folks, hands down this has to be one of the best brunch spreads in Charlotte!!! I met some girlfriends here for brunch on Sunday afternoon. I scored a parking space on the street but they do offer valet and there are plenty of parking garages.The inside of this place is gorgeous. There's plenty of beautiful tile work and it's all windows in the dining area so you'll have a great view. In the warmer months, there's even a lovely patio section! For Sundays there is no regular menu! It's brunch or nothing! But that was totally fine with me! It's one price for all the brunch and tapas plates (mini omelets, french toast, eggs benedict) you can eat.  That brunch bar is loaded! It's got everything:Mac and cheese (cheesy goodness) A Grits Bar (Yep! There are tons of toppings like ham, cheese and bacon crumbles to add if naked grits aren't your thing)Smashed brown potatoes (like hash browns but 10x better) Peel and eat shrimpBiscuits and gravy (mouthwatering good) Herb Crusted Prime rib (tender and delish) SalmonBacon and Sausage EggsShrimp and Grits The grits were nice and creamy! Just the way they should be. And the shrimp were tossed in a gravy sauce mixed with andouille sausage and spinach. With just the right amount of spice and flavor...I could eat this every day!Chili (forget everything you know because it's freaking fantastic) Whew! I'm sure I'm missing a ton of things but it's more than enough variety for you to make sure you leave full and happy. What the heck are you waiting for? Oh and if you somehow manage to have room left after sampling all those goodies....they have chocolate covered strawberries! Yum!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/26/2014,66,70,1,7,7>My new favorite pizza in Charlotte!  I am actually gluten intolerant, which means I shouldn't be having pizza in the first place... But this stuff is worth a couple days of limping around with inflamed joints!  That's a rating right?  "Walking cane delicious"I have tried most of what they have to offer and you really can't go wrong.  My favorite is the grilled variety.  Its flavors are fresh, simple, and of palatable quality - from the rustic hearty crust to the homemade chunky tomato sauce and all the wonderful toppings.  As far as catering goes, True Crafted Pizza is a show stopper.  They roll in a fire engine red retro truck and unveil a beautiful kitchen with a live roaring brick oven.  You can pair your meal with salad and some fresh gelato too.  Hire them to cater your next outdoor event and your friends will still be talking about it days later.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/25/2014,23,95,1,4,4>This place started out as a 3-star for me and frankly I didn't understand why it was so damn popular.  The service was always really good, and they are on point with the refilling beverages and the chips and the checking up on you.  But the food was just average to me.  After my last experience there, I can now say that it was a "me problem!"  I just didn't order the right thing. I finally tried the tacos rather than going the burrito or wrap route.  The tacos, my friends, are legit.  I got the tuna taco with the wasabi honey sauce and the tofu taco with Thai chili.  Boo yah!  They were both tasty, with an edge to the tuna.  Now I see why people wait an hour and a half on the weekend to eat here.  Just be prepared to experience that wait.  And when you finally get seated, order tacos!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/22/2014,27,121,5,3,1>I've definitely had my eye on this place for a while now- not like full-on creep, but half creep maybe. Like a classic facebook stalk.  But anyyywayyyy, this is one of those places you drive past 100 times (always when you're busy doing whatever else) and are always like "Yep. I need to get over there and try out that fresh bar/ house... or "barse"... or the northern Beer Temple... clone... in a... house version.", or what-have-you. Well the other day I finally I made it a point to go in this direction solely to check things out and was fairly impressed to say the least. This place has a great variety of bottled beer and a good amount (over a dozen) of beer on tap, including two lines they keep on a "beergas" mix. I'm an avid stout fan so seeing this is always a big plus in my book. Then of course, beergas goes well with select other beers also.Considering the stock of bottled beer in relation to the spacial constraints, or lack thereof, I'd be surprised if I went in looking for a particular craft beer and didn't walk out with it. The fact that this place is modified from an actual home on the main, or one of the main roads in Huntersville brings an overly cozy, yet still "centraled" feel to your elegant drink session. The outside porch and seating in the front is absolutely great on a fair-weather day. Highlights at a glance- full craft beer bottled selection, bar with over a dozen drafts, couch (interior), tv's, books on beer by author Michael Jackson (who knew the dude was a beer connoisseur too, right?), front outdoor porch, lawn chairs and tables, cornhole, grill set-up, pizza joint 2mins up the street for deliveries, etc. The place has a great staff, and occasionally hosts tasting events with breweries such as Birdsong.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,8/21/2014,94,181,6,6,3>I've been back to Sushi Guru now about 8 times. Each and EVERY time I get their Signature Sushi Guru roll, just tempting them to have an off night. Well, they haven't! That roll STILL IS UBER AWESOME! I've tried now for months to find a BETTER sushi shop. Please IF you know of one BETTER than Sushi Guru, PLEASE let me know! I've tried Pisces, Enzo, Ru San, Room 112.....all really good, but none better than Sushi Guru. Maybe because that Guru Roll is so DAMNED GOOD? It floats my boat.Before you tell me your Sushi place is "better," please make sure you've tried the Sushi Guru Roll so we can compare apples to apples, OK? I really am looking for competition to this place......just to see IF it can be beat. So far Sushi Guru is the UNDISPUTED HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF CHARLOTTE! WOO HOO! :-)
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,8/20/2014,8,70,2,6,6>Another reviewer wrote that one of Sir Ed's disadvantages is its hard-to-find nature, but I think that's one of the many qualities that make it a hidden gem of Charlotte. A batch of friends and I have only recently started attending on the semi-regular, a few times for Monday night trivia, and on another occasion just to sit and grab a drink and some food. Each time, we've had a blast.The atmosphere is quiet and friendly, which is an extremely welcome change to some of the other bars we've frequented.  We call it our neighborhood 'Cheers', since it feels like the kind of place you can easily become a welcome regular, where the staff will remember you, and treat you well regardless of what you're ordering. Service has always been good - a few minor delays once in a while on busy trivia nights, but totally understandable. The food is very, very acceptable. It is largely comprised of bar grub, but it's done well; no, it's likely not going to be comparable to a dining establishment whose focus is solely food - but they have a surprisingly extensive menu (another Yelper complained about a lack of menu options, which I think is untrue) featuring lots of share-worthy appys, a wide variety of burgers and sandwiches, and some surprising main dishes including Chicken Curry (I can't directly comment, but a friend got the curry sauce with a basket of fries, and said it was awesome.), among other more predictable choices like Fish & Chips and Shepherd's Pie. Friends have enjoyed their Chicken Tender baskets, which come with their thick-cut steak fries (which are delicious). Another friend's side salads have featured an impressive diversity of greens and fresh-looking toppings; definitely not one of those substandard iceberg mixes that some places try to get away with. My Turkey Burger was flavor-balanced well with its herbed goat cheese and sliced apple toppings, and was a good size - not overwhelmingly big such that I felt like food was my personal enemy after consuming it (Bad Daddy's, I'm looking at you). Husband was also impressed with his Blackened Cod taco plate, which I did not try, but looked nicely put-together. Another friend said the Buffalo Shrimp appetizer was good, but a little skimpy in comparison to some other orders, and would be better rounded out by a side of fries (as comes with the Chicken Tenders). Vegetarians, fear not! They have at least a few veggie options that aren't completely boring for you to choose from, too.They pour a generous pint, and have a variety of size options for you to mix and match how much you're in the mood to drink that evening - half pint's, "American" pints, English pints, and more. If you're not in the mood for harder stuff, soda refills come fast and furious.Re: trivia, so far theirs is the best we've found in Charlotte. They're not part of a big nation-wide group like the Team Trivia at Jackalope Jack's, but we like their setup better; a Charlotte entertainment group, "Merely Players", puts it on, and every Monday on their Facebook page they list 3 topics from the upcoming evening's 7 rounds, so you can get in a little on-point cramming before you get there. We tried to visit Ed's Tavern on a Thursday night to compare the trivia there, but were chased away by the headache-inducing music, overall noisy atmosphere and lack of open seating.Sir Edmond's is a recently-discovered jewel to us and our friends, and we only feel sad that we had not tried it sooner. It's quickly become part of our weekly repertoire in Charlotte, and hopefully will continue to be so for many years to come.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,8/19/2014,92,370,2,7,2>Really cool place, but not always the chillest people there.Its a step outside of the city, right in the city.  Some real deal woods, ponds, and paths to wander.  Nature at its best.Rarely do I see more than a couple other people here.  Which is good and bad.  If I was a single woman, I don't think I would go alone.  I have found signs of bums living in the woods.This place is beautiful.  Honestly, I have hesitated to write this review, as I want to keep it to myself.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/18/2014,91,93,3,4,5>Slowly but surely, the void in Charlotte of good coffee spots is being filled, and nothing makes me happier! The newest and coolest additions is Not just coffee! Oh how glad I am that I live only a couple blocks away :) What's great about this place you ask? The coffee of course, but also  the friendly baristas, the interesting people sitting next to you at their small bar, and last but not the least - the fact that they are located in the cutest little indoor market in uptown! They primarily serve coffee and tea, but if you're hungry there are so many options for food in the market. Sure they are a tad bit pricier than usual, but in my opinion, the entire coffee experience there makes it all quite worth it. My husband and I enjoy walking over on a random evening for the perfect latte (hot or cold!) or a pour over. I like a simple cup of coffee, so what's most important is that the coffee be rich and flavorful, and that's what you get here. The hot lattes, apart from being delicious also look very pretty. I am yet to try their flavored lattes (and hot chocolate; which looks amazing), and this Saturday is looking like the perfect day to do just that! :)
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,8/17/2014,29,99,3,8,6>When I thought it wouldn't get much better than La Unica in the affordable Mexican category, I found Three Amigos - it was great! Everything is very fresh. You can get your typical beans, rice and burrito meal here, but it's also really easy to make a very healthy meal. I ordered the Tacos Pastor (amazing flavor!) and got a side of guacamole instead of beans and rice, at no extra charge. Their guac and salsa are some of the best I have had. I will definitely be coming back.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,8/16/2014,15,160,2,11,3>Well it seems that the wife and I just had to move out of Ballantyne for the good restaurants to move in. We were lucky to be in the area recently and saw that Lure was open for business. We had heard that an oyster bar was coming to Charlotte and that made both of us excited. First thing that I noticed walking in was the revamped decor to give you the oyster shack feel. It also looks like they have few seats for a raw bar, as well as ample regular bar seating. For our quick lunch on this visit, we opted for a high top table, but in the future I would either do a booth or sit at the bar. The menu itself is quite varied and not only seafood/oyster driven, which is fine to please all types of palates. We were there for seafood to include raw oysters. We got six each of their northwest oysters from British Columbia and they were delicious. I would have asked for some hot sauce or sriracha, as none was on the table but we were in a rush and the oysters looked too good to wait. We used the cocktail sauce and mignonette provided. As entree, I chose the Bar Harbor lobster roll and the wife went with crab cake sandwich. Now I have had some lobster rolls in my time and this one is legit. It's served cold, as it should be, and on a warm toasted bun with a good filling portion of lobster. I doubt that the lobster was freshly shucked but it doesn't have to be, and we are quite a ways away from Bar Harbor, so I don't expect it. Oh and the house chips were perfect for me, thick, crispy and not greasy. I tasted the crab cake itself and it was good, but the lobster was better. The wife is allergic to lobster so she could not indulge in the roll.All in all, a solid meal and it was definitely 4+ stars, but can't pull the trigger on 5 stars yet. The service was fine and I am sure that them being open for a week explains the few hiccups that we encountered. We will likely return as often as we can and trust me, my upgrade to 5 stars is coming. I look forward to new different oysters varietals and seasonal dishes in the future.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/15/2014,876,4126,23,23,22>Popped in to give this place a try as I've heard nothing but good things about their chicken. And the raves are correct. This is really good chicken. A meaty chicken breast that was moist with a very crispy batter that wasn't so thick that it overwhelmed the chicken.I got a two piece dinner, which came with a dinner roll, a small tub of cole slaw, some tater tots, some hushpuppies and the previously mentioned chicken - one wing and one breast. The tots were excellent. Not too greasy at all, but I was glad to have the one packet of ketchup for dipping.This was a serious "fried" plate. If they could fry the cold slaw and the dinner roll, I'll bet they would have done so.Note: This place is TAKE OUT ONLY. There is no dining area that I could see.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,8/14/2014,249,585,3,4,4>Tucked away in Birkdale Village lies Birkdale Village Cleaners...Thankfully, this is near my part-time gig & hours are convenient. I needed to get my blazer dry-cleaned & stopped in as a first-time customer. I was immediately greeted & my information entered into the computer. The employee gave me a two-day turnaround time of Wednesday (although the sign out front states they do one-day service - I didn't ask how that worked). I'm ok with the two-day service, as I wasn't in a hurry with the blazer.$7.60 for my blazer seems a bit much, it does strike me as odd that dry cleaning can be so much these days. When I picked up my blazer (yay for drive up service!), the same employee greeted me & quickly brought the blazer out, rung me up & I was on my way. Blazer looks great! I will definitely use them again. They offer alteration services, as well.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/13/2014,66,114,3,5,4>I still really love coming to Salon 42 to visit with Erica P. She is so thorough and precise and asks just enough questions to see what it is you are wanting that day. I typically get two different blonde hi lights and a cut, sometimes mixing it up with some red. For my wedding hair last year, she topped my gorgeous blonde mane with a peach glaze that looked perfect in my wedding pictures and even better on the beach on my honeymoon. She even custom dyed a hair piece I wanted to wear on my big day. Above and beyond!This time I got a dip dyed sort of look with a custom reddish pink blend and I love it lots. It was raining and Todd even grabbed an umbrella when I left and walked me to my car so my new locks didn't get all mussed in the rain. :Go check them out if you need a new salon and ask for Erica.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/12/2014,212,802,4,3,3>Small independantly owned gift & retail shop on the bottom level of Chandler Commons Shopping center.  The shop is small and they have a limited selection of clothing...but good quality & some unique things.  They also have  costume jewlery, bags,  a selection of Rainbow flipflops, and all sorts of gifts & trinkets.  I just bought the cutest little roll up straw sun-hat that will work nicely for taking on a cruise!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,8/11/2014,116,275,5,8,7>So, since my last review in August, I have returned twice and definitely owe them a better rating. After today, I felt they deserved a four. I arrived and was seated immediately and received the complimentary pickle and cole slaw, chilled to perfection this time, I ate it all. I ordered the Turkey BLT, with Swiss on a Kaiser Roll. The sandwich was huge! And delicious! The turkey was sliced to my liking, the bacon crisp and the added touch of mayo on a fresh Kaiser Roll, OMG! I could only eat half so I took the other half to my Mom, who is from New York, and she loved it. The wait staff is great, but definitely favors the regulars, so maybe I will be one soon. I look forward to returning and definitely checking out their breakfast options & bagels sandwiches, because from what I saw they looked awesome.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/10/2014,143,354,4,3,3>I love cowbell. It's not the healthiest place to eat but it's oh so delicious. As far as starters go, the pretzels with cheese dip are delicious. It doesn't taste like cheap low grade pretzels out of a freezer. They are perfectly crisp yet fluffy inside. The wings are great and they give you a perfect amount for one person. I got the corleon and the mozzarella was fresh as were the veggies. It had the perfect amount of spices. The balsamic drizzle was right amount of sweet. I never save room for dessert but I need to sometime to try their shakes. Friends of mine swear by their burgers and I will certainly be back to try one soon!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/9/2014,128,184,5,3,5>How have I not reviewed this place?!?!?!  Well here its; Brfisket Burnt ends with jalapenos wrapped in bacon as your side.  This is a game changer.  As originally frequenting Mac's and Queen City Q I thought i would give this place a shot.  My god thank god I did,  This bbq is my favorite in all of Charlotte.  The burnt ends are seriously out of control.  The ribs are great and so is the pulled pork queso.  Their draft selection is pretty decent offering a bunch of local and national options.  If you want to show your out of town friends BBQ bring them here
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,8/8/2014,8,114,5,7,6>Choosing a wedding photographer is one of the most important decisions you'll make when planning a wedding. A good photographer isn't just someone with expensive equipment who will provide visual documentation of your big day--it's someone who will tell the story of your wedding and the people who make it special. And, maybe most importantly, a good photographer will be someone who understands the stresses of a wedding and can find a way to be present at all the important times without being overwhelming or demanding.We chose to work with Chuck Eaton after interviewing several photographers. Two things sealed the deal for us: first, Chuck's world-class photography skills, and, second, his personality. Just check out Chuck's website and you'll see how talented he is and how he is somehow able to find small moments and turn them into amazing art. Then, give Chuck a call and you'll see how easygoing and funny he is and you'll know you've found someone special.Not only did Chuck provide us with so many wonderful photographic memories of our wedding, he did so many little things throughout the course of the celebration that most photographers just would not do. From bringing us a snack when we needed it to--literally--stopping traffic to get a perfect shot, Chuck truly went above and beyond.I highly recommend Chuck Eaton for your wedding photography--well, any photography needs! You will not be disappointed.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,8/7/2014,121,566,7,4,5>Thanks to Kate's for keeping it real!   I hadn't skated in 20 years but a bunch of friends were going so I tagged along.  Most of my time was spent practicing not killing myself.  Just staying upright in the never ending parade circling the rink offers plenty of exercise.  There's always a little danger involved.  It was crowded in the afternoon and kids seem to splat on the floor every other second right in front of you.  But they pop back up like it was nothing and keep skating.  I think everyone should tie on some skates, have a corn dog and a snow cone every few weeks and remember what it's like to be away from computers and TV and enjoy the simplicity of movement and being alive.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,8/6/2014,104,306,4,3,3>The first few times eating at Fern seemed to be hit or miss for us. However, recently we have been going to brunch every other Sunday and have yet to be disappointed. I was never a big chicken and waffle fan, but their vegan version chicken-fried tofu and waffles is one of my favorite meals in Charlotte. I think it is the maple-hot sauce glaze that is the secret. It is delicious. Every time we go, I contemplate getting something new, but thankfully I keep going back to the waffles and reminding myself how good they are. I did have the huevos rancheros with tofu before and was a fan the first time I had it, was less thrilled the second time, but now it doesn't matter...it's all tofu and waffles these days. The wife always gets the biscuits and gravy which does have some excellent tasting gravy. Definitely recommend checking them out.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,8/5/2014,104,419,7,9,7>My wife and I came here for an early dinner and had a good meal with friendly service at a good price.  We both think that it's run by the same people who used to run Captain's Galley in the same location and that they just chose more of a country cooking type menu for this venture.All in all it's what you would expect menu wise with daily specials and sides as well as ones that are available everyday.  There is a section of the menu with fried/broiled seafood, one with Italian dishes and the standards like country style steak, fried chicken, chicken livers and onions as well as various sandwiches and a couple burgers.My wife had the country style steak which is served on rice.  It needed a good dose of salt and pepper at the table but the chopped steak was tender, pretty tasty and there was plenty of it.  I had a combo of fried fantail shrimp and fried oysters which were both big and plump, not too heavily breaded and served crispy and piping hot with fries, hushpuppies and coleslaw. Again, a lot of food for the price and it was good.  We also had small garden salads to start and the dressings are homemade and so much better than the bottled off the shelf junk you get at many places (you listening Hickory Tavern?).It's nice to have a place nearby cooking some good country food and serving it with a smile. We'll be back...
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/4/2014,65,242,3,5,3>Interesting little hole in the wall in the University area.  It's located in the dying shopping center on N. Tryon (between Harris and Mallard Creek Church) which formerly housed Stool Pigeons.  The ambience is not great.  Fluorescent lighting and lots of ethnic fabric covered benches, and the fabric looks dingy and wrinkled.  However, the food was great.  We didn't want to commit to eating a full meal so we ordered the appetizer sampler that contains hummus, tabbouleh, falafel, tzaziki, stuffed grape leaves, garlic dip and a cold smoked eggplant dip.  The tabbouleh was fresh and bright with lots of lemon juice - one of the best I've ever had.  The garlic dip and hummus were both very good.  Hummus was perfectly creamy, and the garlic dip had so much flavor I mixed it with some of the other items to boost the flavor in those.  Service was great, as expected since we were the only table in the restaurant at the time.  The food was fresh, and we'll definitely be back to try more items.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,8/3/2014,151,1019,6,8,5>It's nice to know that places actually do listen to the feedback in this case Heist must have seen the reviews of their beer and made a change.  Gone is the mediocre beer and replaced with good and even adventurous beer offerings with interesting flavors to match the food menu.With spicy IPA's, pale ales,stouts and porters available at other breweries, Heist got into the spicy game with a spicy amber ale and honestly this Pistolero Pepper beer is a winner!  I only had two beers this trip and this was my favorite.  The Habanero really kicks in after you continue to drink the beer.  The San Fran Disco IPA is really good as well, not as good as some of the other area IPAs but still respectable.  As for food,.the menu has changed a bit from my last visit.  Dinner is all small plates and there is still amazing food here.  I ordered the Bacon (Tempura fried bacon strips) and Diablo Chicken.  Both were great but the Bacon was killer!!!  It came with a pesto dipping sauce.  Around the table people had flatbreads, meatloaf, the crabby patty and something that came in a mason jar that looked amazing.  Actually all of it was presented creatively as you would expect from Heist.Service was great.  It always has been here.So yes, I am willing to give Heist its truly deserved 5 star rating.  Thank you for improving the beer.  This is what a brewery experience should be like!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,8/2/2014,74,148,1,7,2>I've gotten my 2004 Vespa ET4 serviced here a few times for a tune-up, state inspection, and most recently to get a new engine starter. She's running good as new. From what I was told they only use genuine Piaggo parts on Vespas. No third party stuff. All service and parts are under warranty. If you've broken down and don't have the means to get your scooter to the shop they will offer a pick-up for a very small fee compared to calling a tow truck. Which I think is a plus especially if you're not close in proximity. Mike, the owner, and Bryan, the Vespa technician, are both very knowledgeable, friendly and definitely want you to be satisfied. They also seem to be honest guys. Prices seem a bit on the high end, but hey, it's an official Vespa and Genuine Scooters dealer and the only one around the area that seems to be reliable and know their stuff.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/1/2014,498,511,5,7,6>In a hurry? Looking for a big salad? No frills, No problem.We work in the same building as this Deli and when I am crunched between meetings, I run down here and get the Greek Salad with Chicken on top. It's really fresh and the dressing is a balsamic that is yumtastic.  The serving is huge too - no skimpy salad.It is super fast service, you can be in and out of there in 15 minutes including sitting down and eating. If you just want to pick up and go, that is even faster.Good range of soups, sandwiches and salads - items come with a side and a fountain drink. They have fries, coleslaw, chips etc.I always have the salad and dine in or take out - it's always fresh and fast and about 10 bucks total including a tip.If you work in town - this is a good spot - parking here might not be possible - it's a foot traffic location really.I just saw on someone else's review that they serve breakfast all day - I do low carb, so an omelet mid-day, Yup.. i will do that on my next visit.Lots of booths and tables too - so finding a seat is not a problem. They have TV's running and I should mention that they do discounts for Military, Police and Firefighters - so that is great too!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,7/31/2014,54,199,6,5,4>I've been meaning to stop by the Suarez Bakery for some time now but finally got around to it just recently! I went looking for donuts and pastries and was not disappointed in what I found. A lot to choose from. Fresh, tasty and reasonably priced! The donuts (chocolate covered and cream filled) were both fantastic. The chocolate wasn't as sweet as I like it but still really good. Now, the honey bun, that is the real deal! Wow, I could have eaten a few more of those!! I'll be back!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,7/30/2014,5,54,2,7,2>The best mexican food in the Charlotte area now in a new location.  If you're reading any of the old location reviews,  you're probably finding most dinged La Unica for location size and ambiance.  That's fixed now with their new upscale standalone building.  The new location has 3 times the seating, and includes a full service bar as well,  and the drinks are even better than before.  (Looking forward to them adding outdoor seating as I see there is space for it)Food remains the same as do many of the people taking care of you.  Which is to say, it's great.Tacos remain a favorite here - the authentic tacos that is.  Very good carnitas and pastor.  Fajitas are top notch,  good cuts of meat, great flavor enhanced with a few supplied limes squeezed on, no oil or grease.  Really - none. Vegetables are cooked just right,  not grilled to death and not to crisp.  These are my favorite fajitas anywhere in the country and they are always consistent - I eat them a couple times a month and have for the past few years.Salsas are great as well.  Lots of flavor and plenty of kick.  There are two tomato based salsas that these guys bring out for everyone but my favorites are those that you have to ask for - get the green stuff.Now let's look at the prices... A great value, and inline with if not below what you'd see at any run of the mill Mexican restaurant.  Except this is not run of the mill, it's excellent.  Mercedes Benz for the price of a Kia.All in all -1 star for consistency2 stars great food 1 star great people1 star a great drinkIf I could go over five stars here I would.  Keep up the great work for your customers, I love your restaurant.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/29/2014,33,185,3,6,6>Saw a post online they were doing "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" I know they did previously and I missed out so I was definately going this time. Was my first time here.. free parking and a good sized lot, the interior is cute and cozy.. you feel very welcomed when you walk in. The theater itself is small and intimate, there is not a bad seat in the house... I felt almost a part of the production due to the smaller size which was really nice. Big plus, the ladies bathroom... its big for a place so small.. seeing how the majority of us ladies ran to the bathroom during the intermission it was nice to see they considered the fact of a rush during the break. The bar had a good selection and decent prices, I would definately go again and support our local actors!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,7/28/2014,155,972,1,9,4>I would eat here every weekend, if possible. I love Good Food on Montford. Love.Looks are deceiving, but I think that is what they were going for when they picked this location. From the outside, it's nothing flashy but a solid frame with floor to ceiling glass front windows. The interior is modern, contemporary and very tasteful. They nailed the minimalist and cozy ambiance. They have each table set and ready for your arrival.I really like the small tapas plate concept. You can pick and choose various dishes to share with your partner. Awww, romantic. Tip: Get 2 steamed buns so you won't end up fighting over it; it is that delicious you each want your own. I'm going to make it my mission to try each item...the quail wraps and Korean beef were very flavorful. They focus on seasonal dishes using local and/or organic options. Fab. The wine selection was very good and the servers make great recommendations. Last, but not least was the dessert. They had the most fantastic blackberry ice cream (yes, it was a few seasons ago) paired with a cake or cobbler dish. Mmmm.The service was fantastic! Just the perfect amount of attention balanced with privacy. The most perfect dining experiences are when you lose track of time, deep in conversation, eating fantastically prepared food, and dishes are each a work of art. You will get all of that at Good Food. My favorite. Just wish they would accept reservations.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/27/2014,19,124,3,5,4>I have boarded my pup here on two separate trips in the past month or so for a few nights each time and couldn't be happier.  I was a little hesitant at first since she has never been apart from family, but after researching local places and reading the reviews, I am glad we chose to send her here!They email you pictures of your dog while they are there, which is really nice.  If you call to check up on your dog, they will put you on hold and go check on your dog at that minute and let you know what your dog is up to!  There are so many different options to choose from - single walks with a staff member, general play time, etc.  Also, if you get your dog groomed on the last day of boarding, they will waive that day's fee in lieu of the bath/nails/etc fee which is nice.  They do a really good job with bathing/nails too.They also send your pup home with detailed report cards on how they were each day - even down to the detail of their bathroom schedule & how much food/water they ate.  It is really apparent how much care they put into each dog's visit with them and I feel a lot better about leaving my peanut with them.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,7/26/2014,60,133,4,6,6>Nan & Byron's has been on our "must try" list for a couple of months.   As soon as we walked in, we could tell that the restaurant has a very fun vibe to it!  The hostess was very pleasant and we were seated right away.  Our server came over right away with a basket of fresh seasoned popcorn.  I'm a popcorn NUT so this was the perfect way to make a great first impression!  We asked for drink/beer suggestions and were pleased with the recommendations.  My husband ordered the Meatloaf with Mac & Cheese and he loved it.  I ordered the Crispy Beet sandwich and it was awesome!  (It's like a larger version of the delicious beet sliders at their sister restaurant 5Church)Although the restaurant was pretty busy, we never felt rushed and the server did a great job of spreading the love around to all of her tables.It was a great meal and a great dining experience and we can't wait to go back for dinner and to give their Sunday Brunch a try!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,7/25/2014,54,66,4,7,4>This place is adorable. I am a coffee addict and especially love a good locally owned shop. I came in here early before class to grab a quick study session. There are probably ten to twelve tables but they do have a wonderful outdoor seating area that is a pretty decent size. They have great food and coffee (duh!)  I came in and had the power bagel. I think it was called that. Anyways it had ham, Swiss, avavado, tomato, spinach, an cream cheese. What a great way to start the morning! I have had coffee wise two different drinks. The vanilla latte which was so amazing. They serve their coffee drinks in clear glass glasses and do a beautiful little design on top of the foam. I have also had the chai tea latte. I found the chai tea to be a little more sweet than I typically like it so I didn't finish it. They have a choice of vanilla spice or regular spice and maybe I had the vanilla. The location is great and seems to be convenient to everything!! Love this place and look forward to trying every drink they offer!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/24/2014,105,53,4,8,4>Holy moly! Come hungry...and with a lot of money. Ha! It's expensive, but SO WORTH IT. Charlotte needed a cool establishment like this. Especially for an Asian aficionado like myself, I am always on a lookout for cool Asian food that is perfectly prepared and artistically presented. Think Asian tapas, and remember that they will be small portions. The server recommended that we each order 3 or 4 plates. The plates range from about 10-30. See what I mean about expensive? But one taste of the pork belly, and you'll be emptying your wallet on the table and summoning the waiter for more! Arigato!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,7/23/2014,87,274,4,7,4>You know how long I've been wanting to try this place?!  LONG OVERDUE!  Finally I got to try the famous Brooks burger last week for lunch. My $3.50 cheeseburger all-the-way (onion, chili & mustard, I asked for slaw on top of it at no extra charge) was well worth every penny. The single pattie was grilled to a slight crisp on the outside but retained a good balance of juicy meat flavor with a hint of seasoning. Everything else added on made it a filling portion (at least for me). The menu board was short and sweet, the only side item was fries basically... which wasn't anything special.  The whole eating under the outdoor hut/shed structure standing up along a wood slab table with everyone added to the experience. There will be many Brooks lunch outing in the future... I may have to give other items a try.Tips to eating at Brooks:1.Don't wear white... or anything light color, especially if you doing all the way southern style.2. Lettuce and tomato cost extra, but seriously, stick with chili and onion and slaw... you're in the South, enjoy the perk3. May not be a bad idea to bring some wet naps4. As you may know already, CASH only, so bring them
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,7/22/2014,62,68,2,6,4>My wife and I were on the search for Mediterranean food.  After having to call an audible upon finding out that one place was a 30 minute wait with only "pseudo" Mediterranean food, we decided to give Kabob Grill over in Stonecrest a try.  I decided on the grilled lamb kabob with hummus and baba ghannouj, while my wife went with the vegetarian combo.  We also each got an order of pistachio baklava.  I was very satisfied with my meal.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and did not have that gamey flavor.  The hummus was excellent, and the baba ghannouj had an appealing blend of flavors that made me want more.  And while my wife enjoyed her meal overall, she did note that the yalanji and potatoes harra on her plate were a little heavy on the lemon juice side.  Service was pleasant, if not a bit slow (the wait staff seemed understaffed that evening).  Pricewise, it was a bit on the high side.  Our meal (which included a beer and a glass of wine in addition to our entrees and dessert) came to $70 (tip included).
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,7/21/2014,31,71,4,3,4>Biscuits.  Yes, I said it, the biscuits are great.  I came here for a tasting as a +1 for a Yelp Elite event and then came back on a Monday night with friends and family.  First, the menu is big, but no Cheesecake Factory.  Fortunately after a tasting and a dine-in visit, I got a chance to sample a few things including the crab cakes, scallops, Appalachian Egg Rolls, catfish and goat cheese grits.  Out of those my favorites were the scallops (perfectly cooked) and the egg rolls mostly because there was pulled pork inside!  And of course the biscuits with the berry jam & the tupelo honey.  Apparently the story is the honey used to come from bees in the Tupelo, MS area, but recent devastation caused a shortage.  Now they are getting the honey from a similar strain of bees, hence keeping with Tupelo.The crab cakes, I felt, had a bit too much breading and a more cakey consistency.  The catfish was normal, nothing special.  The goat cheese grits is not your Mama's grits.  It took me slightly off guard as I'm used to traditional cheese grits, but I love goat cheese, and of course the two together can take a little to get used to. The crowd was lively on a Monday night, but probably because they just opened recently.  Parking can also be an issue as both times I had to park on a side street since the lot was always full.  Come prepared.  I'll come back to try the many other creative items on the menu making it a fresh change in the traditional southern fare.   Would I like more biscuits.  Yes, I'll have one more.... plate.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/20/2014,60,146,1,6,3>I purchased a groupon to try out LC21 since it's close to home and I'm all for the convenience of close by. We went around 7 last Friday to finally check it out (and my groupon was about to expire!)I can't help but laugh when you walk in a restaurant and the host/hostess asks "Do you have a reservation?" and you look around and notice the place is practically dead! Really? No, I did not have reservations, but luckily they fit us in! Our waiter, Eddie, promptly greeted us and brought waters. We decided on a wine and that came out quickly too. We started with the empanadas (one of each: beef, cheese & chicken) and we both ordered the Churrasco steak - I had the plantains and arroz congris (rice with black beans). I set into this with mediocre expectations - after all it's in a Walmart shopping center, next to a Steak & Shake - plus some of the reviews I read were very meh. I have to say I was impressed with the food! The steak was truly delicious - and very reasonably priced at 13.99. I had enough left over for lunch the next day. The plantains and empanadas were also tasty - wish I had some of those left over too!It was pretty slow for a Friday, less than 50% full, but it was pretty lively and they had live music. I guess with enough vino you can pretend you aren't in a Walmart shopping center but instead visiting one of the 21 countries they claim to offer cuisine from!I would definitely check them out again!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,7/19/2014,45,242,4,6,3>Ok, here's the situation.  It was a Saturday afternoon and raining cats and dogs. What to do with my 5 year old daughter?  Go to the movies right?  So off we go to Stonecrest.  When I couldn't find a parking space I knew I was in trouble.  Of course every soccer mom and their kid had the same idea and the movie was sold out.  CRAP.I go on my trusty phone and saw the same movie was at Cinnebarre.  I'm a man who learns lessons quickly and I purchased my ticket online through Fandango and we drove to the Arboretum.  I was a bit skeptical because when I was younger I went to the same theater with my friends so I thought it would be a bit run down.It's a bit different here you know?  When you walk in there's a nice sized bar with tables and chairs.  I even saw a pool table.  We were early and walked into the theatre and again, different.  There are less seats, but they were comfy....leather high backs with a row table in front with a menu and an ordering card.  Everything on the menu from Appetizers (wings, cheese sticks, hummus and pita chips) to full on meals (pizza, burgers, etc...).  I ordered the popcorn for my daughter and I along with 2 dinks (32 OZ).  Prices weren't that concerning to me since you're in a movie theatre and nothing seemed unreasonable.  They had a full beer and wine menu also for the people that are into it.The waiter came buy and answered questions.  He wasn't the friendliest, and customer servicy, but whatever I was there for the movie.  We got our drinks and popcorn before the move and it was served in a silver bowl like at home with real butter.  Very classy.It was a good experience, and I think the reason I liked Cinnebarre so much is that it wasn't crowded with 5 million people.  I like that.  The food and drinks being served was an added bonus.  Great place for a date IMO.  If I were to nit pick I'd have them clean the menus up literally, they kind of stuck to the table.Other than that.  Nice experience.  I will be back.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/18/2014,153,79,7,7,6>Yet another "OMFG this place is amazeballs" review here. I'm not sure what I can add to what others have written, other than to say that, having spent a good amount of time in Hanoi, Le's sandwiches stack right up against the best bánh mì in that city.The french bread is fresh and light and spongy, just as it should be in Vietnamese cooking (typical french bread is a little denser and a little crustier). The pork derived cold cuts that go into the number 8 sandwich are just right and the veggies are delightfully crunchy and mild. My companion got the number 6, which was basically a bowl of bún thit nuong (noodles with grilled pork) on a sandwich minus the fish sauce and noodles. Welp, I went up to the counter and asked for a bit of fish sauce to dip it in - the guy kind of chuckled at the idea but gave me some anyway and damned if it didn't make the number 6 better. I guess that just goes to show that you can't have thit nuong without the fish sauce. So, if you get the number 6, ask for fish sauce.Speaking of fish sauce: holy crap, the fish sauce was good. Not too saccharine and had a good, mild anchovy flavor. Apparently it's made in-house. Not to be missed.Alright, so you got your bánh mì and now you're looking around the shop while you're happily chomping away on your $4 sandwich. In the fridge are a bunch of Vietnamese desserts, including several varieties of chè (dessert soup made with coconut milk). If you've never had good chè before, you should absolutely try it. Then you look at the counter. WTF is that green jello looking stuff? That, my friends, is bánh da lon, a steamed layer cake made primarily with tapioca flour, mashed green beans and sugar and it is FUCKING DELICIOUS. They serve it with coconut milk-based caramel and, if you try it, you will die from excessive mouthgasms. And, at $2 per package, you have no excuse not to try it.There are other things to get here: there are also some savory rice cakes on the counter that come with fish sauce and are equally cheap. Then there is, of course, the sugar cane juice machine, which you also must try. Fresh sugar cane juice is unlike anything else on earth: smooth, sweet and, in Vietnam, served with a dollop of lime juice.And that completes your Le's experience. Be sure to chat up the guys behind the counter when they're not busy: they're super friendly, they're all from the same family that owns the shop, and you can learn a lot about Vietnamese food from them.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/16/2014,117,110,3,5,4>I too, was surprised with how much I liked this venue.  Came here on 4/4/14 to see Millennial (if you haven't heard of them, do yourself a favor and look them up).  Amos' is much bigger than I expected, and there's really not a bad spot to stand/sit in the house.  There is limited seating, very few tables, so be prepared to stand.  The website is VERY helpful with parking.  I'm glad I checked it out.  There seems like there's a lot of parking, but some of it is two zone - red flag!  I really enjoyed my time here, loved seeing the band, and the drinks were pretty good.  (Check out the specials, and you'll be good to go).  There are a ton of places to eat on south blvd too - so make a night of it!(And yes, bathrooms are dingey.  Go before you get here.)
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,7/15/2014,21,57,,5,3>If you have a Pet and you need the regular shots and neutering and exams - this is the place to go. Located right across from the Arboretum on Providence Road, this clinic rocks!  These people are kind and caring. They exam each pet, carefully and spend time telling you exactly what condition they are in and what they suggest for them. I have three little Fu-fu dogs and I took them there for there yearly shots and exams. Kindness is their second name. Although they do only shots, neutering and exams, they will tell you what they think you should do for your pet. Very reasonable in price! Try them - I am telling you they are Rock Stars!!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,7/14/2014,31,101,,10,2>Decided to try this place after friends of ours raved about it - so glad we did!It's right in downtown Waxhaw, and looks like just another storefront. However, it's quite cute inside with about ten tables and a small bar tucked away in back. Lighting is just about perfect and atmosphere is subdued but still casual. Service was topnotch: we had three waiters who covered our table, including one who double as a sommelier with spot on wine recommendations. We never waited for anything and the timing was great. In fact, the owner and chef came by twice to check on us, which is a nice touch and shows he cares.The menu is really interesting and ever-changing since the chef (Paul) is very true to farm-to-fork. On our night we had the sunchoke chips with buttermilk dip, a lovely sweet potato soup, the black bass and the scallop entree. All of them were GREAT - complex flavors, imaginative presentation, and served at the correct temp. In particular the Black bass is dynamite - the combo of collards, black-eyed pea's and fish are exceptional. Oh yes, try the deviled eggs to start: even if you aren't a fan you will like them.Overall this was one of our best experiences in Charlotte, probably only behind Barringtons in service and food. I encourage you to make the drive and check it out.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,7/13/2014,98,107,3,7,4>21 different burgers with a variety of protein choices, fries, and milk shakes what could go wrong. On my first trip not much. I had the bacon cheesy burger and fries. My daughter had the grilled cheese off the kids menu which used slider buns for the bread and it was delicious! There are a number of dipping sauces to choose from for the fries or to add to your burger. Next time I'll get the sweet potato fries so I can try the toasted marshmallow sauce with them. The kids lived their shakes too. Service was quick. Of course with all these fast casual places where you order at the counter and pay, get your own drink etc what the heck do you tip?
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,7/12/2014,6,42,4,13,7>I've been to Carolina Fish Market three times since they opened. I've purchased the fresh shrimp multiple times and the difference between that and once frozen shrimp is unbelievable. The scampi I made with the shrimp was the best I've ever had. And it's 100% because of the quality of the shrimp.We've purchased the Faroe Island salmon twice and both times it was incredibly fresh.. the best my wife has had (her words.. I don't eat salmon.. long story). I also purchased haddock and it too was fantastic (good luck trying to find fresh haddock in Charlotte).Until this place opened, I refused to buy fresh seafood in Charlotte because it's not fresh. Jim (the owner) guarantees the freshness of his fish and has delivered every time for us. We are regular customers now.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,7/11/2014,115,242,3,9,5>Riccio's has been a tradition for my husband and I for as long as we have been together (almost 10 years). When Touchstone Village used to have a Food Lion in it, and a video store, he lived in the neighborhood behind it, and would walk from his house. Cue his current best friend that moved in 2 doors down when he was 7 and they would ride their bikes up there every weekend. Needless to say, our group of 4 is recognized when we come in. I know the original two waitresses have literally watched my husband and his friend grow up, and consistently order the same thing (garlic knots, house salads, and pizza). Even now we still order the same garlic knots, salad, and pizza, albeit our group is a bit larger. The food has never disappointed. The salads are always "the best house salads" ever, and the pizza is always fresh from the oven in less than 15 minutes even with a packed house. Although with recent renovations, the place has grown, and had a face lift this is still the family restaurant we have known and loved for years. You are always greeted with a smile, the owner will always be there and converse with every table, and you will always leave full and satisfied.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/10/2014,30,135,10,9,10>In Mooresville off of exit 36 is Vivid Nightclub. I have been a few times with my Husband. Once we went because my husband wanted to see Farrah Abraham who was visiting and taking pictures with guests. This most recent trip was my husband's Birthday. Girls seem to always be free and guys are $10. Although I think Friday is couples night and couples get in for free. Boring stuff: This club is NICE. Once you get through the lobby it opens up to the main floor. Room is huge and looks beautiful. There is a ton of seating so you can choose to sit up front by the stage or on the side lines. Drinks are medium/high priced, servers are attentive and attractive and there is food but we haven't had any. Under 21 year olds have to wear a bright neon shirt so they are easy to spot. The nights we've been there were men of all ages and several under 21 guys.Fun stuff: Girls are awesome. You can tell they have their own personality by their dancing and music they choose. Many can do a ton of "stunts" all over the stage and pole. The first time it really caught me off-guard how many tricks so many of the dancers could do. There are girls of all shapes, sizes and ages and it seems as though there is something for everyone. The waitress said table dances were $10 each and VIP dances upstairs are $50...(Sometimes you can get a free t-shirt.)I would recommend this club for anyone, but couples may enjoy this club together especially if women are nervous to go or have been leery of taking their men to the club. This is a good one where you can feel comfortable together. Of course you will be approached, that's their job...but if you are polite and say no they will move on. If you want a dance you can get that too. Have fun!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,7/9/2014,58,60,4,7,4>How have I not reviewed Mattie's before?! I'm pretty much a regular over at Mattie's Diner and have had lunch there plenty of times. The service is always on point and friendly - never had to wait more than the standard time to receive my food which is basically unheard of. I tend to always get the Big Holla with tomato, which is a massive grilled cheese... no no, understand the word massive. This is definitely a big kid grilled cheese and it is STUFFED with cheese. As soon as you pull apart the sandwich the cheese is falling off the slices. Awesome sauce. I also dig the California wrap (I think that's what it's called) which is actually served on a pita and not a wrap. But it's turkey, guacamole, sprouts, lettuce and tomato. Also a winner and tastes fresh every time. I tend to pair these with either the mashed potatoes or the mac and cheese, which also doesn't skimp on the cheese and as an avid cheese lover, hey, I appreciate that, Mattie's! Another favorite is the buffalo dip - mighty tasty although the dip is a bit runny and I prefer my dips a bit more thicker but still worth an order. All in all, if it is your first time remember it is an old-fashioned diner which means it's a bit small and the grill cooks are right in front of you cooking up your order - which doesn't bother me but just a heads up. The diner is open 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays so great for a late night bite after running around the Music Factory. They also served about 8 selections of bottled beers and about a dozen different milkshakes as well. Nice  : )
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,7/8/2014,100,112,5,10,5>Deliciousness.  Has that reeled you in yet?  I had stopped by Viva Chicken for lunch and I fell totally in love with it.  Alright, I didn't have a chicken dish, but the Classic Saltado sounded too good to pass up.  The place is small, but I don't care, I was more interested in the food since it smelled so good upon walking in.  I ordered my food at the counter and it wasn't too long of a wait to get my food.  I would recommend to hurry up and get a table as it can get pretty crowded during a lunch rush!  The sauces that came with my dish were to die for!  I just kept dipping and dipping.  No shame man, no shame. What's cool about this place?  They are also very eco friendly!  Yay for trying to go green!  The servers are wonderful and everyone is so super nice.  When I had ordered at the register, the guy probably noticed I was a first timer and let me know about the dishes I had questions on and also informed me that they have a loyalty card.  Did I get a punch that day?  Heck yeah I did!  I plan on going back for more punches in my card!I've definitely have to go back and try some of their chicken dishes too!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/7/2014,28,98,2,5,4>This is one of my favorite sushi places in Charlotte. The atmosphere is intimate and cozy, especially if you get one of the hidden away booths. The sushi list is extensive and full of creative rolls and creative cocktails. The Rainbow Roll is one of the best ones I've ever had. The Jumanji Roll and Screaming O are wonderful as well. The service has always been excellent as well.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/6/2014,12,79,2,6,4>I'm a fan of this place and it's not solely because of the food. During my last visit I used the the $7 for $10 yelp special and the free chips check in.For $7 I got two tacos authenticos, a veggie empanada, a side of guacamole, a huge bag of tortilla chips, and about 5 different salsas from the salsa bar. Wow. It was about  2 meals worth of food.Love that Sabor has a private parking spot not too far from uptown. All food is made to order making it a perfect lunch spot. The inside is a little wonky. Not really decorated, an old building, nothing really special. They have $4 mojito specials on Thursday and other weekday specials (see photo).Now for the food. I was a little disappointed with how dry and unflavorful the chicken in my tacos were but with enough salsas smothered on I was pretty delighted.By the time I got to try the empanada it was a little oily/soggy which I cannot blame on Sabor, but was disappointing. Aside from the texture it tasted authentic and was very tasty.The chips and guacamole were delicious! I swear the bag of chips was the same size as a tostitos bag.Overall, 3.5 stars for food and 5 stars for convenience, value, and salsa bar. Ill definitely be returning to Sabor in the near future and I recommend you do as well.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,7/5/2014,31,55,4,6,5>In a strange turn of events - I found myself at Copper twice in two weeks after years of living in charlotte and never actually getting to eat here. Once for lunch and another time for Dinner. As for the food: I understand from my Indian friends that this is not the 'best, best, best' Indian place int the city. How ever, Not being and expert in indian food I found both of my meals to be quite delicious. I had different varieties of Masala on both occasions and enjoyed very much what I had.The service: I have to say that this is where Copper shined the brightest. On both occasions the staff was extraordinarily helpful and attentive in helping my party figure out what to order. They were very consultative and checked on us after tasting our food to confirm that we were happy with our choices. To me, this is the reason for my 5 star rating. I have have been to other Indian places, left to fend for myself and hated my order. Not so with Copper - it's truly a place where I felt comfortable ordering and knowing what to expect. All in all - I give it 5 stars. The staff really makes this place special.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/4/2014,87,175,3,7,4>Welcome to The Fountains shopping center!  DB's is brand new to the Ballantyne area and they have a tough road of ahead them.  When it comes to competing with Stonecrest and Blakeney for business, the pickens are pretty rare.  Having said that, I think DB's is the place to do it.  I'm definitely pulling for them and I will be out supporting.  First of all, because the place is excellent, but it definitely doesn't hurt that the place is walking distance from my house.  Absolutely love the new design of the place compared to how the Stadium bar had things setup because it just so much more welcoming.  The bar is now down on the lower level and is massive.  Plenty of space to sit or slip in to grab a drink.  They used the elevated section as an expanded area for sitting and it really works!  Overall, simply love the new setup.Food wise, the menu has some nice variety and it will take a few more drop-ins to find that WOW item.  But overall, I really like the selection.  We had the loaded tots and wings.  Well, my friend ordered the wings but he raved about them.  Multiple flavors to choose from and they had "a perfect mixture of crunchiness on the outside."  Monday nights are Wing Night and they offer 25% on their wings.  See you next Monday!Specials -  It seems that they have a special running for every day.  Check online on their facebook page for updates.  Wing Mondays, Taco Tuesday, half price wine Wednesdays, etc.  Oh yeah... Live music on Wednesdays, too.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,7/3/2014,27,89,,10,2>Nice location and they validate parking after 5pm and on Saturdays. They have an extensive martini menu and a good wine list. There are a limited number of appetizers, but I tried to the chicken spinach flat bread and the spinach dip which were really good. The night I went they had a Jazz band playing. Overall I would go back to Sydney's not sure if they offer any drink specials as our waitress didn't mention any and I didn't ask. The martini I had was 11 bucks but it was pretty big.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/2/2014,1034,436,7,13,7>Hot dogs are my jam, I can eat hot dogs anytime of the day, when I'm traveling, I will buy a hot dog and take a couple of bites even if I have just eaten, just for the love of hot dogs.  When I read about The Chili Man, I couldn't believe I didn't know about him! I once was lost but now I'm found.Weekdays (except Monday) you can find The Chili Man's food cart parked in front of BofA and Chima on Tryon.  He is serving up delicious hot dogs with homemade chili, slaw, mustard and spicy ketchup.  I would recommend going with someone so you can order three or four and cut them in half, so you can try different styles!!Food cart, canned soft drinks, chips.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,7/1/2014,92,226,2,4,2>Could Asbury be our new happy place? After a number of disappointing experiences at my former favorite farm to table restaurant uptown, Halcyon, we were seeking a new favorite. Hubby and I tried to go one night but they were booked on Open Table but last night we wandered in and luckily they were busy upstairs with a wine dinner but had left the main dining room unreserved. The seats were comfortable, which is important. Our server, Donnie, was absolutely fantastic and very knowledgeable and walked us through practically the whole menu and was candid about the menu and wine items. Their new menu bringing in summer items looked fantastic and there were several things I didn't get to try (BBQ Caramel popcorn, roasted beet salad that looked awesome, burrata cheese app, etc.). We did try the tableside ceviche which that night was grouper with lime/orange acidifying pourover. We were so hungry we didn't wait until it was cured, but it was delicious anyway and is similar to a hamachi & jalapeno app but really fresh and summery. The delicious bread from Local Loaf was warm and served with herb butter.We ordered the risotto and crab and ribeye entrees. The flavor profile on both were delicious. I'm not sure if the chef adjusted the recipe after hearing reviews but there was a really nice smoked lemon zest throughout that really was bright and crisp; perfect for summer! The ribeye flavor and vegetables were great but not enough portion for a hungry man- next time we'll order the roasted cauliflower side too.The dessert and wine menus looked great but didn't get to take full advantage of them. We took a peek at the brunch menu and since I'm not a pork eater, there aren't a ton of items I'll be eating but there was a cinnamon chip french toast that is on my list to try!All in all, we really enjoyed our experience and look forward to going back and trying more things.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/30/2014,126,906,1,8,4>After all the anticipation and the construction "uptown" the Knights have finally found a location to appropriately call home.  Don't get me wrong, I loved the Fort Mill stadium, but always seemed like it was so far removed from Charlotte and surrounding.  There was plenty of parking, which was a plus, but it seemed like you went to the game got your hot dog, snacks, beer, and entertainment and then got in the car and left.  At least with a stadium downtown, there is so much more potential to get the Knights into the fold for your daily activities.Hang out in the new RB park right next door or the French Quarter in the Latta Arcade strip before the game...  That's what my friends and I did before we got to the sold out game.  We had SRO tickets and I was a little leery about it, but it turned out great!  Aside from the grassy berm to sit on, there are plenty of places to stand behind the regular seats... even a waist high table to set drinks/food on along the outer perimeter.  The field is sunken in so there as a great view of the action from any perspective.Another great opportunity the builders of the stadium took advantage of was Charlotte's craft brewing scene.  You can get NoDa Breawing, TripleC, Birdsong, and Old Meck of the tap.  There are plenty of food stands along the perimeter of the whole place!There looks like there are plenty of private boxes above...  I've only had the pleasure of watching a Knights game from a box once, but something about being outside in the fresh air, cold beer in hand, and sun on your face that totally says baseball to me.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/29/2014,208,546,,8,1>Nice selection of beers and a really lovely use of the outdoor space at Pint Central. It was great seeing the owner out and about and I can definitely see this as a place I will go to grab a drink after work, or to meet up with friends on weekends in the summer. I didn't realize they served food-but it all looked pretty tasty to me, so I will update when I return. A couple of suggestions... It would be great if they had a few cider or fruit beer options for those that enjoy that. Also, parking is REALLY tight so plan on walking or parking on the street.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,6/28/2014,129,75,2,4,3>The food was great! Whatever you do don't forget the fried pickles! The people were nice, service was a little slow because they had so many larger parties all show up and sit at the same time. The people kept flowing in and after eating there I know exactly why. I had the ribeye sandwich which was great. My wife and daughter loved their burgers and that's always a good sign (8 oz burgers, now you're talking) We will be back!.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,6/27/2014,89,238,2,3,2>It's nice to be surprised every once in awhile. Not ghost story type of surprise but the kind of nice surprise that involves a place in a great area, dog friendly where I can snag a drink. Bulldog is less than two miles from my house and will quickly become a favorite stop, I'm sure. Take a bottle of wine home for $4 less (uncorkage fee I guess) than enjoying it in the shop. Parking is limited and they are a bit hard to find right after the Shell on Park Road and near Ru Sans. mmm sushi...well at least across from the shopping center were RuSans is. I digress, sit at the bar or on a few comfy couches. Super friendly bartender and owner, beer on tap or by the bottle wide variety of irreverent and local brews. Prices were reasonable and a very wide selection.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,6/26/2014,205,512,3,7,4>My son has been attending lessons here for several months and he really seems to like the instructors here.  The classes are not overcrowded and the instructors work well with the kids.  They offer great packages for extended periods of time, but I only wish they were closer to my side of town.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,6/24/2014,92,48,1,8,4>I was so excited to see a new restaurant at the front of Regent Park after Eat Well closed so quickly, and I have not been disappointed on the three visits I have made here!Amy Fortes' (Chef and Owner, along with Jon Fortes) last gig, I'm told, was Upstream, so we are so happy for that calibre of chef to be in our little neck of the woods. She is amazing and so hospitable! Each visit she has been on the floor making sure all her customers are doing well. The service has always been efficient, but warmly friendly for us. Amy specializes in local fare, and the current vendors are listed on the board over the coffee bar. The following farmers were listed when we visited: Tega Hills Farm, Barbee Farms in Concord, as well as Counter Culture Coffee in Durham, NC among several others.The menu is limited but covers a range of tastes and is highly creative. Servings are not large, but I found they were more than adequate, and my taste buds were totally satisfied.I went twice for dinner. I had the Flipside Melt, their signature hamburger: wonderful Brioche bun; fabulous Pimento Cheese with T.O.P. jam and perfectly crispy Potato Wedges. My BF had Amy's Shepard Pie, made with Braised Shortribs, which she loved. We also split the Flipside Bibb, a salad made with Peppadews (slightly sweet & spicy), Blue Cheese, Buffalo Bacon and a tasty Vinaigrette.Next time I had the Roasted Salmon with Asparagus Noodles, Grits (not a big fan but loved these because they were flavored with) Bacon Jam and Smoked Tomato Cream. Salmon was perfectly cooked and I loved the combination of sauce flavors, which seems to be something Amy excels at. My husband had the Iron Skillet Roasted NY Strip served with Potato Purée, Wilted Kale and Charred Onion Butter. Once again, cooked perfectly and so flavorful.When I went for Brunch, I and my BFF had the Lobster Quiche with Bacon, Asparagus, Smoked Cheddar and Fruit. The filling was very flavorful, although the crust itself was dry. (Someone else I know had a muffin and was unimpressed so baking may not be their forte.) My husband had a Benne! Benne! their version of Eggs Benedict which was melt in your mouth wonderful!Here's hoping they get enough business at this location to stay longer than Eat Well, who was also pretty good. They are really already cramped, especially on Sundays (not a good time to go!).
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,6/23/2014,68,235,,4,2>I'm gonna say that I am not one to normally buy juices like this but I tried it at an event and it was really good. I branched out this time and tried the green clean. It tastes a little grassy if you aren't use to it but over all refreshing. My favorite is still the Beet Boost.Located in the 7th street market with free parking conveniently located. The people at the counter are friend and check outs quick and easy. I was happy to see they took credit cards.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,6/22/2014,66,70,4,6,3>My husband is expensive.  Sorry honey, it's true.  You're just lucky you married a thrift store monkey to balance out your taste or I'd be reviewing soup kitchens instead of dry cleaners right now.  Anyways, to get to my point, my husband has all his shirts custom made and tailored ($$$) and we've been often disappointed by the treatment other dry cleaners have given his very special special clothes.  After the third place ruined another shirt ($$$$) through its third-party cleaning facility, we finally asked his tailor which service he would recommend.  He said, hands down, V-Cleaners.  V-Cleaners does all of it's drycleaning and alterations in house.  Your clothes are always ready by the next day after 3pm, the prices are VERY affordable, and the couple who runs the place are so sweet.  The problem?  They are located 30 minutes away from our home and their parking lot is impossible for my truck to fit, so I have to often get creative... and I'm a horrible driver.  That's a one hour trip twice a week in my gas guzzler + the impending parking accident = $$$$$$$$$$$$.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/21/2014,74,627,3,4,3>Mama's is solid Italian food.  Great wine selections by the glass & bottle. I love their Tuscan Salad & add shrimp.  The small is plenty for a meal.They have a great patio with a fireplace table that is cozy.  The patio can be enclosed & heated so they use it all year round.The servers are always friendly and helpful as are the staff at the host station and mgmt.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,6/20/2014,125,274,3,6,5>I really had a great experience at Basil Thai.  I found the atmosphere to be sophisticated, with a very cool "uptown" vibe.  It is dimly lit and rather small so there is limited seating.  Some of the tables seemed to be on top of one another but it still "worked."The service was solid, friendly and consistent throughout our evening.  We had a party of 6 chatty, giggly women and our server handled us all quite well.  He was on top of his game and new the menu well.  His upselling was very subtle so it didn't bother me at all.I went with a pretty basic meal...pad thai but it was very good!  The only thing I would say is that I wish it was a little spicier.  The waiter informed us that it does not come with spice but you can add mild, medium or hot spices to the dish.  I went with medium and it still didn't give it much pizazz!  I also didn't taste the "peanut" sauce at all.  The dish was good but I would have enjoyed a few more pieces of shrimp and a little more flavor/spice.  I will definitely come back.  I would love to try their curry dishes.One other thing that keeps this from being 5 stars is the fact that they pour a very small glass of wine.  We estimated that it must be around 4oz but yet you pay full price (8-12 dollars).The location is key and if you go there for dinner you are surrounded by other "fun" spots if you choose to continue your evening in the uptown area.  You are right there across from 5 Church, next to Dandelion Market, near Cowbell, Roxbury and a few other places.  I'll be back!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,6/19/2014,216,466,4,6,4>I have to admit I went a little nuts the first time I tried this store out.  I was looking for some unique spices for a new 5 alarm chili recipe and boy this place delivered.  It is a cute little shop with sections around the store for various types of spices like Baking or BBQ etc.  The folks working there are super helpful and will make sure you find what you are looking for.I went back a few days later for some nutmeg.  Replacing my weird generic store bought brand with the real thing felt AWESOME.  They have a refill policy too where you get a discount if you bring in your previously purchased bottle of spice, they will give you a discounted baggied refill.  Very nice!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/18/2014,36,206,2,9,3>Even though I live a mile from Sky, I didn't even know it had opened (and that Tony Roma's had closed) til I saw their Groupon and tried to figure out where they were.  The fella and I ventured in on a Wednesday night - the evening of the great blizzard of '14 - and there were only a few cars in the parking lot.  Hmmm.The atmosphere is nice and still has a little Tony Roma's feel, but the service was fast and efficient, and the prices seemed pretty reasonable.  I also appreciated the '80s adult contemporary soundtrack - Christopher Cross, Peter Cetera, and Air Supply are alive and well at Sky, and I loved it.We started with the bang bang shrimp ($7), and I thought it was much better than Wan Fu's and pretty close to Bonefish, which is my favorite.  For dinner, I got the sweet and sour chicken ($10), and the fella - Mr. Sushi Snob - went out on a limb and got the Sky Roll ($13) and the Salmon Lovers Roll ($13) at the recommendation of all y'all who commented on how good their sushi was.  I braced myself for the inevitable monologue about how hard it is to find good sushi, and what do the Yelpers know, blah blah blah, but he actually really liked it!  This is as rare an occurrence as snow in Charlotte.  The s&s chicken was solid, but my favorite part was that the sauce came on the side instead of smothering the chicken like most places do it.  For our appetizer, two entrees, and two glasses of wine, it was $60, which was much more reasonable with the $25 Groupon.  I hope the light traffic tonight was because of the snow, and I hope Sky does really well here!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,6/17/2014,12,112,3,4,3>BUSY ALL THE TIME!! Every time I eat at Cabo it's packed. Doesn't seem to matter if it's on a monday night or a friday night. They are always hopping. One thing's for sure, though, the food is worth the wait! I haven't had anything I didn't LOVE here! My usual are the bbq mahi tacos with a side of slaw. YUM. Just the right amount of spice for me on the tacos and the slaw is delicious. The beer selection is pretty great and they have margaritas galore. Parking can be tricky because NODA has limited spaces near the main drag. Be prepared to walk a little.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/16/2014,87,58,3,8,6>I came, I saw, I toasted. If you love breakfast food, then Toast is the spot to be. They do their breakfast and brunch menus right. You want eggs? Sure, we can do them in 20 different ways, how would you like yours? You like pancakes? We like pancakes too and will gladly serve it to you in one of several flavors if you manage to make up your mind on which. Come on an empty stomach because their job is to fill it. Fun facts: They call their pancakes flapjacks. And their breakfast line on the weekdays is a mere pop in and sit down compared to their wrap-around-the-corner line for brunch on weekends. Toast, I toast you for becoming my new favorite brunch spot in town.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,6/15/2014,64,99,5,8,8>Ode to Zoes-by K. Ferg.Brick and mortar coffee house slash creativity venue bursting with cool ass individuals.Shirt and shoes required, I think. But personality and character is a must.Sit comfy, sip slowly and enjoy raw unfiltered talent.Zoes (insert finger snap)I looove coming here for concerts, jam sessions and especially open mic night! This is definitely to most chillaxed place in town. No need to drive to Noda to enjoy a vibe like this. Coffee, beer, wine, food, great talent and an appreciation for creative expression?!? You can't go wrong. Love love love!!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/14/2014,23,95,2,4,3>Halcyon is one of the coolest, most eclectic spots in all of Charlotte.  While it's bit pricey, it is well worth it.  The atmosphere here is one of my favorite parts of it.  There are walls of windows looking out over uptown Charlotte.  The dining room is small and open.  It's nice, but very casual and earthy.  I love the tables, they are made of what looks like huge thinly cut tree stumps.  That is probably giving you a very weird visual, but it'll make sense once you see them.  You also have the Mint Museum right there and you don't even have to walk outside to go to it.The cocktail menu is the most unique list you will find anywhere.  You'll see all kinds of original concoctions that are created by the on-staff mixologist who is basically a genius.  For food, there are lots of offerings that you won't find at many restaurants (rabbit sausage anyone?) as well as some Southern classics like shrimp and grits.  The most recent dish I had there was the duck confit.  It was truly outstanding.  Fresh ingredients, tender meat, and loaded with flavor.  If Halcyon is not on your short list of places to try, go ahead and put it on there, stat.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/13/2014,729,453,4,7,6>So, it's a Saturday morning and I'm in the kitchen making over-easy eggs accompanied by toast, baby tomatoes and fresh basil and my boyfriend in the living room says, "you're cooking? I thought we could go to brunch." Oh... okay. I never say no to brunch so stopped in my tracks and plated the "breakfast appetizers," considering it a good idea since any good breakfast place in Charlotte seems to have a 20-30 minutes wait.I was right. We drove down to South Park and put our name in (30 minute wait, as anticipated) and decided to do a little shopping at the Container Store while we waited. We're getting pretty good at fitting errands into dining based on location. Anyway, once 25-30 minutes had gone by we headed back to Terrace, where the hostess was ready to take us to our table. Perfect timing! We were seated upstairs overlooking the restaurant and ordered coffee and fresh orange juice. I had the shrimp and grits (I'm becoming quite the southerner) and we shared a side of the red velvet waffles... OMG. Both were so amazing. I'm not even a waffle person when I brunch, but these were stellar. Also, give me something cajun with a side of okra and I'm a happy girl- big fan of Terrace's shrimp and grits. I left full but surprisingly not feeling TOO full- we still had a lot of errands to run that day. Oh, Saturdays!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,6/12/2014,165,779,2,5,2>Seriously, if you live in the area and you have a disposition for good beer, you MUST try this place out.  No food there, but there are food choices around.  Mindful of that, just come in, grab a pint and then do a little craft beer shopping to your hearts content.  I made my first stop in last week and was pretty impressed by the rareity of some of the beers and the bountiful selection of some of the more decent ones.  The service was more than happy to help pick out something to try and the atmosphere in general was very relaxed and nothing like say, a Total Wine kind of experience.  They have bar seating if you like as well as some high top tables and also some lounge chairs to help kick back and take it all in.  This place is nice.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,6/11/2014,117,303,,5,2>Although the menu is limited at Dolce, the food is very good.  It is some of the more authentic Italian food in Charlotte.  Unlike most places, they make their sauce and their dough from scratch.  The sauce is not out of a can as it is at most Italian places in Charlotte.  I had the mista salad which not only was very fresh, but could have been a small meal.  I also had the sorrento pasta with shrimp and it was delicious.  There were five in our party, and everyone enjoyed their meals.  The service was also very good.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,6/10/2014,46,131,3,4,3>I went here two days back to get a mani-pedi done. I haven't tried any other services here so I can't comment on them, but for the mani-pedi I sure can!Firstly this is a new business. It's been around just for 2-3 months, but looks very nice on the inside. It's very clean, with lots of windows for natural light. Now over to the services.Stacelyn did my mani-pedi. I got a gel manicure and a regular pedicure and so I spent quite some time trying to settle on a gel color I like for my manicure and then finding a matching color for my pedicure from the regular nail polish. Stacey was very patient with me throughout my being-picky process and even helped. My pedicure was very detailed and she made me feel very welcome. We talked a lot during the time I was there and I already like her a lot as a person and as a nail technician. She spent a long time on my pedicure, making sure everything was perfectly done, giving me tips for maintaining the pedicure and my nails later. She even included my boyfriend in our conversations and offered him a chair by me when he came to pick me up and I wasn't done yet.The gel manicure was the highlight of the visit. It was my first time getting it done and she patiently addressed all of my questions and concerns. She took very good care of my hands (which sounded much better in my head) and my nails look great! Even though this place may be a bit pricier than your average nail salon it's totally worth it! I also loved the fact that it wasn't busy at all so neither of us felt rushed.I did have a small problem with two ladies trying to sell my boyfriend their reflex massage or whatever it was saying "while you wait for her" followed by several uncomfortable looks they threw at me as they walked around the place. But the oh-so-pleasant Stacey totally made up for that. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and other Yelpers for the nails. The girl at the cash register (gosh why am I so bad with names?) was really nice too, helping me pick the right color for my skin and being nice and pleasant all along.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,6/9/2014,43,208,3,5,3>Here are a couple reviews of Central Coffee from my 6th grade students who took a field trip there for YELP Club:Isaac: My dad is in the coffee business and I know a good coffee when I taste one. That is good coffee. I suggest the "Central Shorty".The place is kind of small which is one draw back. Another is detection, the bathrooms are hard to find. (They are in the very back). The food is as good as the coffee. They just sell ala cart food nothing like a full course meal. The service is very good. People are so nice!Overall i give Central Coffee a 4 star!Samantha: Central Coffee Central Coffee was very enjoyable. The food was delicious, although a little expensive. I got hot chocolate and pound cake. The pound cake was delicious. So was the hot chocolate. It was a rainy day, so it was really crowded though. It would be nice if hey had more room, or an awning over the outdoor seating. It is kind of expensive though, which is a problem. They also should advertise more, since in order to love it, you first have to discover it. All in all, though it is pretty nice. Four StarsEmmett: I have been to central coffee a few times and I must admit it is very consistent. The coffee is a bit expensive, but the pumpkin and central shorties are delicious and easy on the wallet. The service was great every time(it was usually the same people.) I have had the Carmel frappe a few times as we'll it is expensive but good. The seating is very comfortable and it is usually very quite, good for work. As cleanliness goes it is clean and looks pretty good.Thays: My experience at central coffee was wonderful. Since I am not a coffee fan I was happy to see that they have a bunch of other drinks such as hot chocolate, water, etc. I ordered the hot chocolate and it was the perfect temperature it had a great taste The servers were very nice and friendly they seemed happy and in a good mood The price was really good I got a medium hot chocolate for three dollars and I thought it would be around five seven dollars. The one thing that I did not enjoy was the space it was so crampedI was basically right next to the person sitting at a table And seating was not enjoyable  it was all tight and crampy. The decor was beautiful it had an antique touch and it was very creative. For me finding central coffee was difficult it was in a really small corner and hard to see.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,6/8/2014,57,290,9,12,4>Give this place a little time, and it's going to rock.  Came here for their soft opening on Friday night for residents and such.  Overall 4 stars, but Miss Cleo said to go ahead and give this place 5 stars right now.  (Also, the posted food photo sampling is courtesy of a friend).Our posse had plenty of critique and feedback concerning the execution of the dishes, but let's face it, it looked like everyone finished the mac and cheese, the steak, the ahi tuna, the lamb loins, and the short ribs regardless.  Can you really take our criticism seriously if we've essentially licked our plates clean?  I couldn't criticize much:  I love the seared ahi tuna plate, we may go down to city hall and register to marry.All of the salads were innovative and I can def see a few becoming my staples here.  I'm no kale man, but I could be.  It's been a couple of days since trying the beet salad, but I'm going through withdrawal issues.  For those clamoring for a restaurant with a beautiful view of Charlotte's Uptown, look no further... this spot has the best view of Charlotte.   Fahrenheit is hot, and it's only the beginning.dmo out.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,6/7/2014,53,155,1,7,4>I haven't been on yelp in awhile and I have neglected to post about some of my favorite places (new years resolution of 2014- get back into reviewing)Frock Shop is a staple in my wardrobe. It is an old house on Central (if coming from Uptown and on Central- once you see Intermezzo you have missed it). There is a beautiful wrap around porch. Once you walk inside- you are greeted with an extremely friendly, red headed lady who makes certain you find what you want. If you are the type of shopper who likes to be alone (like me!)- she will leave you alone. If you are the sort of shopper who enjoys help- she is more than willing to help.Frock Shop also has men's clothing, accessories (THE SCARVES) and jewelry. There always seems to be an event going on at Frock Shop. Check out her facebook page for more info. We went to one that was a gallery opening (THERE IS ART!). This is the sort of store you linger in. Accept the glass of wine. Bring a friend, mother in law, sister, co worker. Sit on the front porch. Enjoy really shopping without the hassle and abrasive lights of the mall and without the stress of shopping online.Oh- and it is local. I heart local. FYI- I'm fairly certain she is not open on Mondays and Tuesdays. Also, this is one of my "must see" places for out of town guests
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/6/2014,192,333,,8,3>Luna's Living Kitchen is an oasis amongst eateries offering comfort food to the extreme. Don't get me wrong... Fried chicken, buttery biscuits and calorie dense mac & cheese hold a special place in my heart (and stomach!). But you won't find any of that at Luna's Living Kitchen. Their carefully thought out plates of well executed (and beautiful) food proved to me that you don't need refined sugar, preservatives, eggs, dairy, or animal products to deliver delicious food. Raw food was a foreign concept to me. It sounded boring and dull. I imagined a vegans diet consisted of eating carrot sticks, celery, and salads all days. I left Luna's with a changed view of the vegan diet and an immense appreciation for how delicious vegan cuisine could be. My girlfriend and I made our way to Luna's on a Saturday afternoon. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful day. Our waitress was attentive and helpful in offering suggestions. I opted for the Fire & Brimstone veggie burger and she chose the Living Burrito. We both ordered coffee with homemade coconut milk. My burger (one of the few cooked items) was amazing. The chipotle sunflower hummus added a nice, subtle, spiciness. My friend really enjoyed her Living Burrito. She was amazed at how well the collard leaf worked as a wrap. The coffee was nice and strong and the coconut milk added a great flavor to it. I am really looking forward to sampling more of Luna's menu. The Iced Coffee with coffee ice cubes sounds awesome and so do many of the smoothies. Yes, the prices are a bit high but you get what you pay for. Fresh, high quality, local ingredients (we saw a chef walk into Atherton Market and emerge with a fresh bunch of Collard greens!!) prepared in a way that is sure to please any palate! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/5/2014,96,265,5,9,6>I only want the best for my dogs.  Beauty of Club Fetch is... not only is it the highest quality facility that I've seen in Charlotte, the pricing is exceptionally reasonable!  Highlight that with the fact that you can tell that their love for the animals is first and foremost. If you are seeking a reliable place for your pets, you need to visit to see the facility.  The dogs are divided by their size/energy level and I was blown away by the organization.  All is extremely clean, doesn't have the typical odor as other place (typically from lack of cleanliness), and the actual facility (from the pet cots, kennel quality and size, to the cleaning room.  They have multiple options available for stay packages, day packages, and walks.  Extremely impressive operation.  Club Fetch has gone above and beyond expectations for our furry family.  If you are anything like me, you will be elated to have Club Fetch in SouthEnd.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,6/4/2014,212,802,3,3,2>I was staying down in Fort Mill the weekend of St. Patrick's Day, and after we had dinner, we decided to go down to Baxter to have a couple of beverages.  When we arrived (probably around 9 or 9:30), the place was pretty packed inside and a lot of people were also hanging out on the patio.  The bar was really crowded, so getting up there to place a drink order was going to be a challenge - then out of nowhere a friendly server appeared to take our drink orders, YAY!  Since they were celebrating St. Patty's day early, there were a couple of drink specials.  One of the specials was a martini with mint -chocolate - I think it was called the Skinny Mint.  OMG, this thing was heavenly - it tasted like mint chocolate chip ice cream! I think the normal price was $12, but on this night, it was only $8.  The bar also had live music going, so it was a great spot to hang out & people watch.  The only negative thing about the place is the bathroom situation.  They have a single toilet for men and a single toilet for women.... needless to say, with all the drinking going on, lines for both got really long at times!! One cool thing about Cloud 9 is that you can see all types of people hanging out in one spot... it is definitely a mixed crowd, which makes things interesting! You will see all ethnicities, as well as rednecks, LGBTs, young professionals,  married couples, divorcees, cougars, college kids, retirees, transplants from the northeast (Think My Cousin Vinny), hippies, blue collar folks, white collar folks, etc. all under the same roof!  How fun is that?!!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,6/3/2014,876,4126,22,28,25>I used to live on Long Island, so I know a little bit about bagels. This was good, but it wasn't a classic Brooklyn bagel. Maybe it's the water here in the Charlotte area? It was still a good bagel, toasted with some scallion cream cheese.The coffee was good too.Nice that they have a free wifi. Comfortable seating area, maybe a nice place to chill with a laptop for a bit.My only complaint is that when the gal asked me for the combo, it looked like it's supposed to come with a couple of mini-muffins. No biggie - I don't need that many more carbs!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,6/2/2014,94,181,4,5,3>So I've read all the hype about Cowfish and for some, unknown reason, I never made an effort to go there. Maybe because I heard horror stories about the ridiculously long lines, maybe because so many places with similar reputations just don't live up to hype.....I don't know. But my best friends were in town and I decided to pick an "off time" to dine (we went at 3pm on a Sunday), if there is ever such a time at this establishment. And thankfully, the wait was less than 10 minutes and we grabbed a seat outside on this lovely day.First thing we noticed was the HUGE and exhaustive menu. My Gawd....there's more choices on the menu than people named Chin in a Chinese telephone book! Not necessarily a bad thing, mind you. But sometimes you got to wonder if having TOO many choices can lead to execution errors? Maybe I've been watching too many Food Network/Kitchen Nightmare programs......Back to the review. We started with their coconut battered onion rings with 2 types of dipping sauces: 1 was your traditional ranch style sauce (with Sriracha or horseradish I believe) and another was a Thai sweet chili sauce. Both were excellent, and the onion was surprisingly VERY good. Not soggy at all, crisp with excellent flavor. Great start.On to the sushi rolls. Got the Mark's Roll which is not on their online menu. It had tuna and cream cheese in it. Tempura battered and flash fried. Need I say more? Was delicious. Not uber flavorful but the texture contrast was excellent. Also tried their Blackened Tuna roll, with lump crab meat, and sliced jalapenos. Almost tasted like a mini crab cake, with heat. Was good. Not the best sushi I've ever had but a solid roll. My buddy Dean got the Ultimate Bento Box, which had a very delicious sushi roll, an excellent blend of Thai Sweet/Heat cucumber salad, a double stacked mini burger, edamame and some sweet potato fries. Very good. His wife Lisa got the Greek Salad, which was HUGE! Tip for Ladies......this is one LARGE salad! It would have feed all of us big guys at the table.....just sayin.....And it WAS yummy with fried battered pepperoncinis! Never had them like that before. My buddy and I both got their burgers, as this after all IS supposedly a burger joint! I got the Black Truffle Cheeseburger (they had me at truffle) and my buddy Steve got Boursin Bacon Burger (they had him with Boursin/Bacon). Both met my burger criteria of SLOPPY (meaning uber juicy), flavorful, and cooked no more than MEDIUM (for flavor). The mushrooms were fresh and black truffle cheese excellent! Oh and they serve them on BRIOCHE! I mean, who doesn't love a buttery brioche! The French are probably cringing that we Americans put a BURGER on them! But WTF, who CARES! It was AWESOME to have those flavors stuck between buttery pieces of soft bread! Good call Cowfish!Finally, like THAT wasn't enough food, my buddy Steve gets a Carmel Chocolate Espresso Milkshake! He really need those extra 1000 or so calories to wash down the 3000 we just consumed! But boy was it delicious!Tip #2: If you're on ANY kind of diet whatsoever, Cowfish is NOT YOUR PLACE! "Danger Will Robinson - the Calories are attacking!" But if you want excellent and flavorful food, then Cowfish IS the place for you! I had to "suspend" my diet for this day.....now I've got to bicycle around the world twice and ingest 5 doses of Lipator to get back on track....Can't wait to go back to try their PRIME TIME FILET & LOBSTER ROLL. That sounds yummy!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,6/1/2014,15,34,5,7,4>I'm a fan of the movie, the Lebowski Burger and Gold rush wings. Great place to grab lunch or dinner or late night snack. It is a sports bar and it can get boisterous but I like that atmosphere every now and then. The lighting in the evening is dim, which can make a night out with the hubs seem romantic until I get Gold sauce all over my fingers, but not so dark that you struggle to read the menu. Seating is sometimes limited for large parties, but we never had a problem with 2 or 3.  We come here once or twice a month and  I oscillate between the Lebowski Burger (Angus burger topped with roast beef and queso on a weck roll) and the Gold wings. Definetly a Yankee thing to have to pay extra to swap chips for fries or any other side but not a deal breaker. The garlic fries are good but I usually try to order a salad when I get the Lebowski Burger. 'Dat burger. Mmmm. 'Dat burger. So thick and juicy! I think the caraway seeds and salt on the Weck roll is what sets it above all other burgers. Or it could be the queso sauce. I keep saying I will try the beef on weck or some other entree but I haven't had the willpower yet. It calls to my soul and I give in almost every time. Wings. Yup. They know what they're doing. Gold Wings are a sweet, spicy tangy sauce and the wings are perfectly crisp. I could eat 20 by myself. Okay, maybe 30 if I was starving and had no haters dining with me, but I usually split 10 with the hubs for an app. They have daily specials (I always want to come here for the Monday Date Night special - 2 burgers for $12 - but we never seem to make it over there).  We've been for the Wednesday Wing special before (1/2 price wings) but I probably will never do that again. I have a lack of self control around chicken wings.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,5/31/2014,53,163,,3,4>Birdsong is my favorite brewery in NoDa.  I love the atmosphere and the huge outdoor patio.  The bartenders are always very friendly and willing to help you find something you'll like.  Though I was sad when my favorite beer got discontinued, but such is life!  I love that we can bring our dog here, and she loves all the attention she gets.  They don't serve food, just the free peanuts, but there is usually a food truck parked nearby or you can bring your own.  Definitely a great chill place to spend a few hours hanging out!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,5/30/2014,22,50,4,5,4>The name says it all....This isn't "just" coffee.  Not to imply that they offer so much more than just coffee.  More so that this isn't your average coffee.  This coffee puts any other coffee you've ever enjoyed to absolute shame!Fresh coffee made with an exciting flare right before your eyes.  Counter culture beans and delicious pour over are aplenty.  Don't know what that means?  Google it because I'm new to the scene and certainly not the best guy to try to explain it.  All I can tell you is that it's damn good stuff!The staff here is friendly and uber talented.  The owner, James Yoder, really knows his way around a coffee mug.  He's recently competed in some national coffee crafting competitions and is an all around nice guy.  This place is located inside of the 7th Street Public Market in Uptown Charlotte and has a bit of a hipster vibe.  A great place to meet a friend and chat over a cup of your favorite freshly brewed coffee.  Also in the market is Local Loaf bakery where you can grab breakfast or a light pastry while you enjoy your coffee drink of choice.There's no need for sweeteners and froufrou creamers in this joint.  Incredible coffee that can be enjoyed in its purity and it won't cost you $5 a cup like that "other place" people think has "real" coffee.  Granted, if you like the froufrou stuff, they can do that too.  I find myself craving their coffee on a regular basis now.  I think I need to closeout this review so that I can go get me a cup!  Don't forget to validate your parking ticket from the attached garage.  You park for free if you are out within 90 minutes.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/29/2014,15,160,1,8,5>Ah, what to say about Stagioni? I can preface my review by saying that I am not usually a fan of Italian food, or more precisely the same old tired Italian food. Looking at the menu before making a reservation, I was already salivating and torn on what to order. My friend had already been there for drinks and suggested that we park out back, because the majority of the parking is out back off Fenton Place with only a few spots out front on Providence.We were greeted warmly and sat immediately in front of the open kitchen. There are even 6-8 seats with a closer view of the kitchen in a straight bar type set up. Our server was on the spot to take drink orders, drop off bread and go over the menu with the group, including specials. I was expecting a slightly larger dining area and a more formal dress, but neither was the case and also neither was a problem. As the evening went on, there seemed to be a more formal dressed crowd, but overall it was a relaxed atmosphere and the dining room did not feel cramped.Now onto the food, we started with some sputini or snacks which in this case were small portions to share. The group of four chose 5 different options to include chicken skin, truffled cauliflower, pickled veggies, house made ricotta and mortadella mousse. My standout was the mortadella mousse, just imagine spreadable mortadella. No one really liked the chicken skins as they were not really seasoned, even the person that really wanted to order them was disappointed. They weren't bad tasting but just under seasoned. The other 3 were great and very flavorful. When the snacks arrived, I ask our server for the clam and mussel pizza for the table to share, as I had forgot to order it the first go around. It came out quickly and it was pipping hot. It also came with a pair of pizza scissors for me to use. Well there is a first time for everything and they worked great to cut the pizza. The pizza had cauliflower purée as the sauce and topped with bacon and the aforementioned clams and mussels. It was delicious and I can easily see coming here just for drinks and their inventive pizzas.On to the mains, 2 people, including myself had the grouper special which came with ramps and a ramp pesto. The fish was cooked to perfection and all the flavors blended together well. The other 2 diners, including the wife chose some house made pastas. Now the fish was good, but the pastas were out of this world good. It brought me back to my first trip to Italy over 20 years ago. Needless to say that next time, I am getting a pasta dish for my main. The pastas chosen were the rigatoni and triangle shaped goat cheese stuffed ravioli. For dessert, we went with buffet and by that I mean that we all chose one and we all shared. The cannoli were great in my mind as well as the raspberry gelato and pistachio gelato. The pear skillet cake was just alright and for me the zeppoli were not my thing, but everyone else at the table loved them. I think that they are just not in my flavor profile.If you are wondering what we had to drink, nothing really stood out as far as the cocktails that we had. They have an extensive wine list that may be your best bet. I did find that the cocktails and deserts were a little pricy compared to the food. Either way, the food was fantastic overall and maybe we will try some wine next time. The few minor things that weren't perfect like the chicken skin and cocktails don't take away from a 5 star experience and I look forward to an evolving seasonal menu. After all, stagioni means season in Italian and I will hold them to that. It could also mean not the same old tired Italian food as well.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/28/2014,137,460,3,6,3>This was really the best India buffet lunches I have experienced.  I am not a great big fan of Indian cuisine but when I can see and read what I am about to consume, it's a lot easier.  With numerous selections, I made two trips to the buffet for lunch and I never do that!  I ate way more than I should have.  The best items were chicken and vegetable biryani, butter chicken (delicious), papad, plantains, and the fresh fruit.  Everything I had was delicious because I selected them.  My only issue was that mango pudding was not on the buffet this particular day.  Otherwise, this was a great meal and really look forward to returning.  Oh, and service was great and I ran into a former co-worker!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/27/2014,454,65,1,7,3>I love this place! A few months ago I had a really bad allergic reaction to some lotion on my face that sudden appeared out of nowhere and resembled acne. Fast forward and it seems that the acne is under control (or at least controllable) but I was left with hyper pigmentation (dark spots) on my cheeks and forehead. I was introduced to Kelly (owner of Haven Spa Boutique) and she immediately sat down with me and gave me a full skin mapping (under the bright light...I mean the works). She customized a facial program for me and I have noticed a tremendous difference. My skin is softer, less breakouts, and most importantly...the dark spots are fading! I know she will get my skin back to were it used to be and better. Since then I have also gotten my eyelashes tinted and they turned out great...it looks like I have on light mascara most days. I truly recommend this place...you won't be disappointed (plus she takes continued education which is a major score for me...it make me trust her more with my skin knowing she's taking additional classes for different types of skin)!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,5/26/2014,61,127,1,8,2>I had a craving for Mediterranean food and i heard they had OMB Dunkel on draft so I headed over for dinner.  I got some fried cheese appetizer.  I was offered pita bread with it, but ate it alone.  It was great.  They pan fry it so it's nice and crispy but not too greasy.Then I had the lamb burger with the chick pea salad.   I debated what temperature to get the burger.  I'm a medium rare steak but medium well burger kind of person so i went with medium for this.  The lamb was juicy and not gamey like lamb can sometimes be.  The chick pea salad was a great complement and wasn't too salty or oily like those salads can be with prepared dressings.  Service was great, but i was there off peak.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/25/2014,56,401,1,12,5>Knocked this one out of the park!  Throwback Kitchen is exactly what Rock Hill has needed for years.  It's small, it's quaint, it's warm, inviting and friendly.You can tell when you walk in, that you're going to like this place.  It says, "Welcome to the fifties.  Stay a while."  This is the kind of place that makes me want to hang out and try all their food.The owner, Keith, will welcome you as you enter.  You can tell he's excited about what he and his wife have built, and what he does for a living.  I'm used to having my expectations built up, to experience a major let down...over...and...over...and over.  Not here.Ordered a breakfast sandwich with ham and an over-medium egg on an English muffin.  Exactly what I was hoping for...perfect.  A small bowl of seasoned potatoes and a slice of cake.  Whoooo!  I don't even know what I just ate, but it was really good!Fellow foodies and Yelpaholics will know what I'm saying, when I say, "I couldn't wait to get outside and take a picture of their sign."Rock Hill...listen up!  Support the Throwback Kitchen.  We need to make this a permanent staple of our community.Try:  Whatever the chef recommendsAvoid:  Missing out on this place
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/24/2014,74,148,,6,4>I've gone here a few times and was pleasantly surprised they offered a veggie "burger" option that wasn't just a veggie pattie. They use mondo sized portobella mushrooms which is lightly battered tempura style and top it off with large onion rings. A little on the greasy side but full of flavor with their signature bang bang sauce. For a veggie option it's the same cost as a meat option which I don't see how that is fair. I usually order it with sweet potato fries with a sweet maple white sauce but the sweet potato fries are always over cooked and rubbery. If you've ever been to a Zoe's Kichen or Panera that is how this restaurant is set up. But the atmosphere reminds you of a Chipotle. You go in, fall in line and order and they give you a number as you wait at a table of your choosing. Service is very friendly and helpful with their menu.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,5/22/2014,8,70,,8,4>Andy has continued to be our auto life-saver, time and time again. I've been taking my cars to him for a year and a half now, and always gotten the best service and fair prices (on one major repair, I got an estimate and ran it by my dad first, who said their numbers were *extremely* reasonable). Andy & co. have never pressed me to do unnecessary work, and have made recommendations that involve waiting to see if a problem resolves itself, or just giving more time before addressing a non-immediate issue - i.e. it really feels like the type of auto service you might expect from a family member who was looking out for you. They've recently expanded into a bigger location on S. Tryon, which is great - they deserve all the business they can handle.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,5/21/2014,34,102,1,7,7>I've been wanting to try this place for a year and a half and with my impending due date in sight I was determined to get some spicy food! We ordered the veggie spring rolls to start and while I wasn't a huge fan, the chili sauce they are served with is spectacular! I got the chicken pad see ew and omg! Best dish I've ever had!!!! I ordered it the first time at a "2" heat level and the second time- just a few days later at a "3"...; super amazing! If you are in the area and want to get some great food, stop by Thai Taste!!!! You will not be disappointed!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/20/2014,38,184,,10,2>My dog trainer recommended Dog Supplies a couple of years ago, and I've been a shopper here ever since.  I really like their new location on Sam Furr, as their former Bailey Road warehouse was small and harder to navigate.  Their new location is still a warehouse--but a much bigger one--and seems to get a lot more foot (and paw!) traffic.  And, they finally have Saturday hours so I can shop any time I prefer, rather than having to order online or wait for a day off from work!Their prices are outstanding, and I'm thrilled that they recently started carrying Acana dog food.  They have a great selection of dog toys, treats, leashes, and accessories, and even some cat supplies as well.  The staff are helpful, too, frequently asking if you need help finding items.  (I usually peruse their website first and make a list for easier shopping.)  The shelves are labelled and organized well so it's pretty easy to navigate around the aisles and find what you need.  Checkout is smoother now with the addition of a pin pad for debit purchases.I have referred many of my friends and neighbors to Dog Supplies for their pets' needs, and I highly recommend them for their selection, prices, and service!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/19/2014,92,370,2,8,5>Per dollar, your not going to find any better food close by.  I'm not saying literally "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  But, on that side of town I don't know of any other place you can get full and have a beer for under $10.It is a Deli/Grille with beer.  Pretty straight forward.  You grab your drink while waiting in line to place an order, then you order at the counter.  You walk around the side to pay and they give you a number.  Put that number on your table, and your food will be delivered shortly.  No wait service, just fast service.  I prefer eating out on the patio if there is space available.There is quite a variety of choices.  From burgers to french dips.  Bratwurst to meatball subs.  Salads, stuffed potatoes, and even some vegetarian options.  I've tried it all and never had a bad meal.I know this review sounds more like an ad for the place, but I really have nothing bad to say.  Its a chill little spot that puts out great food at a reasonable price.  Kind of unheard of on park rd.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,5/18/2014,132,235,6,7,6>I'm having such a hard time starting this review because I feel like my words will only cheapen the experience that I had.  Words can not describe the experience I had at Toccare.  I love ...love LOVE getting facials.  It's a massage for my face, time that I get to actually shut off my phone, my hiding place...my tranquil getway.  Lets get down to Toccare and the fact that this is probably by far the best location and place in Charlotte.  Here's why: Location:  SUPER easy to find.  It's off of providence rd in Myer's Park.  Parking during the day is a breeze and next to an Italian restuarant and a linen boutique.  I seriously need to check out those places, too!  Atmoshpere:  Love it.  It's a sunroom turned into a Day Spa!  Super cozy, super quante and it smells heavenly in there.  Shaby Chic decor with great sunlight to calm you while you wait for your spa service.Now to the nitty gritty.  My Facial.  Janiese was awesome.  I can say I've had my fair share of facials.  And this one was by far the most relaxing, most rewarding, most soothing facial I've had since moving to Charlotte.  You can really tell that she loves what she does and knows about skin care.  My face was a dry oily mess and now it's perfectly balanced and feels really good.  I know I shouldn't touch my face but I can't help it!  The products that TOCCARE use are all natural and all organic ingredients.  I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeed my neck massage that she gave me while my FIRST mask was setting and I think I drooled a little bit.  Two things I noticed that she does that I haven't experienced before.  I was a tad cold but I'm always cold even if it's 70 degrees out and didn't think anything of it.  Slowly I began to feel heat coming from my toosh area and thought "man..I'm only 36...why is my butt warm and ....am I having a hot flash??" and then I realized that the bed was warming up!! She turned it on for me just to keep me nice and cozy!!  WHATTTT?!?!?  Snug as a bug.  The second thing that I've never experienced that she did was when my SECOND mask was setting she gave me the most soothing, relaxing arm and HAND massage.  This was not just any hand massage like you get when you get a mani...this was a body massage for your hands.  I teared up a little bit.  I was in totally bliss and was in a relaxation high...and I fell asleep...crap.  Good thing I had another hand/arm and I was determined to stay awake for that..hahahaha sooo awesome. She put my eye cream on and that's always lets me know that the facial is coming to an end....I joked and said "did you forget a mask?  Maybe you forgot a step?"  I never want that experience to end.  She asked "how do you feel?"  I said nothing.  I had a hard time forming words.  I had nothing to say other than a big deep sigh.  It was that good.  Best Day Spay gem in CLT.  I'm already booked for my wax (blah..that one is never fun) and bringing a friend.  Already dreaming of my next facial.  I need another job to help fund this habit of pampering myself. ASK FOR JANIESE!!! You'll be glad you did.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,5/17/2014,116,275,4,6,3>So, it's pouring rain & I have a meeting from 6:00-7:00, with nothing in the fridge. Why not check out Foodie Call. I logged on for the first time and thought the online ordering process was very simple. The site offers a variety of restaurants, access to view the menu, and the option to order immediately, or select a delivery time. So, I selected my restaurant, chose my items, and selected my delivery time for 7:30. After that you can indicate cash, or charge, and if you choose charge, include tip if desired. Note: most restaurants require a $15.00 minimum purchase and there is a $5.00 delivery fee. I arrived home and at 7:10 my doorbell rang. A very cautious delivery man was there and removed my meal from a heat proof bag. With that said the order was perfect, and warm. Overall, I was very satisfied, but do wish there are more restaurant options.I look forward to another crappy day to order again.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/16/2014,27,54,4,4,3>It seems gimmicky to have a business dedicated to selling gourmet popsicles, but now that I've been to King of Pops half a dozen times, I've ate my words and I'm one of their biggest fans!Throw away any preconceptions you have of what a popsicle can be, these are nothing like the cheap frozen popsicles you find at your local grocer. The flavors are much more creative than anything you'll find in the store, and the quality is much higher. They're the perfect size for a weekend treat, and they have the calming effect of inducing smiles and lightening the darkest of moods after a long work day.As most do I have my favorites, one of them being the chocolate sea salt, but the banana pudding has ascended to the top of my frozen desserts podium. It's fantastic, has real chunks of bananas and cookies, only in the convenient form of a popsicle. Do yourself a favor and enjoy the sweetness of the best popsicle you'll ever have.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,5/15/2014,182,166,12,15,8>Probably the nicest mall in Charlotte. (FYI: I'm currently sitting at what was once the only Apple Store in Charlotte typing this review.)What exactly makes this the nicest, most luxurious mall in Charlotte?  The stores.  How would I know?  Well, although, I'm your typical, red-blooded, football tossing, American male, I also have a mom and that mom loves to shop.  When she visits me here in Charlotte, she only wants to go to one place and that's Southpark Mall for the Nordstrom's and Neiman Marcus.  The only location of these famous stores anywhere in the Charlotte area.  In addition, they have unique stores that you're not going to find in your typical, box mall like Copacetic, delia's, Kate Spade, and my favorite Sur la Table.  Does Parking suck?  Of course it does.  Would I recommend going here on Black Friday or the day before or after Christmas?  No way in Hell!  But if you can make it here on the right days on the right times, and you don't mind battling for parking.  A visit to Southpark Mall has something for the shopper in all of us!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/14/2014,179,499,3,9,5>Ah, what's not to love about a good ol' Charlotte staple?!It was about time I made it in here; I'd bookmarked it months ago and literally drive by it all the time. So let's just say I was more than pumped to finally give them a try. Based on previous reviews I was ready to be amazed. And they didn't let me down! Mr. K's is said to have some of the best burgers, fries and milkshakes in town. After you fight your way to a premium parking spot (be warned parking is extremely limited) the diner itself is small.  You walk right into the grill and counter where you order. There are a few booths but when this place is super busy I'd say plan to either wait for a table or get it to go!  But a plus is that they do have some outdoor seating which I'd definitely recommend for the warmer months. I ordered a chili dog, fries and a chocolate milkshake. I just can't think of a better combination! Seriously. Chili Dog: Delish! Just enough chili and toppings to NOT leave the bun wet. You can get slaw on your dog but I opted out of that, I'm still not a fan of slaw. (I know, I know since I'm in NC I need to get used to it) Fries: Dropped HOT each order. They were hot crispy goodness. Just like they should be! Next time, I'll have to try their infamous onion rings. Milkshake: Creamy. Chocolate. Goodness. Yep. Order it every time. They have a good amount of variety of other flavors if chocolate isn't your thing but I'd make sure not to leave without having one. It was a pretty good meal. I enjoyed it and left satisfied. I can definitely see myself here a few times in the upcoming months!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/13/2014,56,93,3,7,5>Loved this place!! I will warn you it's pricey and it's super trendy right now so even with reservations be prepared to wait (even if you see a table open). However the most important factors are on point here. The food was absolutely amazing!! One small caveat to that would be the sushi. We were not thrilled by any means with it and thought it was merely ehhh okay. We tried the spicy tuna roll where the only spice was a chili powder dusting on the outside of the rice and we had the butter fish which wasn't bad but the pesto was a weird addition.  So like I said not bad just not what I will come here for. There are better sushi places just down the street. However the rest of the food was awesome. The salmon, steak, sweet potatoes, dumplings, chicken wings, etc etc all fabulous. Three of us went and did their special restaurant week menu (everything here comes out as it's ready and is meant to be shared) so we got to try a lot of stuff. Just a really awesome place that we will definitely be coming back to. Shout out to the mango toffee cake I think I'm in love!!  Also Their drinks are Delish!! Pretty sure the French Pear Martini is the best drink I've had all year!! Parking is a little bit of a disaster but they do offer free valet, or you can park behind the bank next door which is what we did, it's a very short walk!! I will definitely be back here ASAP and will update my review as I try new things.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/12/2014,10,77,4,8,5>I don't necessarily consider myself a BBQ snob, but I do have BBQ standards!  First let's start with the biggest qualifier... I'm a North Carolinian so BBQ=pork...beautiful smokey tender chopped piggies!  I do also enjoy other good BBQ like ribs and beef but my go to will always be pork and it will have that NC tangy vinegar sauce.  Well McKoys most definitely met qualifier number one they offer all sorts of BBQ even smoked wings, (get to those shortly).  #2, whilst walking up to your door I better get a smokey kick in the face indicating you most likely have a smoker on premises and slow cook the meat until tender and amazing..CHECK! I was met by the aroma of roasting meats before even getting out of the car.  Also menu says they use pecan wood Havant seen that much... seems to do the job well.  3rd, not a disqualifier but good sauce is highly recommended, not always necessary though if meats are prepared well enough you don't always need it.  But I do usually get a little disappointed if sauce sucks, especially if they don't have a good tangy sauce!  Be warned if the sauce sitting on your tables is bought at a grocery store you're not a real BBQ joint.  McKoys falls a little short here as they only have 2 sauces --one pretty close to ketchup, and one straight apple vinegar, after combining the two with a little kick of hot sauce it was pretty formidable so can't ding them to much on this.  A good beer selection is also always good and McKoys has a decent selection, I think I saw 7-8 taps even a few local options which is always good for bonus points from me.    To our food, first we got the sampler app...nachos, skins, wings, tenders... had a lot of people so I only got a skin a tender and a wing... tenders were premade frozen tenders deep fried, good, nothing special.  Skins were very good! But the appetizer super star was the Wings!  OMG.... SO GOOD!  Very smokey flavor most tender wings I have ever had and sauce had a good flavor but did not overpower the wing and take away from the smokey meaty flavor.  Wife informed me nachos were pretty darn good as well.  For dinner I ordered pulled pork plate...surprise! Pork was well done...well seasoned cooked low and slow, succulent, juicy, tender smokey....GREAT BBQ.  Good mixture of the "bark" mixed in(crispy charred exterior). Could taste it was well seasoned/prepared.  For my sides Mac and cheese and collards.  I had heard about this place just for the Mac and cheese but even the tales of Cracaroni and cheese didn't do justice to this melty cheesy concoction.  It really was best I've had in a LONG TIME.  Collards were also awesome some of the best I've had.  Wife got fried squash as a side and that was impressively good!  Lightly breaded and deep fried, dip it in ranch and you're knock in on heavens door.Service was good too place was packed--saturday night--but good team work by the employees checking each others tables, delivering food wherever, no customer seemed unattended for long.Cannot wait to go back...a BBQ joint that can hang with any Charlotte has to offer.  Great food, large portions, prices about average maybe a little higher but reasonable regardless!  Overall great place, thanks for the great meal McKoy's!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,5/11/2014,143,354,5,5,4>I have yet to find any amazing Mexican in the Charlotte area, but Azteca was pretty darn good. The atmosphere is really fun and inviting with all of the decor of a Mexican joint. The waitstaff is all dressed like bull riders and a man comes by with a fresh guacamole cart if you want some. The chips and salsa were great and plentiful. We also got the cheese dip which didn't disappoint. The chicken enchilada and shredded beef taco were both very good. The meat was clearly fresh. I was disappointed with the chile relleno. My boyfriend loved his food (we got the same thing). They give you a little free dessert thing at the end which is a nice added touch. The service was amazing and fast!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,5/10/2014,54,199,2,5,4>I've been to the Fillmore on two different occasions and I must say, both were really good experiences. The most recent was to see The Cult. I like the set up of the venue. You can get close to the stage if you choose or hang a bit further back on two step up levels so you can see over the crowd. Good sound quality as well. Plenty of bars all around to get your drink on but the price of those drinks are hefty. Plan on drinking before you go if that's your thing.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,5/9/2014,51,85,1,6,5>Mama mia!  Mama Ricotta's has been around for a while-vacillating between standard and pretty good Italian food.  I have to say, the past couple of times I have been eaten at Mama Ricotta's, it has been really great! They have stepped things up a notch or two, that's for sure.The service is fast, friendly and consistent. The rolls they bring out have not changed. SO HARD to eat just one.  Impossible for some...They have changed up the menu-adding some modern, lighter options but have kept their golden standards. My favorite is the chopped salad with romaine, gorgonzola, garbanzo beans and walnuts. The walnuts are chopped so finely, you can barely detect them. But they add this subtle nutty crunch that is outstanding. Calamari is great and the warm mascarpone dip is...drool worthy.My husband always gets the penne a la vodka with chicken---every. single. time. The bites I snag are always excellent!I also discovered a new favorite wine from their menu--Dreaming Tree Crush.  This red is delicious and subtly sweet.  Very easy to drink (maybe a little too easy).  It's actually a Dave Matthews collaboration!! If you haven't been to Mama Ricotta's in a while, you're in for a pleasant treat!!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,5/8/2014,121,566,2,9,7>Really good hummus served with plenty of pita.  And the Lebanese "pizza" was a crispy surprise - I'm sure it's the first time I've tasted za'atar.  We split the beef shawarma plate and chose rice instead of potatoes.  The shawarma was tasty and lean even though it had pieces of lardon thrown in (which I picked out) to keep it moist.  For dessert we tried the fig square which was kind of like a less sweet fig newton.  Would go great with coffee but was a little too simple on its own - this being a critique from an American who is used to overly sweet desserts.  Overall though "loved it."  They've only been open since July and I hope they keep going strong because I'll be back to try a falafel sandwich and the mixed grill platter!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,5/7/2014,60,146,3,6,4>I've been to Grapes a few times now, but I've never yelped about it! It's a great spot to stop in after dinner for wine and/or dessert or meet friends after work. Last time the weather was perfect so we got to sit out on the patio and enjoy a bottle of Rose and a meat/cheese plate. Yummm! They have a great selection of wines by the bottle as well as by the glass. For food, they have sammies, salads and appetizers. If you can disconnect from the fact you're between a Qdoba and Jimmy Johns and just listen to the live music and the huge fountain in the shopping center, it's a great spot (and it's close to home)!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/6/2014,32,92,1,9,6>I'm new to working Uptown 5 days a week in the south/Wells Fargo/Duke Energy/Ally area. Coworker took me here today, and I was duly impressed!The line gets long, but moves quickly. Tables were always available, but just barely, around the noon lunch hour. They do a lot of carry out business.The food was a very, VERY tall step above what you get at Tintin, up north where BofA offices are located. If you dine-in, your meal is served on a nice plate with real silverware and sauce.For lunch I got the steak and broccoli, substituting onions & zucchini for sweet carrots (.50 cents) and a soda.The food arrived quickly and was delicious! It was honestly like eating at a Benihana without the drama of a table show. The steak was perfectly cooked, the meal was tasty and filling, and it was the best amount of food to avoid a full-on afternoon food coma. Great value for the money spent!Added bonus: Huy Fong Sriracha at the table!It was so delicious, I plan on going tomorrow for my weekly lunch with my husband! This is a gem. I foresee many more lunches spent here.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,5/5/2014,8,114,,8,5>I love this place. Don't be fooled by the industrial surroundings: the folks at ACB have put together a cozy, welcoming little drinking room in which to imbibe their wide selection of tasty beers. We stopped by on a rainy Saturday night and enjoyed a sampling of really interesting beer at ACB's bar while catching the Carolina game and bobbing our heads to a good music selection. The bartender was knowledgable about the beer and the vibe was more like a friend's well-stocked living room than a typical bar. We had a really nice time and will definitely be returning.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,5/4/2014,51,65,1,6,4>I have had the best experiences here.  I bought my fiancé a watch from Abraham, and purchased his wedding band here too.  Abraham was incredibly helpful and straight forward.  When shopping for jewelry in the past I often felt intimidated, and almost as if I was being preyed upon by sales associates.  This is not the case with Abraham.  He was very helpful and had the best deals around.  The watch I bought from him was priced at almost 30% less than other stores.  The wedding band I purchased was the twin of one I looked at  in David's, and that one was $300 more than what I payed at Abraham's.  I recently went in to get a watch resized and had another pleasant experience.  I am going to go here to get new batteries for my watches, and am making him my jeweler of choice for future purchases.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,5/3/2014,194,183,,5,3>I came to Cajun Queen on a whim Friday evening to try their restaurant week servings. Of course we didn't have reservations, but luckily were able to sit right away after grabbing two stools in their bar area upstairs. It turned out to be a great little spot overlooking the valet area so there were plenty of people watching opportunities :)I got the 4 course pre fixe - glass of chardonnay, cup of gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and bread pudding - for $30. For the quantity and quality of food, I was impressed. The only thing I didn't like of my meal was the chardonnay - but I almost consider that a freebie since most restaurant week menus don't include alcohol. I really liked that both the gumbo and etouffee were spicy and flavorful, but not drowning in salt. I love cajun food, and really appreciated that Cajun Queen could satisfy the Bayou flavor and seasonings without being overly buttery or overly salty (think Zatarain's).While we were there, a live jazz band was playing downstairs. Great spot for date night.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,5/2/2014,33,185,2,4,3>I went here on the reccomendation of a friend. Went on Saturday, they are open late and accept walk-ins, I called ahead to see about a wait and headed in. They were very busy with all different types of people getting pierced/tatt'ed. Excellent staff and the artist drew exactly what I wanted. If I was planning another tattoo I would definately head back.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/1/2014,90,61,,6,4>I'm a huge fan of Food Truck Friday. This is a great event and it's that much more awesome that it runs year round! Even when it's cold as heck out these guys still come out and so does the crowd!The greatest thing about Food Truck Friday is that it is a meetup of several of Charlotte's best food trucks. I find it hard to keep up with the trucks any other day of the week so having a place to pop by to sample not one but several trucks is a huge convenience. By far one of South End's best events!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,4/30/2014,50,55,,5,2>"The Running Machine"... (which i always want to call "the running man", because why not?) ... is perfect. Not all that big a fan of turkey burgers normally but this one is so good that 9 times out of 10, I'll get it instead of something else. I love Kickstand in general. Great staff, great beers, great atmosphere- super willing to work with you when you want to bring in a group (I think I actually come here more for group events than dates with my husband). This is one of Charlotte's best places to be. Our waiter went and won a stuffed frog from a carnival machine out in the front and gave it to my daughter just because. That's beyond good service. Excellent food, excellent people.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,4/29/2014,46,70,2,5,3>If I'm not heading out on the town Friday or Saturday night, you'll most likely find me at Visart.  It's a very nostalgic place, reminding me of of my childhood.  Browsing the different genres, checking the ratings... I'm allowed to get the R rated movies this time!It might be a buck or two more than redbox, but being able to browse the selection and rent pretty much any movie you can think of is simply awesome!  This is the only movie store I know of as well as the coolest movie store I've ever experienced.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,4/28/2014,104,306,1,9,4>It's hard not to be a fan of any new brewery opening up a few minutes away. Based on the several beers we tried, I think Unknown has some real potential at providing another element to the Charlotte beer scene. I think i was most impressed by their non-regulars that i tried: Naughty by Nature (old ale) and Hop O' The Morning (coffee ipa?). Both were quite tasty. I also tried the USPA and the pale ale, both were serviceable and I will likely be giving them another go in the near future, but my initial reaction didn't have me declaring new favorites.The atmosphere was kind of different. The tables and chairs felt more like I was on lunch break at a cafe or in a cafeteria rather than a taproom. It might have been the really bright lighting in front as well. The bar was a little different with an open bottom to it. I did like the glass separation between the tap room and the large brewery side. Overall, I felt the taproom was missing something to make it more inviting. It was less busy when we went and the staff was great and informative. We shall return.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/27/2014,45,242,3,6,6>Danggit, word must have gotten out, Fiamma was PACKED last night, Saturday night for Restaurant week!!!  We walked in and had to huddle at the door to wait for the hostess to sit us.Fiamma, is a force to be reckoned with in the Queen City Italian Restaurant Scene.  If you haven't been, your missing out.  Its a bit far of a drive for me, but well worth it.  Restaurant Week menu was set.  I started with the Caprese Salad.  Nice beefy tomatoes and mozz with a nice balsamico and olive oil.  They were a bit skimpy on the balsamic so I had to wrestle the bottle away from the server.  I had the handmade pasta and seafood dish which was just ok.  The pasta was homemade as virtually everything except the water and the wine is there.  I appreciate homemade pasta and it was wonderful.  The seafood in the dish was a downgrade in quality from their normal everyday menu.  Shrimp were smallish and the calamari was meh.  overall it was terrible and a decent entrée.  I finished up with the cheesecake which was of the ricotta type and was grainy and dry.  Again, it was Restaurant week so for $30.00 I can't expect top quality.  Others in my party had the Lamb Shank which looked and tasted wonderful, and the Salmon which seemed to go over well.I like Fiamma.  Our Server made sure to point out to us that normally it's not that crowded and we'd get better service on a normal night.  They had plenty of staff walking around so I didn't think our service was bad.  All in all, it was an enjoyable night with good friends.  I'll be back but probably not for Restaurant Week.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,4/26/2014,155,972,6,7,3>Ah-choo...from the girl who cannot stop eating the complimentary popcorn laced with Cayenne seasoning. Despite the fact that I kept sneezing, I couldn't keep my hands off of it either. Nan and Byron's is the newest, coolest restaurant in South End. They have a great menu filled with comfort food, which just makes you feel like you're eating a piece of home. Although my home never served up portobello stuffed mushrooms...I ordered that with a side of peas and carrots. Delicious! Hubs ordered the chicken and stopped talking to me over dinner because he couldn't break away from the meal. Parking is free (like I keep reading from their tweets). However, the parking can be a challenge, unless you are early birds like we are. It's rather small and if the entire restaurant is full you'll need to find parking elsewhere. When we were leaving other patrons were desperately looking for a place to park. Quickly eyeing us leaving a prime  front-row spot, they stuck the car in reverse, and was happy as a lark to get our spot. Noise level can get quite rowdy. It's an intimate, rustic setting, but not much to absorb the chatter from all the busy tables. We visited during a holiday party time and it got quite loud. Thankfully we were at the end of our dining experience when the party got into full swing.  Looks like there is great potential for when the weather is nice for a couple of outdoor tables in the front. Nice. Looking forward to returning and trying out the rest of their menu.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,4/25/2014,65,90,3,5,4>My husband and I were invited to try this little Peruvian restaurant with another couple that had found them on social living.  Having no concept of what Peruvian food was we were a little reluctant at first but agreed to branch out! (SPOILER ALERT::: SO WORTH IT) Since there were four of us eating we decided to order the Matador Combo (a dinner option for 4 people).  It came with a whole rotisserie chicken (2 dark meat pieces and 2 white meat pieces), salad with amazing tangy dressing, rice and beans that you can mix together, frankfurters and fries, tostones and ripe plantains. The food came out in family style and the portions were very large. Surprisingly we had left overs and we were all stuffed! I recommend the combos because of the variety of food you get to try. The restaurant was smaller inside that I was anticipating but had a cozy feel. We ate at about 1pm, so not right during the Sunday lunch rush, and there was only 1 table available. The service was great though! We never had an empty drink and we were always asked if there was anything that we needed. I hate that we live so far away from this location, if we lived closer we would be eating there often!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/24/2014,117,110,4,9,3>My dog, Thor, and I love The Dog Bar!Before you venture out this way though, you should know what you're getting into... Like other Yelpers reviewed, you must be a dog person.  The dogs will come up to you, sniff you, kiss you, and sometimes jump on you.  The first time we went out here, everyone seemed very on top of their dogs' behavior.  If one dog was causing too much trouble, the owner took them home.  Yesterday's experience was not so efficient.  There were a few dogs that blurred the lines between playing and fighting, and the owners did nothing except, "Sparky, no."  I have problems with this, but the trouble making dogs didn't mess with Thor, so I just kept him occupied with other dogs.  They don't do food here, but you can bring food into the bar.  Just prepare to have a lot of well behaved dogs showing off their tricks for a bite of your quesadilla. (Get your food from Cabo Fish Taco - nom nom nom).  I'll be back time and time again, but please - if your dog is not having fun, just take him home.  Don't make the other dogs (and owners) deal with him.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/23/2014,98,107,2,4,3>Blue Taj has amazing food in a unique atmosphere. The wait staff has great suggestions, like when to get sauce on the side etc. If you don't know Indian cuisine then tell them the protein you like and they'll help you. The cauliflower appetizer is beyond amazing. It's a crispy cauliflower with a red chili sauce. They offer take out if you don't have time to sit down.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,4/22/2014,65,242,3,8,4>Vegetarian Pho and Lemongrass Tofu...amazing!  Trying to eat low calorie and low carb, so I ordered these dishes without rice or noodles, and they were still sooooo good. The pho broth is the best I've ever tried, with complex flavors and the ability to modify per your tastes (lime, jalapeño, sriracha, chili oil). It came loaded with soft tofu and veggies - cauliflower, broccoli, carrot, green onion, celery, mushrooms, bean sprouts. You can get crispy fried tofu if you prefer. The lemongrass tofu and vegetables was sweet but great.  Next time I'll add sriracha, but spicy is my personal preference.  We basically licked the plate clean. The Vietnamese coffee was such a treat. A glass with sweetened condensed milk is brought to the table with the coffee dripping down into the glass from a French press-type of contraption on top. The coffee itself is  strong and harsh. Went down like burnt rubber for a newbie coffee drinker like me. But once the milk is mixed in, it's delicious. And even better once it's poured over ice. The calorie heavy sweetened condensed milk makes it an indulgence I'll try to resist in the future, but I know now I'm likely to fail. I can't stop thinking of this place.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,4/21/2014,192,99,5,5,5>I love finding NY pizzerias like Junior's around Charlotte. I've always been a fan of Libretto's and Junior's just may now be right up there with the best of them! Although I have not tried their pizza slices (I definitely will be returning to do just that soon, though), I did order a pepperoni calzone that was made to order. I anxiously waited about 15 minutes for my calzone and was amazed at how big it was (that's what she said) when it was dropped off to my table! I could only eat half of the calzone there at the restaurant and saved the rest for a snack later at home. My boyfriend also had the stromboli which was just as yummy. Seriously, the mozzarella and ricotta were in abundance, which makes me just want to die of foodie happiness. The dough was crispy, yet chewy. This was MY kind of calzone.The service was fast and friendly and the pricing seemed average (about $25 for a stromboli, calzone and 2 soft drinks). I am plotting my next trip to Junior's just so I can try some of their more creative pizza slice options... Chicken Parm Pizza anyone?
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,4/20/2014,16,48,3,6,4>This review should stand as a testament to the good taste of my fellow Charlotte Yelpers and the integrity of their reviews. If Malaya Kitchen and the reviews they've earned here are representative of Yelp as a whole- and I think they are - then the system works! So feel free to pat yourself on the back, raise a self-congratulatory glass of local micro-brew and allow me to explain.When I came here about 2 years ago for dinner with my mom, we were NOT impressed. I remember the service was amateurish and the food was as bland as Norwegian cuisine adapted for recovering stomach surgery patients. But I'm a strong believer in second chances, especially if, as was the case then, they're new and still working out the kinks. Two years and 4.5 stars later I figured they must be doing something right. It just so happens they're doing just about everything right!A couple weeks ago I went with my girlfriend and mom and we all left very happy. For starters, the service has improved considerably. But the food is where the greatest progress has been made. My mom got the Basil Flavor Chicken. While not the first thing I'd order, the chicken was very tender and flavorful and served with a generous portion of vegetables. Well worth getting if you can't handle too much heat. My girlfriend's Curry Duck was likewise, colorful and full of flavor. I think the duck should've been a bit crispier. But if your food is gonna go soggy, I can think of a lot worst culprits than coconut milk and spices. As for my choice, the Curry Laksa...my god. I want to live in it! It's a gargantuan bowl of vegetables, noodles and your choice of meat in a spicy coconut curry broth. I suspect tyrants and despots the world over may just find the answer to hunger strikes in its heady aroma. All the lofty, idealistic political or religious goals in the world would just melt away with one intoxicating whiff of this otherworldly stuff. I only fear I'll never have the willpower to order anything else.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,4/19/2014,104,419,2,4,3>I finally came to 7th Street for lunch and managed to tear myself away from Pure Pizza to order food from another vendor.  I got a Local Dip sandwich with a side of chicken noodle soup and it was nice to have the option of soup as a side on a chilly day.First off, any of their sandwiches will get a big head start because of the quality of the bread they are served on.  The Dip was on a baguette which was a perfect blend of crispy and chewy and was toasted in some garlic butter.  The meat on the sandwich is pot roast braised in a red wine sauce.  Caramelized onions are added and some local cheese is melted on top.  The sandwich is served with some yummy jus for dipping.  The only downer on this visit was that the very first bite was a big hunk of fat which had me deconstruct the sandwich to eat with some more inspection involved.  That was the only sandwich misstep however as the flavors were very good and hearty.The side of soup was OK but not outstanding as it tended to have an onion flavor that overwhelmed the chicken.  It did take the chill off the day though so I gobbled it up!After ordering at the counter and being given a number, the food came out quickly which is a real plus during lunch.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/18/2014,21,57,2,6,4>131 Main...I love the smell of this place, the smoky wood fire grill smell makes my mouth water! I have been to both of the restaurants, Blakney and the the one here on East Blvd. My most recent trip was to the East Blvd location and it was fantastic. First we were greeted by a most knowledgeable waiter. He talked to us about wine, and about a lot of the special and different sides on the menu. They have a terrific deal for two people its 69.95, for that you get;  One appetizer, two soups or two salads, two entrees, a bottle of wine and one dessert. You are limited but not  really to the starred items but can upgrade for a small charge to another choice if you prefer. We ordered our own choice of wine so the dinner for two was 59.95 and  Our Wine was separate. The Grilled Artichokes were our appetizer..so delicious and you can taste the hickory wood and grilling in every bite, served with a garlic aioli ! Then we decided ( at the waiters suggestion) to go with the Kale salad..it was incredible. Finely chopped kale with a lemon and parmesan  cheese dressing that  was so tasty!! My usual appetizer is the Smoked Salmon that they smoke fresh every day, but I had never had the entree of the Salmon which  is Cedar planked and served with a Cold Wild Rice Salad.. We were moaning..it was that good!! It melted in your mouth, the Cedar and the Hickory flavors were so deep and delicious! The Wild Rice salad was wonderful, a new tasty way to serve a incredibly good rice! The portion size was large enough to even take home  some of the salmon and the wild rice. For dessert we opted to go with the Banana Creme Pie ---which is like a cloud of whipped cream and bananas and chocolate and just heaven!  I am usually a "Ethnic Eater" but I am telling you there is No beating this American Fare...It is truly a Five Star Restaurant!!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/17/2014,12,92,3,5,4>Came here on date night last Saturday and had a great time. Arrived a little early and some a drink and some apps at the bar. Service was friendly and prompt and the chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks were quite tasty, especially the chicken fingers. We then moved into the theatre where we placed an order for some popcorn with REAL butter and a pitcher of beer. Again, service was prompt and friendly enough but it was busy. In order to get a good seat make sure you get there 20-30 minutes early and just order a drink, a snack and sit back and relax until the movie starts.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/16/2014,151,1019,5,10,9>Three words alone makes this place worth a 4-star review:  Bacon wrapped Jalapenos.   These are the best appetizer and side ever known to man.  Just the right amount of heat and then what isn't good with bacon?Aside from that, I came here for the ribs which came recommended and they did not disappoint.  They were tender and sauced.  You could get them dry as well but I prefer mine wet.  Everything else on the sampler platter was ok.  The pork was decent but not one of my favorites around town and the chicken was a little dry.  The mac n cheese is one of the better ones around town.They have local beer specials on Mondays and other specials the rest of the week.  Service wise, they are decent although nothing really stands out with the service.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,4/15/2014,31,101,1,15,7>Very excited to have a real fish market right in my backyard!Like many I've been frustrated over the relative lack of high-quality fish in Charlotte. Yes, there are decent options in South Park but they require a long drive and frankly are exceptionally expensive. As a result I was thrilled when I heard this place opened. It is located in a small strip mall off of Ardrey Kell and a bit hidden from the road (look for the Cast Iron Waffle place). It is modestly decorated which is fine because frankly the focus should be on the seafood anyway!Speaking of - the quality of everything is great! Very fresh and mostly regional. I purchased Brook Trout from the Blue Ridge mountains and some wild Swordfish caught off of the Outer Banks. The Swordfish was wonderful, slightly buttery and great off the grill. I stuffed the trout and got rave reviews from the family. The kicker is that the prices are reasonable - compared to the sub-par stuff I've seen at HT, Publix and even Whole Foods,  the prices were very good. I'm also appreciative that the owners are pursuing sustainable seafood and not just importing the cheap stuff.Big thumbs up!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,4/14/2014,208,546,3,6,4>We stopped in to Dillworth because Starbucks had just about zero seating left. I always prefer to give my bonus to a local company anyway so we thought we would give this a try instead. Service was extremely friendly and they were very happy to recommend their favorites ( I had the Creme Brulee and it did not dissapoint)! It was just the right mix of sweet without feeling like I needed a tall glass of water to follow. I was a little bummed because I did not realize they offer $1 coffee after 5pm , and I wasn't told about it till my friend ordered the coffee...oh well, next time. Pricing is pretty much what you expect for a coffee house - my small creme brulee was $3 and change ... they also offered a (small) selection of treats, granola bars I believe. I can see why people don't camp out here and that's because they close a little early for the late-night or even early-night study/work crowd- 7PM to be exact (6 on Sundays). I wonder how much business they are losing out on because  the Starbucks in the area is insanely crowded and parking is way easier here. Overall I'd definitely return but only if I was taking my coffee to-go or was planning on being there during the day.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,4/13/2014,42,130,3,5,4>Confession: I was way overdue to go to the dentist and childhood trauma from dentists made me very cautious.I picked Lake Pointe because 1) they're 2 minutes from my work and 2) their website also listed spa services.  Continuing on with the list theme...Things I liked:1) The decor - an awesome Mediterranean feel with whites and blues with stucco and neat wooden floors with a river rock border1) The chair had a neat air massage feature thing2) Dr Qazi was very nice3) The Dental Hygienist was very nice as well, even after hearing how long its been since my last dental appointment.  4) They gave great recommendations to help keep my teeth healthy5) The technology that they use seems very up to date which leaves me confident6) They were very quick and efficient, I wasn't waiting forever at any pointThings I didn't likeYou know, I really can't list anything here yet...
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/12/2014,58,60,1,11,4>Wow. Highly impressed with Harry's. The boy and myself stopped in for dinner this past Sunday night. Started with the cheese plate which is four cheeses selected by the chef for the day, meaning the plate could always change offering something new. The app came with sliced apples, bread, pear jam, grapes and walnuts to pair your cheeses with. All quite tasty! I ordered the steak flatbread which was actually sirloin cooked mid rare (upon my request) and topped with blue cheese crumbles and a vinegarette reduction. The flavors mixed absolutely perfectly and the flatbread was topped with plenty of steak, no skimping here. The boy ordered a burger, noted to be a blend of porterhouse and brisket - also a winner! Tasted amazing and we were both highly pleased. We topped off our night with two flights of beer - for $5 you pick 4 - 4 ounce samples. Works for me! The atmosphere was also highly noted! They have several lounge areas where red couches could fit in 6 to 9 people and have TVs around it, perfect for a girls' night out and a chill evening with friends. Harry's has one area more secluded - best for a date night or a dinner with family. And they also have an area separated by a half wall, closer to the bar, if you are looking for more of a lively, bar type night. Loved the set up, the ambiance and especially the food - hate that it took me this long to discover Harry's over in Ayrsley. Already have my eye on the pulled pork bourbon tacos and a cup of the beer cheese soup so we will be returning soon!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/11/2014,82,103,3,5,5>They will speak Italian to you if you let them...I so miss Firenze!!I was surprised for an amazing birthday dinner at this fabulous establishment.  The inside is nice but not too stuffy.  We had reservations and were immediately seated.  We mentioned to the hostess as we were seated that we just returned from Italy and she asked if we spoke Italian...why yes, yes we do, a little bit anyways.  So when our server arrived to the table, he greeted us in Italian and continued to speak Italian to us the entire evening.  We ordered our meals "Italian style"  ordering a primo then secondo and always ending a fabulous meal with a cafe/espresso.  We had another event to attend, so we skipped the antipasta but will certain make our way back for more.The Chianti wine of the day was fantastic!  We had the pasta della giorno which was a wonderful cetellini noodle with the most tender beef brisket and pecorino to garnish.  Then we enjoyed the sea bass with spinach, fingerling potatoes and the most delicious salami slices.  Not too much of anything!  We then had the tiramisu (may be one of my favorites) and the vinsanto with cantucci (biscotti).  I thought the vinsanto was quite weak, almost a watered down flavor.  The biscotti was very good.  We ended with an espresso.I would recommend this restaurant for a nice intimate dinner but also for a small gathering of friends.  It would also be a great place to enjoy drinks and share several antipasta dishes.  Everything looked so wonderful and it's nice to know such a great place exists in Charlotte.Buon apetito!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/8/2014,1034,436,5,13,10>The Yolk Cafe is worth the journey to Rock Hill!  I'm so happy they are opening a location Uptown in a month or so!!  I was floored by my breakfast, I mean totally shocked.  Service was really good, coffee was delicious, we ordered a couple of plates and shared.  My highlight was white mac and cheese with charred radicchio and pecan gremolata with an egg over easy flopped in the middle! The grits were some of the best grits, I've ever had in a restaurant. Super fattening, the way grits should be and salted correctly.   Count me in!! It has such a good vibe, the owners are there and it seems like a friendly, family work environment, it shines through with the service and food.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,4/7/2014,66,70,3,5,4>I keep on thinking this place is called "Good Burger".  "Welcome to Good Burger, Home of the Good Burger, may I take your order?" :)  Probably because the burgers are pretty darn good.  I recommend the stuffed burgers.  They were juicy and sloppy and delicious.  I can't think up combinations to save my life (Subway gives me anxiety), so I just chose from their pre-decided combos instead of building my own.  Mine had cucumbers and some sort of avocado spread.   Get the sweet potato tots for a side.  The fries and regular tots were nothing special.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,4/6/2014,34,33,3,6,4>Popped in on a Friday night after striking out at Crisp and 7th Street Market. My roommate had stopped in here for lunch one day and brought me the leftovers. I was already impressed with their chicken quesadilla ( I know, I know, chicken quesadillas seem so simple, but they are a favorite of mine, and Sabor Latin Street Grill were on point in their recipe) and was excited to try something else from the menu. I ended up ordering a salad and while I waited, I checked out the restaurant. It's a large room with some tables and booths, different bottled beer available to purchase. The workers were really nice and my food didn't take long at all. My salad was DELISH! It was huge, and reasonably priced ( 8 bones and some change). Super fresh ingredients, and I am not sure what it is, but their flour tortillas were so tasty. I will definitely be back and plan on covering all of the menu. Welcome to the hood, Sabor Latin Street Grill!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/5/2014,30,92,3,8,6>GREAT on Saturday mornings! The Farmer's Market is open Tues-Sat. Tues-Fri from 8-5 and Saturday from 8-6. HOWEVER, on weekdays there are only a few produce stands and no fresh meat, cheese, craft or pasta stands. Saturdays you need to get there early before everything is sold out. A sampling of the usual stands on Saturday mornings: Ostrich farm meat, several local organic ranch/farm meats, goat cheese, fresh pasta, Nova Bakery, Dukes Bakery, Secret Chocolatiere and all of the usual produce stands. You can save A LOT of money by skipping the grocery stores and supporting the Farmer's Market. You can get avocadoes for $.89, whole bunches of herbs for $1.00, fresh eggs for $2 and all kind of meat deals. The bread, pasta and cheese are reasonable, too, but a bit pricier than regular grocery stores. Worth the expense, though.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,4/4/2014,24,9,1,11,7>I've only been here twice, but I AM IN LOVE with New Zealand Cafe. This place is tucked away in an nondescript strip mall and I'd say it's a hidden gem for sushi! The both times I've been here, we had to wait to be seated because it was busy and it stays busy (rightfully so because the food is so gooood). The restaurant is pretty small, cozy, and always packed with patrons so it takes the sushi chefs some time to get the sushi out. I can't complain though, their sushi is absolutely worth the wait!I came with a party of 8-10 each time, and everyone just picked an order of sushi of their choice and then we all just dug in and shared. I've probably had 15+ different orders of their sushi and I can't complain about a single one! Their sushi ingredients are fresh and their rice is done right. Not only is their sushi DELISH, it's completely affordable and they're actually a pretty big size. The service has always been wonderful as well, the staff is so friendly and attentive. In summary, New Zealand Cafe is hands down one of my favorite sushi joints in Charlotte. I don't want to go anywhere else for sushi! Love this place! I'd eat here every day if I could but I'd rather not see a huge spike of mercury levels in my body.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,4/3/2014,87,175,2,6,4>Hi there!  Allow me to take you on a salvatious journey to a land of deliciousness and wonder.  Imagine a day where there tempature allows you to sit outside and enjoy a cool breeze without being chilly and the patio atmosphere that sheilds you from the cars even though you are smack in the middle of Selwyn Ave.  Such a place is Nolan's.  Interior - Upscale and classy if you feel like going that way.  Not so classy that you need a coat and tie but just enough to make it a 'night out' type of night if you want that.  We sat down at the bar to fuel up on some beer and luckily, they had multiple local brews on tap.  2-3 NoDa beers and 1-2 of something else.  Bad penny, i think. But we couldnt pass up on the outside area and heading to our patio spot.Patio - Plenty of shade, fireplace, big tables and view of the surrounding neighborhood (slight view of the parking lot).  I couldn't ask for more or for better weather.  Service - Our waiter was very polite and patient with us as we were in the mood to ask questions and learn about the menu.  He didnt mind.  We like to drink, too.  We sat there from 630pm to 9pm and never felt rushed.  Perfect.  Food - All I have to say is PBT!  P. B. T.   Pork Belly Taco is #1 on the menu.  We tried the mussels, bacon wrapped dates, Chicken Souvlaki, Zucchini Chips.  All were cooked up perfectly and savory to the last morsel.  But nothing beat those PBTs.  Two funny things to add.  One, everything that I listed above are appetizers.  They were so good that, even though we planned to get entrees, we never made it that far because we kept ordering apps.  Two, my friend, Matty Schallz, said that the two orders of PBTs that we got were only half as good as he remembered because they were a little crispier than usual. WHAT!  If those were the bad ones, I need to go back for round 2!!  Who's coming with me!?  -ENJOY!-Ian M.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,4/2/2014,126,906,7,12,6>Happened to be in Harrisburg and stumbled upon Captain Steve's Seafood Sag on a Friday.    First impressions was a fairly large, stand-alone restaurant, large parking lot so they can accommodate a lot of folks (well cars and then folks inside).We were pretty early (11:30 am) so it was a bit sparse inside as far as the lunch crowd, but as we were waiting/eating our meal, the booths and tables started filling up.Our server was very nice and had a lot of recommendations.  The menu is really simple, but there are a lot of options and really you can customize your meal to how you want it (very accommodating).  As you wait on your meal to arrive, a basket of hush puppies are delivered to your table with butter.  They aren't the typical "large" hush puppies, more like bites and they are pretty addictive.  WARNING:  most likely you will get hush puppies with your meal also, but it's a good thing!I tried the salt & pepper catfish.... and when it came out it was a mountain of food!  I opted to have a half & half fries and onion rings combo... Everything was cooked right.... (you can't really mess up fried food too badly)  but it was just WAY too much food.To top it all off, the restaurant manager sent out a honking slice of dessert (they were trying out) to the first few lunch tables of the day.  IT was a strawberry shortcake.  Very good - not too sweet and a good way to end an already ginormous food outing.  Needless-to-say I was in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon and no work was accomplished at my office.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/1/2014,41,363,2,10,2>I've been dying to come here to get my steak on, but the menu prices are downright daunting! This time around we made reservations to partake in their Restaurant Week menu, and it is the most affordable way to experience one of the better restaurants in the area.The Capital Grill may be a chain, but it definitely doesn't feel like it. From the interior decor to the service to the actual food, everything screams upscale fancy-smancy...not something that is usually associated with a chain. We made reservations (highly recommended) and were seated almost immediately.Our server was very friendly and brutally honest. I guess she was forced to try to upsell us a $17 glass of wine but then told us how ridiculous it is and we shouldn't bother with it. When we did choose a bottle of wine she detoured us to a different bottle that was the same price but was more well-received. I'm glad we went with her recommendation because it ended up being an awesome bottle that we would have overlooked otherwise. For the first course of the Restaurant Week menu I had the New England Clam Chowder. I am a sucker for clam chowda and this stuff was great. It wasn't overly heavy with cream and had a ridiculous amount of succulent clam chunks in it. This chowda definitely didn't skimp on the seafood, and the clams, potatoes and bacon were all melded nicely for some of the best I've had in awhile. The missus got the field green salad which was very nice, and came with an excellent champagne dressing that worked very well with the veggies. I was almost a little jealous of her salad, but I had chowder in front of me, so that feeling didn't last long.The Restaurant Week menu was decent for entrees, with a few steak options as well as a chicken and salmon. I ordered the 14oz bone-in sirloin and this was one of the most magnificent steaks I've had in the Queen City. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare just as I ordered it, and it was a tender, juicy, tasty steak with an excellent beef flavor. It was such a huge steak that I only ate half and saved the rest for a leftover dinner the next night! The missus had the Citrus Glazed Seared Salmon. It was a very nice piece of salmon that wasn't overpowering, and the glaze was really tasty. Her plate also came with some roasted asparagus that were cooked perfectly and had a nice sauce drizzled on top. Our table was also served shared side dishes of mashed potatoes and green beans. The potatoes were crazy rich, creamy and delicious, and there were still a few nice lumps mixed within the majority of the velvety mass, making these potatoes freaking awesome. The green beans were also tasty, and were tossed with tomatoes to give it a little extra pop.For dessert we both shared the Cheesecake and Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake. The cheesecake was actually more like a mousse, and so it was light as opposed to dense. It tasted wonderful and the top is caramelized to give it a crisp bite. It was served alongside a few berries and strawberry glaze, which made one delicious mouthful. The chocolate cake was just as good, if not slightly better. The espresso flavor is very light so if you're not a coffee fan don't be afraid to give this a whirl. The consistency of the cake was more like a chewy fudge, making it extremely decadent. The Capital Grill is the place to go, so long as you have to cash. The food is all excellent and I would love to go back and try some other stuff out. The ambiance, service and food all scream swank, and it definitely feels like it warrants the extravagant price tag.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,3/31/2014,216,466,3,10,5>New spot right in Latta Arcade!!  This is a popular lunch spot during the week.  It is standing room only and take-out only.  There are standard salad options or make your own!!  That is my favorite!  I have tried several different proteins including the shrimp, pork tenderloin and the tofu.  All proteins are sauteed up fresh for you while you wait.  Prices are very reasonable - about $9 bucks for most salads.  Comparable to Dean and Deluca any day - size and freshness are very similar (but Crisp is cheaper!!)Get there early - a line starts to form inside.  You will love it!  This is my new favorite Uptown lunch place.  Grab your salad here and head to Romare park or to the atrium to sit and people watch.   :-D
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,3/30/2014,27,121,2,4,3>I usually haven't been to many places like Good Bottle, but now that I have, I will definitely try to get out here more often! The selection of beer here is definitely not what you would get going into your neighborhood grocery store. Hell, you may not even find a good portion of these brews in a Total Wine. The location is alright, located in South End, for me it's on the opposite side of town. The interior has an accurate feel for the kind of business- bar and small brew market. TV's, bar seating, restrooms. Unless drinking at the bar, the beer is available mostly in bottles I'd say. You buy by the bottle, but their packaging is in cardboard 6-packs. Some brews are available in cans, some are also available cold, in refrigerators. Growlers dude. Great set-up.Ideally, if you're looking for a rare brew you can't find most places, this is the place to find it.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,3/29/2014,9,106,3,8,6>Really enjoyed it!! We walked in right as they were opening for lunch this Sunday afternoon. As first timers, we spent a few minutes off to the side looking over the menu before we ordered at the front. A really helpful staff member told us their specialities and gave us suggestions for first timers to try. I ordered the 1/4 chicken and substituted my 2 sides for the recommended quinoa stuffed avocado. The chicken was juicy and tender, not dried out! It came with mild and medium sauces. LOVED them both!!! My husband had the Inca Wrap with chicken and french fries as a side. Wrap was tasty, but not as good as my roast chicken. The fries (which were recommended by the staff member) were like he said, probably the best in town! They were crunchy, not greasy at all! The food was presented beautifully and was served quickly! They also have nice patio area off the the side, would be perfect come spring! I'll definitely be back! All of the staff were efficient and gave great customer service!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,3/28/2014,103,218,1,6,4>You know something's going right when the lunchtime wait for a table is 45 to 60 minutes!  Luckily, THC proves to be worth the wait and then some.Now in fairness, I and my party of 5 stopped in for New Year's Day lunch at 1 PM.  It was packed but the hostess stand had things firmly under control and the adjacent bar space is the ideal place to get settled in and enjoy a local craft beer or cocktail.  Given the special day, I gave the drink list a gander and asked if there was any cocktail that didn't fall on the sweeter side of things.  Our bar server was refreshingly honest and admitted all their drinks were a bit sweet, but he directed me to the 'Paris of there South,' due to the complexity of flavors and the rye whiskey base.  Sweet?  Yes, but it was a very pleasing blend of bitters, elderflower and ginger beer.  I could have had a half dozen.  I should also note the 'Mega-Mosa" here, which is a Mimosa that includes nearly a full pint of champagne.  Definitely not for just sipping and perfect for an extended brunch.  This bar alone will do well in this city.We did advance our timeline by scoring a table in the bar area, which is all first-come first-serve seating.  My only complaint was the wait to get service started, but the two servers in this area seemed stretched out to the max and it wasn't for a lack of interest on their part.  In fact, our server acknowledged the wait and more than made up for it once he got to us, with a quick wit and spot-on service throughout.  He was as entertaining and quite professional, an ideal mix.The menu largely breaks down into sandwiches, entrees, and breakfasts, with a big focus on Southern cooking and large portions.  There is no 'lite' menu here and it's all but impossible to order anything small.  Given the huge fluffy biscuits that come with any order, this will be a BIG meal, no way around it, so loosen up your belt and settle in.I had a country breakfast plate and there eggs were cooked perfectly to order and came with a very large portion of country ham.  Home fries are thin sliced potatoes and, while good, were very oily and lacked a bit of crispness that would have made them pop a bit more.  All of our sides, even a very tasty swiss chard and asparagus, were pooling with oil upon arrival at the table.  All quite tasty, but really only adding to the heaviness of the meal.  My wife had the 'sassy garlic chicken' and it was rather tasty, especially with a nice peach-burbon glaze on top.  Again, portion sizes were large and it would not be impossible to share a single entree if you're not looking to blow it all out at a single sitting.Omelettes and the sweet-potator pancake (even the kid's portion) are massive and will more than fill even a hearty appetite.  All are also highly recommended alternatives.  THC knows how to serve you some food and keep the taste factor high.  You will likely leave, however, feeling that there is no need to eat again for the day.  Definitely not a place to put on the regular rotation if you have any concern for the waistline, but a welcome addition to the city dining scene when the occasion calls for hearty fare with a recognizable Southern twist.  Good character, fine drinks, and they will make sure you leave quite full... this place is as sweet as their name.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,3/27/2014,60,133,3,7,6>My husband and I really liked Fitzgerald's.  The service was great, the food was very tasty and the beer was cold and so good!  I had the Black & Blue sliders and they were delicious and my husband raved about the Steak Sandwich.   The restaurant has a very comfortable atmosphere.  Nice bar area with TVs and quite dining areas, too.  Great place for a night out with your honey or to meet up with a group of friends.   You also can't beat the location...central to Time Warner Arena, Blumenthal, and EpiCenter.   We are always looking for a place to eat whenever we are uptown for a sporting or theatrical event....looks like we have found our place!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/26/2014,89,238,4,6,6>Oh my New Yorker parents were in heaven at our lunch yesterday! They live an hour away and are already planning their next trip to Katz's. Perfect bagels and amazing smoked salmon. Pickles and cole slaw come complimentary. Pickles tasted fresh made in-house- although two on our table looked like they came from the jar instead. Like others have mentioned the cole slaw is yummy but room temperature. My parents didn't seem to mind. My mom's famous statement when asked if a meal out met her standards is often "It's fine, but its not like New York".That statement was not uttered yesterday. Food was fresh and delicious. Stand out was the borscht. Yeah really - killer warm beet and cabbage soup with a little bit of beef. All food was filling, generous and reasonably priced. Our waitress was a little MIA due to some high maintanence tables. It didn't diminish our lunch enjoyment though.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,3/24/2014,205,512,1,14,5>This swanky Moroccan style salon is the home of the new Tracy Riggs Salon located beside the honey baked ham store on Woodlawn Road.  Tracy still offers natural hair services along with a list of others as noted on her website......she now has 2 or 3 other stylist in the salon, a brow bar to come and still offers her Bye Bye Parabens product line.  I must say it is the most gorgeous salon I've ever had the pleasure of seeing and she's still adding to it, but so far it's pretty fabulous.  Congrats on making your dream a reality!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/23/2014,68,615,2,7,5>Wish we had half stars as this is a strong three with high potential to be a full four star.  An excellent Chinese restaurant.The shopping center in which it is located is "in a hole" meaning that you have to slide down into their parking lot and shops.  And Baoding is just about exactly opposite one of the entry drives, which makes it hard to get around cars parked in front.We went for lunch.  Interior was warm, to the dark side of light, but cozy and pleasant.  Menu had all the standard meals and we ordered quite a variety, all of which were good.  My best take-away experience was that the kitchen will cook to order if you have something you have had overseas or would like a certain dish cooked differently, no problem.In my many travels throughout Asia I spent a lot of time in Kuala Lumpur (KL) my favorite breakfast was Bee Hoon, the small rice/glass noodles stir fried with shrimp, squid, and lots of other stuff.  Very yummy.  Problem has been that Chinese/Asian restaurants in the Charlotte area only serve Singapore Noodles, which are Bee Hoon style, but always, to my disappointment, cooked with curry powder.At last, Baoding understood what I wanted and even offered another way to prepare this dish with a white rather than a brown sauce.  The waitress knew exactly what I wanted but checked with the chef, who also joined our table discussion and out came a wonderful pile of Bee Hoon in white sauce.  The waitress assured me that if I did not like it that they would replace it.I did and was, and continue to be, happy with my Bee Hoon.And I appreciate how Baoding takes special orders in stride.  And that says a lot about how competent their kitchen is.  Yes, sir...this is the place.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/22/2014,454,65,5,9,9>Last night when the wind was blowing everything and everyone around...it blew me right into Jaz-Jan The Sweet Joint.  I'm trying to do better this year with my sweet cravings but I thought to myself, "One for me and one for the bf shouldn't be too bad", so I treated myself.  I only ordered two, a Banana Pudding Cupcake for me and the Strawberry Lemonade for him.  I've already tasted the Strawberry Lemonade and it's taste just like the name...perfect.  The icing is what really gets you!  This was the first time for the Banana Pudding Cupcake and when I took the first bite I had to stop and look down to make sure this was a cupcake and not actual banana pudding.  WOW!  It was wonderful and I immediately kicked and thanked myself for only buying one for myself b/c I would have ended up eaten all of them last night.  I dare say that I tasted pieces of fresh banana in the cupcake itself.  I didn't even think about taking a picture but maybe next time...b/c I'm definitely going back in for another one!  The cupcake was super moist and the icing tasted just like banana pudding!  If you're reading this...stop by Jaz-Jan The Sweet Joint, you won't be disappointed.  Oh and it helps that the ladies inside are super sweet!!!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/21/2014,53,163,6,12,6>I was fortunate to try Stagioni on one of the "Friends and Family" opening nights and I liked it so much that I went back 2 nights later!  In fact I was scoping out the menu on that first night and figuring out that whatever we didn't order that night I would just get on my next trip in.For me there was never a question of not liking this place, Barrington's and Good Food are my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and I knew this place was going to be on par, if not better because its Italian and I LOVE Italian food!!  The design really is beautiful, from the floors, to the bathroom chandelier, to the cool picture spread out over the dining room ceiling, you can tell a lot of work went into making this place look good.But the most important part, the food and drinks!  I have only had beer and wine so far, prosecco on tap, how cool is that??  I like that there is a whole section of spreads, my favorite was the ricotta, I could have licked the bowl clean but that would have been inappropriate so I stopped myself.  The red pepper and truffled cauliflower are good too, but the ricotta is just so creamy and light.  Arancini were delish, but how can you mess up fried balls of rice?  The braciole was another standout, as was the meatball pizza, the brodetto and the fettuccine.  But my new favorite thing in the whole world is the stracci, seriously I have been telling anyone who will listen to order this dish.  It was homemade ribbon pasta, huge shrimp, and pistachios in a light tomato saffron broth.  It was so amazing we were all fighting over who got to finish this dish.  I know I am missing some things but I am sure you get the point, pretty much everything its delicious.Finally, dessert.  They have the pear skillet cake on their menu that Good Food used to have, its served with avocado ice cream and some salted caramel and its truly one of the most unique and delicious desserts I've ever eaten.  I was so sad when GF took it off their menu so I was very happy to see it here.  I also tried the zeppoli's and they were different than other zeppoli's I have had, much lighter so I almost felt like I was being healthy (haha) but still very good.Overall, I was very impressed with Stagioni.  Usually when a restaurant is brand new you expect to have a lot of issues with food and service but I had 2 great experiences and plan on going back again this week, I mean a girl can only go so long without her stracci!!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/20/2014,106,185,6,10,6>Miguel's has all the things I like:  delicious food, good drinks and candy!The servers are courteous, but tend to work fast and you tend to have multiple people waiting on you, so you don't really get attached to any particular one... One guy brought us the complimentary chips and salsa (which was delicious! The chips were hot and perfectly salted.  The salsa tasted fresh with a really nice kick to it.).  A lady came to take our drink orders and brought them back to take orders and a different guy brought our food out... All of them were nice, but I have no idea what their names are... The margaritas are definitely worth a taste, if that's your thing... The medium is the size of a Presidente from Chili's, for comparision's sake...  So the large is an investment... lol  They have a number of specials for lunch and dinner... My favorite is the beef burrito with rice and beans... It's perfect for a light lunch, but still filling...So, I'ma go ahead and tell you: this place looks sketch as hell, but put that aside... This is one of those things about not judging a book and blah, blah... The inside is clean, the food is super tasty, the specials are great, they sell old school penny candy at the register and the drinks are good... What more do you want?
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,3/19/2014,137,460,1,10,5>I enjoyed my first visit to PDQ.  I ordered the Grilled Chicken Salad with blueberry-ginger vinaigrette salad dressing.  The salad was on point.  The dressing was tasty as well, however, I was a bit taken aback by its consistency which was thick and pasty-like.  That aside, the restaurant has an array of drinks and I could not resist the Vanilla Coke for an afternoon thirst-quencher.  The hand-washing station is stationed so that you have no excuse to avoid the spread of germs.  BTW, PDQ stands for People Dedicated to Quality.  Needless to say, that was evident during our visit.  We were consulted to ensure everything was well at our table and when we informed one staff member that the sweet tea was not sweetened, it was handled immediately.  The staff are always cleaning up and tending to the restaurant and patrons.  I look forward to visiting again.  Thank you PDQ for a great restaurant experience.  Please open a location closer to my home.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/18/2014,74,148,,4,6>My group and I swung by here on a whim right before an evening concert across the street at the TWC. We were seated immediately upon arrival which was a pleasant surprise considering it was already during the dinner rush. Our server was friendly and very knowledgable of all the items on the menu and highly recommended we go with their in-house made pasta dishes. We took her suggestions and all were exceptional. We started with their mussels appetizers. A little on the pricey side for the amount you get but you can definitely taste bold and flavor of the white wine which we enjoyed. Anything you get here is rich in flavor and texture and very filling. Take home boxes for everyone. Yummy leftovers.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,3/17/2014,63,221,3,4,3>Hello friends,This place packs a punch.. or bunch..ahhh maybe a bit of both. I must admit my 1st time there I walked thru & told my friend, "this place reminds me of Common Market near the Chicken Coop". His reply.. "It IS C.M. I guess you didn't see the sign" Well anyyywayyyyy, on a busy night it can get tight on the inside. Since i was enjoying a fine stooge I stayed on the outside in front (which was pretty big). My bud bought a 6 pack of a mix of beer and we were off!!Go enjoy,TTFN
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/16/2014,56,401,2,6,4>You'll have a great time!  Newcomers may get nervous that they're so close to the action.  "Am I gonna be part of the show?"  You do get that "front row" at a comedy show type feel.This is intimate, this is personable, this is spectacularly raw and refined rolled into a booze encouraged party.It's just what the city of Charlotte needed.There's a ton of seating for a small theater and there's beer and wine offerings.  The actors and staff are friendly, engaging and practiced at their craft.A fun time to be had.  You'll be missing out if you don't come to a show.Try:  Bringing friends.  You'll be the cool guy that saw that band first.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,3/15/2014,75,87,2,5,2>I enjoy going to the Midnight Diner, it's always there when you're hungry. We've gone many a morning afters, and many a late evenings. I love the firecracker shrimp salad, warm delicious shrimp tossed in firecracker sauce and put on a bed of sexy lettuce...(didn't know lettuce could be sexy did you?).I've also had an omelette here, fries, grilled cheese, carrot cake. I haven't had anything I didn't like. My friends have tried the chicken and waffles, and even french toast and chicken (upon request), chili cheese-fries, hot dogs, and the Mexican burger YUM.The crowd here gets interesting, so keep a look out for some good people watching moments. We love when we get a fun waiter/waitress to like Lissssssaaa, which is exactly what her name tags reads.Try out Midnight diner for your next late nite, or after hours get together, or morning after a good time Uptown!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,3/14/2014,61,127,,7,2>Not sure why I had never reviewed this place yet.  I've been going here for years.  It seems to be the place Dilworth area bartenders go to eat after their bars close for the night.  Even though I had lived in Upstate NY for a year I actually heard about Beef on Weck from here, not Buffalo.  Now I make sure to get it when I go back up there, but I like Lebowski's Beef on Weck and Lebowski Burger.  The place caters to the northern transplant crowd and is packed when the buffalo football and hockey teams are playing.  There is a full menu of white russian type drinks.  The daily specials are usually a good deal too.My biggest issue is the parking lot is almost always a cluster.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,3/12/2014,8,70,4,5,3>Why, oh WHY did we wait so long to try Krazy Fish? When I think of the sublime shrimp and grits that I could have been stuffing my face with all this time...I weep for the loss.Funky vibe, cool and casual. Beer menu could use some work (not really anything special on tap), but the food was awesome. Again, I'd order the shrimp and grits again any day of the week. Husband's calamari tacos were, as they say, "off the chain". Prices are super decent, especially if you stick with anything that's not on the "Entrees" part of the menu. We're eager to hit them up for the weekday half price taco special sometime, since that seems like the best deal in Charlotte. How soon can we go back?
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/11/2014,498,511,4,10,4>I really love this salon. Great location and Sunny is the best. Make an appointment ahead of time and enjoy the Aveda products as well.Vaneeza is also great here - she did my touch up and blow out. She did an amazing job, people kept asking me where I got my hair done. Very friendly and professional.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,3/10/2014,57,290,5,9,5>I've been getting quite generous with my ratings as of late, but I feel like it's so well-deserved!  Maybe I'm dining out and getting lucky with some spots, or maybe I'm just in a general jovial mood.  Whatever it may be, let the good times roll.First of all, the place has a modern feel, but still very classy.  It's a good balance of a nice solid sit-down first-date restaurant (maybe?) but also a great place to hang out in the bar and patio.  So given all the upside of the patio and bar (and probably the good-looking people that would frequent such a spot)... I came here for Saturday lunch when there wasn't any diners.  What?  I came after a round of golf, in full golf garb, to get a solid meal in--I wasn't disappointed.I ordered the spaghetti.  Simple and classic to really gauge the cooking...if I wasn't completely blasted already for a round of golfing + day-drinking.  It hit the spot and I appreciated the portion size.  It wasn't too much where there's lots of leftover, but at the same time, it wasn't too little that left me wanting more.  Props to portion control.Service complemented the food well.  One dude in our group doesn't eat meat, and ordered the sea scallops with risotto.  It came with prosciutto and the staff took it back promptly without a tinge of unhappiness.  It's a classy thing to do and was surprised at how well it was handled.  They don't get five stars for this, it's a reason that they have five stars--if that makes sense at all.I'll gladly be a patron of this restaurant, and hopefully I can make it out here on one of the more popping nights... looks like a good scene...dmo out.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,3/9/2014,9,39,3,6,4>One of my favorite places in Charlotte--great homey tasty food.  I think their burgers (on a pretzel roll) are moist and delicious, and their baseball-sized meatballs (gooey, of course) are fantastic.  It's a great atmosphere, has friendly staff, and I don't think I've ever had a meal there I haven't completely enjoyed, including the bacon-wrapped tots, their salads, and their chicken milanese (although I think $15 is a little pricey for a chicken cutlet, the quality can't be beat).  I'm a FB friend, and Fran's is always posting unique and delicious-sounding specials.  If I ate out more, I would be a more regular patron!  Good wine/beer list too.  One of my local favorites!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,3/8/2014,66,101,4,7,5>You guys, they are updating their menu and had a "Lamb Burger with Feta and Curry Mayo" to try as a special that they are adding.  It. Was. Awesome.  Seriously, so tasty.  You need to go here, and get that burger, and then die of happiness.  Been here several times, and although service is a tad slow during lunch, they're always very friendly and the food is great, so I don't mind.  ALSO - check in on Yelp... you'll be glad you did :)
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,3/7/2014,10,2,7,13,12>This place is just awesome, PERIOD!  My girlfriend and I went at 7pm on a friday night and sat outside on their patio.  We immediately noticed was how attentive and knowledgable the wait staff were.  I say 'staff' because although we really had one waiter, people were stopping by constantly to see how we were, and if we needed anything.  They were beyond familiar with the menu and they talked to us about the food as if they were each aspiring chefs / owners of their own gourmet burger joints.  They were enthusiastic about the food and made great recommendations.We started out with the Nom Nom Calamari, which despite being kinda run of the mill squid, is prepared in such a way that they blow your socks off!  Between the prepeation and Sweet Thai Chili sauce, they're amazing!  Ours were very spicy, so be careful if that isn't your thing.   We also had a half-dozen Bonzai wings.  These wings were incredible!  And with appetizers around $5 or $6 dollars each, you should just get a few for the table.  The more the merrier!!    When it came time for the main course, I had the Black & Blue Burger (medium-rare) with Shimp chips, and my girfriend had the Nom Nom Burger (well done) with french fries.  I wasn't in love with the Shrimp chips.  But, I suspect that I blasted my taste buds on the double appetizer.  The burgers were each cooked PRECISELY how we requested them, and when I say that mine was just about the best burger I've had in Charlotte, I mean it.  You simply can't write a review that describes how flavorful it was, so, I won't.When we were done, the ower came out to greet us and thank us for coming.  I was so blown away I kept thanking him.  So, between the bangin' food, AMAZING staff, and amazingly friendly prices, I recomment you go to this place immediately!    I know this is a long review, so I'll end it with this:  I often pass by The Liberty Restraunt on South Blvd which has the sign that reads, 'Charlotte's best burger.'  When I see that, I have to wonder if they've ever been to Nom Nom.Keep up the good work NOM NOM!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,3/6/2014,84,110,1,9,5>Bean automatically gets 5 stars for being an all vegan restaurant that serves all the traditional non-vegan foods that I miss. They have modified versions of so many of my old favorites: buffalo fried tofu fingers, creamy ranch dressing, delicious veggie burgers, house made vegan cheeses, and amazing desserts. My husband and I stopped here for Sunday brunch and I was impressed with their brunch offerings. We started with the cheese plate and opted for the smoked cheddar, brie, and pepperjack. All were good but the brie took home the winning prize. I also had the chicken fried tofu and waffles. Wow was it tasty! They always have a long list of daily desserts and I don't recommend leaving until you've tried the kitty kat cake. Their description is it's like a kit kat bar in pie form.Even though it's all plant-based, a lot of meals have fried components so it's not really the healthiest. I like to come here when I feel like I deserve a true American indulgent meal. We've also tested Bean out on some of our non-vegan friends and they all gave it a thumbs up. Bean currently ties for my favorite vegan place in Charlotte.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,3/5/2014,50,110,6,10,7>Just had one of the best dinning experiences of my life and it only lasted 35 minutes because I was running late, but I can not wait  to go back to Good Food.  At first glance Good Food is very inviting, with cork block walls and wood ceilings, a nicely stocked bar and an open kitchen, but what really gives it a nice fealing is its warm and inviting staff and of course the food. Our waiter Jeffrey was amazing we didn't tell him we were in a hurry, but our food moved out of the kitchen quickly throughout our meal and we never felt rushed. We did not order alchohol that night and he still treated us as if we were his only customers. Oh and did I mention our food?   We indulged ourselves in perfect portions of pea risotto, Korean beef stir fry, heirloom tomato  homemade mozzarella salad, and a cheese plate. When we went to leave our waiter said no dessert and we explained we were in a rush. He said no problem and quickly brought out our check and thanked us for coming, Another waiter saw us get up and asked if  everything was ok? He was truly concerned we were unhappy and we could not be more delighted with the service or our meal. Loved it!  Never have I seen a staff take so much pride in a restaurant. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,3/4/2014,18,43,6,12,7>There's nothing sexy about laundry or dry-cleaning. It's important though. In a time where fewer and fewer people do their jobs well, Rex Cleaners does.I don't use a dry-cleaning service for much because I'm a tight SOB, but some things I have these professionals do religiously.-Dress shirts. I get them cleaned, no starch for about $2 apiece.-Suits. I've had them dry-cleaned here and although I can't remember for how much, I know the price was fair.-The staff (husband and wife team it seems) are extremely pleasant.Once, they fixed a small hole in the pants of one of my suits enabling me to not look like an absolute peasant. Gratis.They are fast, I've taken my shirts here so many times and have never had any issues. I have not been so lucky with other cleaners.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,3/3/2014,27,89,2,14,6>After doing some research online I realized that Artistic Brows was a lot closer than my usual brow place so I decided to give them a try. The shop is in an interesting location it looks like townhomes/small businesses adjacent to a shopping center that includes a grocery store bank and other places.  There was a nice and clean spa like atmosphere when I walked in . I signed in and waited for my turn . This was not my first time getting threaded but it was my first time having a brow consultation she looked at my brows asked me how I wanted them and then told what she was going to do seeing that one was more arched than the other . It was quick and as painless as brown threading could be. I like the ambiance of her shop and the location so I will definitely be back seeing that I have gotten a lot of compliments on my brows!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,3/2/2014,94,181,5,13,6>WOW! All I can say is WOW! Up till now, Zebra was the best restaurant in Charlotte that I ate at. Now, it's Barrington's! My best friends were visiting from TN, and I wanted to treat them for their Birthdays (There were 3 of them visiting). I knew it wouldn't be cheap but what the heck....you only live once, right?Now understand that me and my group of friends are real "foodies." We've had the fortune at eating at some of the best restaurants in the country. Not bragging, just giving some context here. So we typically go "all out" when possible, and given the special nature of this night, we certainly went "all out."So, to start the dinner off, we ordered the French Onion soup AND TWO pasta dishes since I read that they are famous for their pasta. This was basically "for the table" (i.e., we made it family style). My GOD. The French Onion soup was nothing like I've ever had before. Obviously reconstructed to a fine, modern twist. It didn't have your regular "toasty cheese" on top. Oh no.....it had a fine "cheese FOAM" in the center which was like a rich, cheesy sour cream but way better. The Onions were sweet and savory. Just about the best I've ever had! The pasta? IF you ever come here, you've GOT to order the gnocchi! It was freakin phenomenal! Don't know how else to say it. It had fresh parmesan, braised veal and porcini mushrooms which was layered with elegant yet powerful flavors. That sounds contradictory......you get the picture. It was GREAT!As if the pasta and soup weren't enough, we also added the Foie Gras. I mean, how could you NOT order Foie Gras if it's on the menu! It was wrapped in Prosciutto, over a homemade fig bar surrounded by a blackberry sauce. Again, RIDICULOUSLY good!We're basically full at this point. BUT we've GOT to brave more food! So we got the Ashley Farms chicken, the Crispy Duck and the Beef Short Ribs. Again, WOW! My gourmand buddies BOTH said that it was the BEST duck they've ever had! And I assure you that we've eaten LOTS of little duckies in our lived. This one had to be brinned for days as it was UBER moist......practically melt in your mouth. Yet he kept the skin crispy. That my friends takes great cooking technique. Same with the chicken. The skin was the best part...you can see the bird was pressed down to ensure even cooking while getting the skin very crispy. Some of the best chicken I've ever had, and probably THE BEST my friend had. The shortribs were also delicious. Not the best I've ever had (that goes to Roy's out West), but certainly the best in Charlotte! Oh and just for you know what and giggles, we ordered all 3 of the side dishes: Truffle Mashed potatoes, Garlic Spinach and Roasted Mushroom. Verdict for the main courses and sides? Just incredible!Now we're WAY overstuffed. So we get dessert. Why not? We do "cut back" and only order 2 desserts (but 3 portions). My friends all got the warm chocolate pudding cake. This title is misleading......it's more like a souffle, a flour-less one! Everything is made in house, including their ice cream. This was a decadent dish, a dream for chocolate lovers. I got the warm cinnamon bun, with some of THE BEST ice cream I've ever had....a brown butter pecan ice cream. We all suggested to the waitress that the Chef sell this in the grocery stores. It was uber yummy! All over a CARAMEL drizzled bun.Now, here's what I think many people overlook. While the did have a decent and affordable wine list, my group and I are REAL oenophiles. Not snobs by any means, just true wine lovers. So I did some research and found out that Barrington's only charges a $20.00 corkage fee. This is VERY low for a high quality dining establishment. So I brought 3 very special wines from my cellar, and figured at $20/bottle, so $60.00 total for 3 wines that could have totaled $2000.00 in some restaurants (I told you we went all out). So I thought that was a steal. When I got the bill (yes, I paid!) I saw that they only charged me $20 for ALL the wine I brought! Again, WOW!Finally, I was STUNNED by the final bill. Here we go "all out" and I was thinking maybe $500.00 or something for the FOUR of us. But no, It was under $300.00. Not cheap by any means. BUT keep in mind that we ordered 3 appetizers, 2 full pasta dishes (which are entrees), 4 other entrees, all 3 sides, and 3 desserts. That my friends is a LOT of food. For under $300? For 4 people? I mean, you couldn't possibly order more food. This was a food lovers paradise and the bill was incredibly reasonable!Out in Las Vegas this mean would have been $1000.00+!!! I can NOT believe at how reasonable the prices are in this restaurant. Again, please keep in mind that this is a FINE DINING establishment! So when I say "reasonable" I'm comparing it to other restaurants of similar quality. From that perspective, it's a STEAL!Both my best male friends said it was THE BEST MEAL of their lives. It was in my Top 5 for sure.That is a TREMENDOUS compliment to the Chef and this restaurant.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,2/28/2014,46,131,4,7,2>The first thing (and this is a weird one), the toilets were so clean, I was mind-blown! I have never seen such clean toilets at a mini golf / arcade place frequented by kids.Their putt putt golf course is really neat, going all the way through hills and dales and waters. All the fake animals around were really fascinating, even for me. They also have a mini train by the entrance. A toy train, not one you can ride. This is a pretty new place so all the equipment and the course itself is really nice. The folks who work here are super friendly.They have this thing where if you get a hole-in-one on two holes that match what they have (they don't reveal it beforehand, duh), you get a free game. Also, at the very end if you put the ball through the toilet, you win a $10 gift card for a bbq place. One of the holes (I forget which one) has a stream going through it and if you shoot the ball in the stream, it goes into the hole.This is one of the most fun putt-putt places I have been to. Really affordable too, at $8 / adult and if you play a second round you get half off.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/27/2014,88,357,1,7,4>I ventured into JJ's on a whim that I believe was influenced by hearing the name mentioned frequently on Yelp.  Maybe I am confusing the name with the significant other of our former CLT Yelp CM.  Nonetheless, I heard of it.  We wanted a quick place to go for lunch.  This is where we ended up.Atmosphere - Casual, warm, clean, hipster-ish-y for a modern location, inviting, an intimate space while still feeling easy to maneuver about Service - friendly, trained on the product, communicativeFood - Being overwhelmed with choices (I know...it's odd...isn't this just a hotdog joint?) I opted for the Hand Crafted (build your own) option that allows for 3 toppings.  I got a hotdog on a toasted bun with slaw, JJ's Hot Relish, and...yellow mustard.  I think my lack of sleep the night before guided me to the choices I made that in all actuality were just plain odd.  I believe my mind was focused on the slaw that I saw on another patrons order and the rest fell into the "I like hot stuff and yellow mustard separately...why not together?" thought process.  I knew this was an odd order to place based on the puzzled look from the person at the counter.  I also opted for some fries, onion rings, and un-sweet tea.  Everything arrived to the table piping hot!  The hotdog was good, but probably would have been better sans slaw or just slaw.  I appreciated the grilled appearance and taste of the hotdog and the bun was soft but still substantial.  The fries, while commercial in appearance, were awesome!  They were cooked perfectly crisp and tasted clean as if they were made with fresh oil.  While the fries were cut to the perfect size for me, the onion rings were not.  These onion rings were the shoestring fries of the onion ring world and unfortunately, I am not a fan of shoestring fries.  In my opinion there is too much of a greasy taste.  The tea was as good as un-sweetened can be. Overall - If you want a quick and inexpensive bite to eat with a great atmosphere and solid food, I do not think you can go wrong with JJ's Red Hots.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,2/26/2014,115,242,3,7,5>I came here for a coworkers baby shower and could not have been more impressed with the space, the food, and the employees. If you've never been beyond the pastry case in the front of this location you are missing out. It extends so far back it's hard to believe. They have so many little nick-knacks to look at you'll never be bored.I also didn't realize you could rent the place out. Someone told me that it could hold a wedding party of 80! We only had the back rooms rented out for about 20 people and it was plenty of space. Amelie's provided quiche Lorraine which was wonderful, as well as a spinach quiche, their famous pastries, coffee, and orange juice. I was so impressed with their food I took some home to my husband, who took literally a bite out of everything because he couldn't decide what to eat.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/25/2014,42,110,3,9,8>I love West Elm! My go-to stores for kitchen, bartools, and glassware are usually Sur la Table and Crate and Barrel. I'd been in West Elm once before, not noticing they had a home goods area. (Or maybe it wasn't there yet). They have great glasware at a better price than most home goods/ cookware stores. Butcher boards, knives, barware, everything you need (Along with great furniture). And, they're opening up a coffee bar right inside the store! Pretty cool. Shop and pick up a cup of jo!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,2/24/2014,73,204,2,5,4>I was able to land an outside table on this beautiful day.  Our server was pretty no nonsense, putting one in mind of a raw food dominatrix.  In a good way!  I enjoyed the Tree of Life juice.  I ordered it with the cayenne pepper, using every spicy granule.  My friend enjoyed the Zinger, a beet based juice with beautiful color.  I had the Rawco Taco Salad, complete with avocados, vegan sour cream and, most importantly, hot sauce!  Can you tell that I am a junky for the spicy?  Who is the dominatrix now?!  Delicious, a sizeable amount and healthy beyond belief!  The only thing that would make it better is if they offered vegan wine.  Hint, hint!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/23/2014,194,183,4,9,6>(Note: This review is about the restaurant portion of the grocery store.) Pepero, thank you for being in Charlotte! Besides the items I've tried in my previous review, I've since tried their kimchi jigae and yukae jang. I would try other items on the menu, but the latter two have recently won my heart.Don't expect anything fancy, but you will be served efficiently and attentively. Pepero can get pretty busy depending on the time you come, but I really think the servers try their best to make sure you have a fine dining experience. I appreciate that.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,2/22/2014,31,88,2,5,4>I love love love Lulu! Every time I've been lucky enough to dine at Lulu, I've left delightfully stuffed.  This place hits my big three: service, food and atmosphere.The service is always great at Lulu.  You can tell these servers eat the food, they like the food and they genuinely want you to enjoy your dining experience.The food is always delicious and always is.  The house cut frites are delicious and pair perfectly with well-seasoned filet or rib eye.  My favorite dish at Lulu would have to be 'The Movie Star' aka Fried Calamari.  This delicious is banging from the ground up!  The calamari is seasoned and fried to perfection and the sauce is HEAVENLY. I want to bathe in it. I wanted to dip my steak in it, my fries, my face, anything! That Asian Love sauce is a-mah-zing! All of their house-made aiolis are awesome, too! Do yourself a favor and order one of them with your meal if you get frites. Lastly, the atmosphere. This place is adorable, cozy and just plain warm.  Lulu resides in a small and charming house renovated into a restaurant.  The place just feels comfortable. I love the hardwood floors and mustard yellow walls. In the back of the restaurant is a small dim-lit lounge, perfect for an after OR pre-dinner drink.  OR better yet, ask to share your dessert there.  Overall, I think it's clear that I love this restaurant. I urge you to add Lulu to your bucket list!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/21/2014,53,350,2,4,3>I don't even know where to start with this place. It was all amazing.I love that it's located in an unassuming office park in Cornelius. I love that the exterior gives away nothing at all about the interior. I love that parking is easy and traffic is nonexistent. I love that it's totally biking distance from my house (for my husband, not for me -- though I am an adult who has successfully ridden a bicycle in the past, it seems my current bike-riding skills are more akin to the walking skills of a baby colt approximately a minute after being born -- sloppy but adorable).I love that their beer selection is diverse and ever-changing. I love that they make their own wine (I can't wait to try it!).I love the little details of this place -- the exposed wood rafters (probably more for decoration than function, but I don't care), the intimate ski lodge seating area and the high top bar area, the cool things for sale. I love that their beer flights are served in a board that looks like a clown's horn (you know, the thing they squeeze in your face when they're trying to be funny). I love their logo (both iterations ... I never figured out which one is more recent). I love that their bartenders are chatty but not too much so, and that they have good recommendations for anyone who comes in looking for something new to delight their palate.So in case you haven't guessed yet ... I love Ass Clown Brewing Company. And you will, too.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,2/20/2014,27,54,3,6,5>There's alot to like about Pizza Peel. The lunch special is a buffet of pizza, drink, and a salad. The toppings and crust are both flavorful, and their salads are surprisingly great too. I'm all for Dominoes or Papa Johns as much as the next guy, but Pizza Peel is where I'd go for a great pie. They have dozens of beers on tap, and a nice variety of other dishes. I haven't tried anything but the pizza buffet, but based on that experience, I'd easily go back for dinner. The only knock I have against them is their prices. Everything seems a little high, and $20 for a large pizza is a tough pill to swallow. But the quality is good, and the staff is friendly too.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,2/19/2014,113,243,,7,3>I was a bit skeptical about going to another pizzeria place.. but, good job Libretto's!Place - Blown away with the layout of the restaurant.  Maybe that was a strong word, but I was suprised.  It was clean, new, and not run-down or messy at all.  It was refreshing to come into a nice restaurant to eat. Service - Carrie was helpful and took care of our crew of 10. She was attentive and took care of our order despite the questions we had asked about the size of the pizzas and what draft beers are carried.Food - We had:- Chicken Florentine:  I personally liked the pizza, it has your typical chicken and veggies, which was good. Some of the people were 'meh' about it. - Anchovies and Mushroom: I did not eat this, but everyone else loved it.- Tuscany: Was so-soThe food came out quick, did not have to wait too long. So that was a plus.Liked they had the $3 draft beer special.Price - I did think the price of the pizza was a bit pricey, especially for a large and a medium.  Large will get you 8 large slices, Medium have 6, and a small will get you 4 slices.Overall, I would not mind coming back here agian for some pizza and good company.  If it was just myself or with my husband, it would be too much for us to finish.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,2/18/2014,187,1664,5,8,6>With a name like DD Peckers, you can be sure you'll offend someone. But it's not about the name. Really. Just pretend you didn't hear it.Finding the place can be a little bit of a chore, since it's not much to look at - either inside or out. And once you're inside, there isn't much room to move around, especially if there's a crowd. You also may not want to look too closely.The name is actually "DD Peckers Wing Shack" - means that you ought to try the wings. So go wild. There are something like thirty flavors on the menu, from naked (in keeping with the theme of the place) to the alluring Hoisin Honey. Try them all if you are so inclined, but it might set you back a bit, a 5 wing order costing more than $4.I'm old, but that's not cheap. At least you get the celery and dressing included, not like 10 cent wings at the bar when you have to pay extra.The big downside is the service - it can be pretty slow, so be prepared to wait. And wait. And then wait some more. If you think you might want extra wings, order them up front, because you may not get a chance for a second order.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,2/17/2014,249,585,1,8,6>Beautiful layout & in a good location. Downtown/uptown really needed this addition. It's great for sports enthusiasts because it has the grassy areas, good for runners,  walkers & dog walkers. The waterfall part is really nice & the kids really love it!You can also get very scenic views of the Charlotte skyline, as well as the upcoming Charlotte Knights stadium.I look forward to events and entertainment here!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/16/2014,62,68,1,7,6>The fast-casual burger joint invasion has been hitting Charlotte for the last few years.  Versions of every shape and size popping up offering their versions of the American classic.  And mostly, they've been disappointing.  Until now...Burger21 is less than 1/4 of a mile from where I work, so I decided to hop in and check it out one day for lunch.  My expectations were fairly low (based on past experiences), but the results totally blew me out of the water!  The meat on the burger was thick, juicy, and full of flavor.  There are a variety of burgers available (along with the required "build your own") to cater to all tastes!  And if you want to take your burger creation just a little bit further, a sauce/topping bar with a number of available sauces is available for your perusal.  Price-wise?  A little bit on the high side, but I don't mind paying for good quality.  Atmosphere?  Very clean, with a variety of tables and high-tops.  Bar seating (at the milkshake making station) is also available.The one thing that didn't really impress me?  The fries.  Meh... take 'em or leave 'em.  But that burger will be bringing me back again and again!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/15/2014,75,80,5,7,4>I reviewed the other location when it was younger than this location is now.  And of course I LOVED it.  I was nervous-ish about the other reviews on this site, until I realized where they were coming from...people in Huntersville kind of aren't ready for a restaurant like this.  If you want a place to bring your screaming children after soccer practice, and also want your food served on china, this isn't the place for you.  It says right on the menu, 'low brow food and drinks'!  Pinky's Huntersville, PLEASE don't change your 'paper basket' serving style.  It's what gives the place its charm.  The food was perfect.  I got the pterodactyl burger with cheese.  I modified it by putting fried pickles on.  Normally I put my burger down between bites to have some of my side, but I could NOT put this one down.  The quality of food definitely doesn't vary between locations, which is a huge plus.  For my side, I skipped the fries and got the fried squash.  Heavenly.  Hea-ven-ly.  Crisp but still soft on the inside, just like fried squash should be.  Fried pickles were on point, of course.  (Don't forget to try them with honey mustard!!)The 'team service' was what I was mostly worried about, but I needn't have worried.  A girl came by to take our drink and appetizer orders.  A perfect amount of time later, a girl came by to take our food orders.  Another girl brought our food, took our to-go order of fries and pickles (for my parents at home), and our check and food came out promptly after that.  Maybe service has been bad on other days, but our waters were filled and our tummies happy.  I had no complaints on that score, or any score.  (Except that the weather was terrible but that's someone else's fault entirely.)  Also, $30 for 2 orders of pickles, two sides, and two entrees?  It's a steal for food this delicious, that you don't have to drive all the way to downtown Charlotte to get.  Even the music was awesome!  It was pretty full when we went, which is good.  I hope this location lasts and isn't edged out by its location in suburbia and people not understanding the point.  As for the person calling the food 'Penguin wannabe'.....well....do your research.  Eat at Pinky's!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,2/14/2014,84,82,2,5,3>My husband and I checked out Mimosa Grill for the first time during Summer Restaurant Week here in Charlotte (which is still in process). We've seen the restuarant in passing and I work in the area so I see it while taking walks and never thought to go inside.WHAT HAVE WE BEEN WAITING FOR?? Is all I can say...Our first course included:Hummus with veggies & olives plus grill pita bread&Season Salad with FRESH tomatoes, carrots, etc..Both were AMAZING, the Hummus was so tasty and the pita bread had a very nice char taste to it. The dressing on the salad was so GOOD that it made me want to rub my finger through the bowl and lick them :-)Our Main Course included:Pecan Crusted Trout over mashed potatoes & haricot verts&Herb crusted Salmon over fresh sauteed sweet corn with cilantro and veggies.There are no words to express how FRESH both entrees were and how many flavors were involved with each. They were both very pleasing to us.Our final Course Dessert:Cheesecake&Peach Cobblese with BrownSugar IcecreamWe are not big dessert eaters however my husband demolished the cheesecake which was pretty tasty, the peach cobbler crust was good (seeing that we both are not into cooked fruit, we just ate on the crust with the ice cream which was a SCORE)..I enjoyed my dinner so much that I walked over for lunch the next day and had a Hummus Wrap which was AMAZING. I really like this place, the only reason they didn't get a 5 STAR out of me is because I have to ensure they are consistent. Once visit doesn't amount to 5 stars, nor does two visits. I need to see them under pressure (service, cooks, etc..) so I will wait until I visit with a large group and see how fast, professional, and good the food is and if they pass I will update my review accordingly.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,2/13/2014,117,303,3,11,4>We have returned to Intermezzo a few times and the Serbian dishes are very good.  The beef burek is very good.  Think of it is a flaky calzone with perfectly seasoned ground beef.  I have also tried the stuffed cabbage (sarma) which was very good.  Additionally, the sandwiches are very good since they make their own bread.   I highly recommend this place and it is reasonably priced too.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,2/12/2014,66,114,4,6,6>I really dig this little operation they have going here. The girl running the cart outside of WF Atrium today recommended the blackberry, ginger and lime. That's what I got and its so flavorful! Good aftertaste with the ginger. Next time you see them in your 'hood, stop and get a treat.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,2/11/2014,22,48,2,6,4>Ok... So I eat here WAY too much and may be slightly biased as it is pretty much " in the hood" but people for those of you who were saddened by La Unica's passing:  BE SAD NO MORE!!!  This place is the real deal taqueria... It's not pretty, it' plenty divey, it's small and the ac can be dicey but it is (as Granny used to say) Goo-ood.  From the beer selection and Margaritas to the chips/salsa and the ENCHILADAS you cannot go wrong!!!  The service has been getting better bit by bit over the years and now (perhaps cause we are regulars) it is a-ok most nights.  Cheese dip with chorizo will make you Hap Hap happy and indifferent to the fact that your arteries are clogging and if you are a big mole sauce fan then this one's for you.  Get a big margarita and at up y'all!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,2/10/2014,19,88,4,8,6>5 stars! Definitely 5 stars! I wish i could give them more.I now know that there are ITALIAN COOKIES close to Charlotte! And not just like a $15 variety pack like other places try to pass off. I'm talking 2 cases full of Italian cookies! Derado's is the only place in the south I have ever seen the set up. There are also cannolis, Italian deli meats, cheeses, 3lb sandwiches and so much more! Might as well call Derado's Heaven instead. Seriously. Then to top it all off, from the moment you walk in the owners treat you like a member of the family. Be prepared to spend a little bit of time sampling items and hearing about the delicious family recipes. It's an overall wonderful experience that's totally worth the drive a bit north of town.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,2/9/2014,129,75,4,7,4>I love Zoe's! But don't try to go here in the middle of lunch hour. By 12:30 all the tables inside and out are filled and there's a line out the door.But should you be one of those lucky ones who can go to lunch at 11:30 then it's a perfect place for lunch. The food is good, reasonably priced and fresh. There is low calorie fare as well as some items that have a little more than you would like but who cares it's your day off counting calories anyway.The Steak roll-ups and chicken roll-ups are my favorite but having just tried the kabobs I think that's about to change.One thing to remember is that if you have a smart phone, join the club, take a picture of every receipt you have from a meal there and they will e-mail you a coupon for something. Usually it's a soda or chips or a side salad, but the other day it was for 1 free entree . . . and that steak kabob was mine.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,2/8/2014,13,23,30,12,11>It's Monday night; I'm hung over, tired, and have been wearing the same two-week disposable contact lenses for so long that the calcium deposits are creating white blind-spots on my periphery. Who do I call? Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Tuesday night; I have a six-pack of PBR in the fridge and four episodes of the CW's break-out hit Arrow to catch up on... Who do I call? Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Wednesday night; I'm supposed to be meeting a coworker for trivia at some dive-bar in Ballantyne, but it's that sort of awkward cold outside where it's too chilly for shorts but not quite cool enough for long pants. Plus, I don't have any clean socks. So I blow it off and call Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Thursday night; my ladyfriend and I have a hundred bucks worth of unassembled Galaxy Squad LEGO kits stacked up on the coffee table and the latest Channing Tatum action flick pirate-bay'd. Who do we call? Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Friday night; I'm supposed to be meeting up with my friends to hang out around a fire pit and drink beer and talk about life, but I'm "feeling kind of sick" or "I'm really busy" or "Really? I didn't get that text". Instead, I'm calling Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Saturday night. AJ and S are coming over to drink gin and play old school Mario with the lady and me. We wanna grub up but AJ and I are unsuccessful in convincing the women to cook us something. So we call Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Sunday evening; the Panthers are playing a late-game at San Francisco. I have a free-pizza coupon from Papa Johns stuck to the front of the fridge. But who do I call? Ho Ho Cherry House. The point is - no matter the day, no matter the situation, the only reasonable answer to your desire for Chinese delivery is Ho Ho Cherry House. Sesame chicken. Shrimp fried rice. Egg foo young. Crab Rangoons. Those gnarly little dumpling things. A bucket of General Tso's. A freakin' boat-load of Lo Mein. A lil Mei Fun to keep things crazy. It's ALL GOOD. Seriously, if you're in their delivery radius (from 7th street), hit this place up. It's very consistently good, the delivery drivers are friendly and professional, and their website has super-convenient online ordering so that you can get through 90% of the experience without having to speak to another human. On those nights where you just wanna stay in, be lazy, and gorge yourself on something cheap, delicious, and oh-so-not-good for you, Ho Ho Cherry House is it. Let me emphasize one thing: The name of this restaurant is HO. HO. CHERRY. HOUSE. An inspiring entrepreneur selected for the name of his or her establishment, Ho Ho Cherry House. This is a real thing that is happening around us that we can all be a part of. No joke. It's Chinese takeout that tastes like Chinese takeout. It's predictably, unspectacularly exactly what it's supposed to be. Very few things in life infuse me with as much pure joy and anticipation as someone uttering the words...Ho. Ho.Cherry.Houuuuuuussssseeeeee.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/7/2014,65,242,1,8,2>Came here for appetizers only, but we were totally impressed. The service is effusive, the  plateware is beautiful and the food is great. The Gobi Manchurian is one of the best I've had. Perfectly cooked cauliflower (not soft, not raw) with a super crunchy breading and a nicely balanced sauce - slightly sweet, slightly spicy - supplemented with lots of onions and green onions.The Mirch Pakoras were good but different. I think it was whole jalapeños fried in a nice soft batter. The lime served on the side was a nice balance when squeezed over the mirchi. The free appetizer padadum was incredibly spicy. Beware. Although we really liked it. The hari chutney (green chutney) is smooth and the tamarind chutney has a sweet apple flavor. Overall, this was a pleasant surprise, and we will definitely be back.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,2/6/2014,30,135,,10,2>Crafty Beer Guys is in a great location in the heart of downtown Huntersville. You can already see how it has affected the community in great ways. We have visited on several different occasions and it seems the locals are happy to have another craft beer hangout close to home. The beer selection is not overly abundant but what they do have is quality. They have several local beers on tap, including some from Noda Brewery and Triple C. Having met the owners a few times you can see this place will be a success. The bartender Ryan is awesome, always smiling and friendly. This is also a dog friendly bar; as long as your pet is on a leash they are welcome. Another plus! The place itself is an old house on the main street of Huntersville, near the fire department. Seating on the porch has been popular especially with two ceiling fans to help cool you off. Inside there are several tables in the front as well as toward the back in the wine room. Yes they have wine too!In addition to beer and wine they have homebrew supplies, classes, wine tastings, soda, water and occasionally some burgers on the BBQ. We are grateful for Crafty Beer Guys and all the great things it brings to the community, especially craft brew!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,2/5/2014,30,54,2,8,2>South Park is a mall for the higher-end crowd. A middle-classer like me goes to hit up the Container Store or Sur la Table or the Apple Store. Walking the mall can be like navigating a slalom between the grab-bag of mall walkers (slow walkers, aimless drifters, large families, rambunctious teens...) and the mall layout (kiosks in the middle of the walk areas, huge furniture or stage areas in the junctions). If you have some time to kill, it's a great place to people-watch, just like any mall. The mall design allows for a lot of natural light to enter the mall so you don't get bogged down in mall lighting. Some of the anchor stores include Belk, Dillars, Macy's, Nordstroms. From there, it's high-end garb and accessories, jewelry shops, shoes, and lingerie. The food court has Subway, Chik-Fil-A, Sbarro's, and options for Chinese, Japanese, or vegetarian.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/4/2014,179,499,4,6,6>I'm a fan. I scored a hot lunch date with the lovely Amy C and we popped in for our BBQ Fix. We chose Thursday on purpose because the Nooner Special (love that the lunch specials are called "nooners") is their Pulled Pork with two sides. I opted for Mac and Cheese and Fried Okra. The mac and cheese was Ahhhhmazing. Pure cheesy goodness on a plate. The fried okra I could have done without...note to self always chose double mac and cheese!!! Not to be overshadowed the BBQ was very tasty too! And they were very gracious with the portions...which is always a good thing.  I RARELY.... if ever can't finish my food but today I needed a box. All in all, loved this place (once I found it..haha) and I look forward to coming back again! Mmmmmm.....BBQ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/3/2014,192,99,6,10,4>I'm just going to reiterate what those who have been fortunate enough to experience Pinky's have said in their reviews here:White Trash Burger: Yes, you should get it at least once but be prepared for a gut bomb for real. (I haven't had the Ding Dong burger but have heard it's pretty dang good as well. I might be adventurous enough to try that someday... Maybe.)Cheese fries: Yes, get those also. But again, gut bomb.Corn dogs of any sort: Hell yeah. Get those too.Atmosphere: Super laid back, hipster, casual and diner-ish. I went there today after not showering for 2 days and no one seemed to care. (Let the judging commence...)Pricing: Average, affordable diner food pricing. ($22 for 2 meals and 2 soft drinks)Service: Spot on! Did not have to ask for anything at all as our server was seriously on top of everything. Also, on our way out the door today after lunch, we were told "Have a good one!" and "Thanks again!" by several of the employees. That really goes a long way for me.And lastly... Why are the "Shrimp Corn Dogs" not called "Shrimp Puppies"??!! It is just beyond me. It would be such a cute little name for those delicious morsels of fried battered shrimpness. It just makes sense. (Yeah, go ahead and get those too.)**Oh! Almost forgot... park behind the building in the gravel lot or else you won't be parking anywhere.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/2/2014,876,4126,22,31,29>We enjoyed our brunch this Sunday. Arriving right in the middle of the rush, it was a surprisingly short wait. The tables turn over quickly here!Even though they have tons of other stuff - sandwiches, waffles, salads - there are two pages of crepes on the menu - one of savories and one of sweets. Tough to choose!After our waiter brought us two swimming pool sized cups of coffee, we chose one sweet crepe (the Apple Streusel) and one savory (the Crispy, which is cheese stuffed). Both took a little bit to be prepared, during which the coffee was refilled. Good coffee, btw. Even though they have lattes and cappuccinos and other 'elite' coffees, you can't go wrong with a cup of Joe here.Both plates arrived looking excellent as you can see from the pictures. The apple crepe was massive and quite sweet. The "Crispy crepe" was excellent. Tons of cheese and lots of flavor. I think I made out better for having that one. Oh, and the side of potatoes? Heavenly!Plenty of parking in the parking deck behind the restaurant or on the street if you can find it.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,2/1/2014,117,110,4,7,5>I love this little place.  I was surprised with what I found when I got here, but plan to be a regular.  I expected more of a little italian place feel to it, but Buona Vita is the neighborhood bar that I've been looking for.  They serve great pizza, and build your own pasta, and keep your glass full.  The crowd seemed to all be regulars, and the staff was very friendly.  They're open late, and have a great atmosphere.  I'll probably be seeing them tomorrow.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,1/31/2014,53,97,,4,3>Something about walking into House of Pizza makes me want to quit life and open a restaurant. (Which is funny because I already work in a restaurant.) Maybe it's the homey atmosphere, maybe it's the food that's so good you want to hug it, maybe it's the waiters so cute you want to hug them. This is definitely one of Charlotte's hidden gems.On the surface, it's not much to brag about, but the food more than makes up for it. From pizza and sandwiches, to Greek favorites like gyros and spanikopita, to desserts, you can't go wrong. And it's so low-priced you might as well get one of everything. Definitely a winner in my book!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,1/30/2014,108,93,2,12,6>Jamile's, a Somali restaurant, prepares their goat according to East African tastes. It comes in both soup and suqar. A crystal chalice of goat broth soup precedes every meal, and is served with a wedge of lime on the side. It's very fragrant and light, with a distinctive meaty flavor, though no discernible goat or vegetables float in the broth. It's the perfect dish to rev up your appetite. The suqar, on the other hand, is a hefty portion of goat that has been chopped and sautéed. It's not overly spicy, allowing the almost delicate flavor of the goat to come through, and very tender, owing to having been first boiled, then marinated before finally hitting the pan. All the meat is halal, or prepared according to Islamic law, which stipulates a humane and hygienic method of slaughter.Jamile's owners are from Mogadishu, and they cook according to Southern Somali tradition, which is less fiery than the in the north. But the house-made hot sauce on the side can fool you. It's cucumber green, cool, creamy-looking and hotter than the devil's daughter. Made of cilantro, onion, jalapeno peppers, garlic and vinegar, if you can handle the heat the symphony of flavors will set your mouth abuzz.The federation is also good; a split plate of spaghetti--left over from Somalia's 19th century Italian colonization--and fluffy, jasmine-like rice dotted with raisins and carrot shavings. This fantastic dish, and nearly everything else on the menu, rings up around $10.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,1/29/2014,165,779,3,7,4>Had my very first hike here just yesterday so I'm not as familiar with the ins and outs of the entire state park.  But what I do know is that this is a fantastic place to go hike and a good day.  The trek we embarked on ended up leaving us atop the mountain with several fantastic views of the surrounding areas.  The incline alone is pretty challenging but I sort of wish the trail itself wasn't as man made I think.  It's a gravel trail for the most part, at least the one we tried and I just felt like I'd rather it be a little more raw.  The parking is easy and the access is just as easy.  Not to mention on the way home you can always stop into Hilbillys BBQ for a refueling session.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,1/28/2014,39,77,,10,4>From the ashes of a rather mediocre pizzeria now comes TRUE Crafted Pizza. It's a tremendous improvement, to say the very least. For starters, it's not a traditional pizzeria in any sense. You walk up and order from a menu above. Everything is hand-crafted and fresh-made; no slices of pizza that have been sitting there for hours waiting to be reheated. Additionally, all pies are individual sized; there's no family-sized pies here. Not to worry, the pizzas are simply phenomenal. As they're baked via a wood-fired grill and not a gas oven, they have a crispy crust that gives it a far greater flavor. Of course, it helps that there are some imaginative combinations on the menu. The pesto pizza with bell peppers is quite spectacular, and the broccoli rabe with sausage is sublime. You can't go wrong with their grilled pizza.There are other options if you're not jonesing for pizza. There are plenty of delicious toasted sandwiches and salads to choose from. Also, an excellent beer and wine selection to boot.I've started frequenting this joint about once a week, and haven't been disappointed so far. It's my hope that TRUE catches on, because it's a welcome respite from all the chain pizza take-outs around town.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,1/27/2014,91,93,4,8,3>Best vegetarian pho in town... And their lemon grass tofu is also absolutely delish! Doan's has quickly become a favorite spot for my husband and I, and we treat ourselves to their fantastic food and friendly service at least once every 10 days. Did I mention their thai iced tea? If I ever see thai tea on a menu, I have to try it. Some places make it too sweet, some too milky, some too strong - at Doan's, they make the perfect glass of iced tea! The ambiance is clean and bright, and their service quick and efficient - just another couple pluses!I see this restaurant staying on my list of top 10 casual spots in Charlotte for a while ;)
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,1/26/2014,8,59,,7,1>Great Place! Unlike all the other food court type restaurants at Concord Mills this is a REAL restaurant. They have a great outdoor patio and the inside is warm and inviting. There are lots of huge TV's and a great bar for all the husbands that would rather be watching the game instead of shopping with their wives. The food is awesome. You have to try the rotisserie style chicken wings. They are unlike any wings I've had and they're great. The pizza is honestly the best in town! Thin crust, fresh ingredients and a great sauce. I personally love roasted red peppers on a pizza but they're impossible to find...not here. All ingredients are fresh and not frozen. I'm pretty sure I heard the owner say they don't even have a freezer, that's impressive!Next time you're at Concord Mills you have to drop in and have a drink, pizza or appetizers. You won't regret it!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,1/25/2014,35,92,,7,2>Went here for lunch the other day. I have never had Peruvian food before but my lunch date was very familiar with it. According to him it was about as authentic as it gets. I enjoyed the sauteed steak tips. One tip, if you get there for lunch too early the rotisserie chicken will not be ready, however you will receive excellent service. I can't wait to go back and try more here!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,1/24/2014,255,284,5,9,5>I love Central Coffee. Great spot to get some work done with a delicious cup of coffee. If the study munchies get to you, they have a nice spread of pastries and other snacks to get you going. Bagels, biscotti, zucchini bread, muffins, quiches, other pastries... Their drink menu has a ton of different coffee and tea selections. Hot or cold. And they recently came out with a cold brew, which I'm totally digging. The baristas are friendly, and pretty cool, which I can tell because of their music..Yay Central Coffee! See you soon..
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,1/23/2014,40,151,4,9,4>Few things are better than an arepa - let alone an arepa bar.  As mentioned in other reviews, arepas are made from 100% corn, but they are nothing like a tortilla. In Colombia, they are served plain or with toppings and in Venezuela they are stuffed - but the arepa is generally the same. Arepas Grill offers the Venezuelan style. The cafe is simple, no frills - just great, fresh food served by nice people. I highly recommend trying the juices with water too. Note, don't go in a rush, expect food to take 15 minutes to prepare.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,1/22/2014,5,36,1,13,6>I'm a huge fan of Sunset Soul Food, I usually try to stop in at least every two weeks.  For some reason, I just can't get enough of their desserts.  The chocolate cake, peach cobbler and sweet potato pie are all to die for.I'm not a huge fried seafood eater; so I can't really comment on their seafood, but to date I haven't been disappointed with anything I've eaten here.  I was even brave enough to give their chitterlings a try and I was pleasantly surprised :)  To my knowledge most of the fried items are cooked to order; so if you're getting something fried, I would plan on around a 20+ minute wait.The overall restaurant is rather small; if memory serves me correctly they only have about 4 tables and a few seats along the wall near a pub shelf.  I typically get take out, and I wouldn't recommend taking a large group (5+) to dine in.One interesting thing about this place, is that they also cook Thanksgiving and Christmas turkey dinners.  I've had them do my Thanksgiving dinner for 2 years in a row now and my friends have always been impressed with the meal.  The pricing is fairly reasonable to, if I remember correctly a turkey, with 3 sides, rolls, gravy and a pie run around $69.Customer service wise, the staff is friendly and fairly attentive.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,1/21/2014,92,370,,6,3>I've been back already.  Still extremely busy, but they are handling it well.Me and a buddy showed up on a Friday night a little before 8pm and were seated right away, NICE!  Our waiter was extremely energetic and enthusiastic.  We ordered a couple IPA's(so many to choose from) and some fried pickles.  Our server came back quick with the pints but, by the time he had gotten there 2 different servers had tried to hand us someone else's food.  I'm not a fan of seeing my food get close to someone else's hands or face.  Then we saw our fried pickles going to another table, I made a little come hither motion and we quickly devoured these fried pieces of goodness.  It shouldn't take long before these people know which table is which.We both ordered the classic cheesesteak.  Our server tried to upsell us on double meat for a buck more but we declined.  It didn't take too long for the cheesesteaks to come out and in that short time our server came by to see how we were doing once and tell us our food we be out soon.  He had many other tables as well, so the effort was appreciated.  The manager came over and asked how we were as well.  Almost too much attention but, being that they are new, I think it was the right move.Our cheese steaks came out but, they were the small ones.  We just assumed that he assumed 2 hungry looking guys would want the larger cheesesteaks and he never asked.  I found it ironic he tried to upsell a lot of meat for $1, while he didn't try and upsell some meat and bread for $4.  It was enough food as is though.  Really good cheese steaks.  A little spicier than I"m used to at the other locations but, I loved it.  As soon as they were demolished we went back into the beers.  The flights are the way to go.  More oz/$ and you can sneak in a couple high gravity beers as well.  I did this a good 2-3 times before it was time to go.  I left quite satisfied.I've yet to be able to actually park in their parking lot due to the sheer amount of people but, you can park on the "street" out front.  I doubt Zaxby's wants any of the carryover and I'm sure that will be an issue if it isn't already.I'll be back again and again.  A little pricey for bar food, but solid eats and a ridiculous beer selection in a convenient location.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,1/20/2014,100,112,3,6,4>This is an adorable theater!  I really enjoyed watching a movie here and plan on going again whenever a movie I'm interested in hits this place.  The only downer about this place is that it's small and only has two screening rooms, but I don't mind that.The workers there are really nice, and I chatted with one of them at the counter.  She was really nice and informed me that they started serving warm nuts and asked if I wanted a sample.  So if you're a nut lover, keep that in mind.  She also let me know that Regal Manor Twin is the oldest theater in Charlotte.  (I enjoy little fun facts like that!)While waiting for the movie to start, I walked around the theater and thought it was cool that they hung paintings in the lobby that you can buy.  Great to know that they support local artists!There are bathrooms located on the main floor, which I think is good for the people who have a hard time taking stairs.  There are bathrooms located upstairs as well, and it is very clean and well kept for an old theater.The screening room itself is pretty good as well.  It's not stadium seating, but the view is still really good of the movie, not too big, not too small.  If you're a Charlottean and have not been here yet, definitely stop by and check out a movie here.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/19/2014,208,546,5,8,4>Wow I was so impressed with this pizza! It tastes fresh, delicious, and put my taste-buds in a frenzy. This isn't traditional italian pie but it is excellent none-the-less. We had the five cheese, the wild mushroom, and a big greek salad.  I enjoyed all but the wild mushroom with truffle was beyond incredible. The crust is the perfect texture (chewy with a slight crisp) and is served with honey on the side. (doubling as dessert= genius). Everything is local when possible and it is located at the 7th street Market so you can pick up some other local goodies while waiting for your pizza. I will definitely be ordering some PP in the near future!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,1/18/2014,72,68,3,5,5>I'm a fan of Cinebarre - I love the dining and movie concept. My hubby and I got a chance to visit on the 4th of July for a matinee, we caught an early show so it wasn't super busy but the service was just a nice.We arrived 30 minutes before the show and was able to place an order.  We weren't super hungry but you have to have popcorn!  The popcorn here is awesome - fresh, hot and buttery! They also show indie shorts before the movie - which is cool!A few folks during the movie made additional orders and it wasn't at all distracting - which I appreciate! I think we'd venture out again to Cinebarre on a more happening night when we can take advantage of the bar and adults only atmosphere.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,1/17/2014,92,226,4,9,3>Fourth Ward Bread Company off Graham Street in #CLT is a welcome addition to the neighborhood but a LONG time coming. The space is large with lots of places to eat or lounge. I loved their blackboard wall and bicycle coffee valet station. Let me get into the food before commenting on operations. Most people know this place for their "Kronuts", but I agree with Kathleen Purvis/Helen Schwab's funny video on it - they are tough and not delicious. So move onto the goodness. Kathleen says their standout offering is the pain du chocolat but I would argue it's actually the egg and cheese croissant where as Tae-Sun mentioned, they bake the egg with seasoning and fresh chives right into the croissant with pure deliciousness and provides a really filling crunch.For sweets, I'd vote any of their bread puddings. I wouldn't say "OH I'm a big bread pudding fan." It's usually heavy, and either too dry or too soggy. This is almost like a french toast bake but with absolutely delicious flavoring. I've tried Mocha, Chocolate, Blueberry and one other flavor they were giving samples of during their "soft opening" and each was totally delicious in every way. I couldn't even pick a favorite they were all fantastic.  Another great pick? Their brownies, which far outshine their GIANT blondie brownies or cookies. Their brownies are like fudge and definitely my favorite plain chocolate brownie in town. YUM.Their roast beef sandwich is HUGE and pretty good, though there's au jus on is so sometimes the bread can be soggy. There are roasted peppers/onions on it and it has decent seasoning but it really needs something else- like a horseradish spread or a spicy mustard. They offer 1 other sandwich and a bunch of pizza breads which I haven't tried. This town has a huge shortage of really good sandwiches (2 places I can think of), so I think they should totally expand their sandwich menu and their lunches would take off in a major way.  I'd be happy to be a sandwich consultant or taster (hint hint).  Their coffee is pretty good, but I agree with Shalu- it's a bummer they don't have skim or 2% milk. Let's recap my five star faves here:- EGG & CHEESE CROISSANT- BREAD PUDDING (ANY FLAVOR)- BROWNIE- COFFEEBack to operations- I think they're bakers, and a friendly family owned business but clearly not experienced business owners. Not only did their upfit take forever, they teased us with signage for I swear a year until they opened. Not only that but they painted hours on the door a few weeks before they opened so there were poor sods like me who tried opening the door with no one in there. Not to mention their bizarre soft opening for a couple days and then closed back up and reopened weeks later. That's not a soft opening, that's called a trial run. They clearly need a marketing firm to advise them. Man, I'm harsh for a 4 star review! But my other operational complaint? Their hours. I can't tell you how many time It's been 8:20 pm and wanted to go there but they were closed. Argh. You want a bakery to be open for early breakfast or for post-dinner dessert. They don't have to be open 24 hours like Amelie's, but 7am -9 pm would be ideal especially since they have beer/wine. I'd love to meet a friend for wine and dessert .I have faith they'll get more experienced and expand their menu so I look forward to coming back with a 5 star revised review. They're already MILES ahead of Nova's.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,1/16/2014,151,1019,3,15,8>I came here with the dinner group and I have to say that every aspect of this place was fabulous starting with the reservation process to the final check.When I made the reservation for 12 people, the hostess asked me a little about the dinner group, if we had special request and if we were true to our time.  Someone called back the following day and asked if the reservation was still correct.  We had one cancellation and were down to 11 and she said she had the perfect round table for us that fits 11 people.  Awesome.I arrived early and sat at the bar.  They have great bar-only appetizer specials of $3, $5 or $7 from 3-7 Monday through at least Thursday.  The items sounded tasty and from the aromas from orders from the people next to me, I could only assume they tasted amazing.  One appetizer really stuck out to me, the crispy brussels sprouts leaves.  When I mentioned this to the bartender, he said this was taken from their pork chop entree and made the recommendation of trying that for dinner.  And so it was noted.On to dinner.  There was a slight disappointment with our group when we found out we were not eating at the round table as noted above but they instead put us at the front of the restaurant against the window with a nice view of the fountain at Piedmont Town Center.  Our server, Laura, was phenomenal.  I would recommend her to anyone visiting this restaurant.  She knew the menu, often asked you what you thought of appetizers or your entree, etc.  The real kicker with Laura is that we noticed she had an accent and were curious as to where she was from.  She made us guess and after that she spent at least 10 minutes with us talking about her country and why she came here, her family etc.  I've never had a server do that in all of my life.  It made this dining experience that much more incredible.  'As for dinner, the pork chop was huge and flavorful.  The polenta was cheesy and creamy.  Yum.  And the brussells sprouts where a nice tasty garnish.  The pork chop was so big, I ended up bringing half of it home.The place is a little expensive but the service was so worth it.  For groups of 8 or more, they add a 20% tip to the check but you can add more if you want.  I did.  Believe me, I did.  Laura received a 60% tip from me.  Love the decor of this place.  Classy with drapes separating different areas and pictures of French landmarks, fashion and culture.What capped off this experience is when the bartender came out the door as we were leaving and asked me what I though of the meal.   Honestly, if I could rate this place 7 stars, I would.  I think I just found my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte.In summary, when you go there, make a reservation and ask for Laura B as your server, start at the bar with the daily specials, and for your entree, try the pork chop!!!!!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,1/15/2014,54,320,6,6,5>As usual, the lying cow on my GPS insisted I was at my destination and I was not.  Thanks to perseverance and a female's uncanny ability to read maps (ha!), I was able to find this great little spot.  (thank you Yelp photos!)Dark wood, low lighting, lots of British items (including Union Jack ties on the wait staff) - this was right up my alley.  And speaking of alley, that is where you enter - not under the signage.  My waitress was friendly and helpful, though I am low maintenance, so I am pretty easy to please as long as you remember I am sitting there.  At an early 6:00 on a Wednesday night before a holiday (July 4th), the crowd was sparse for dining, though the bar seemed to have a pretty lively bunch.  They had some $4 pint specials (I believe it was Guiness, though I don't drink so I wasn't paying attention).  Also, Wednesday has half price appetizers.  The food:Cottage pie ($12):  Ground beef, peas, carrots and onions in a beefy gravy, covered with mashed potatoes and topped with melted cheese.  Very well flavored and not overly salty.  It is hard to do a cottage pie to my liking and this was delicious.  Though unevenly heated, some spots were molten hot and others were room temp, it was a very good dish that I would definitely order again.  Bubble and squeak ($4) - A pan seared mashed potato cake with cabbage in it.  I like colcannon from the Irish, so I was hoping this was kind of like that.  Alas, it was a mashed potato cake with a little cabbage in it.  It was kind of salty to me.  But, different.  I liked it, but I didn't love it.  I did however eat every bit like I wasn't going to get food ever again because I like white food groups with a pan sear on them.  On the far right side of Atherton Mill, there was plenty of parking, even directly in front of the pub.  If you are heading towards uptown and exit the parking lot on the same side that Big Ben's is on, you can catch a stop light to get back onto South Blvd rather than trying to cross all of the traffic.Wonderful little spot, I shall return!  (the food is better than the pictures I have posted would have you believe - I try to not use my flash inside of restaurants, as to not disturb other people with the weird fat girl taking pictures of her food, and this is a dark bar, so the pictures were bleh).
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,1/14/2014,216,466,,17,10>A very rare 5 STAR review from myself goes to Baku.  Located right on Sharon road near Diamonds Direct - Baku is very easy to find.We were here last Thursday night at the suggestion of other yelpers - Thanks guys!!!  They had valet parking right out front in case you didn't want to try to hunt down a spot.There is an upstairs and a downstairs where you can be seated.  Downstairs has the excitement of the open kitchen and very nice decor.  Upstairs is a little sexier with a bar, lounge areas, high tops and low tables.We were told to get a few small plates so we ended up with the pork dumplings (seared slightly on the bottom - comes with the house sauce - DIVINE), the peppers (I can't remember the name?!?!), tenderloin and asparagus skewers, pork belly skewers, and shrimp tempura.  Each dish was delectable, not too smoky.  Just the right amount of food for two people.The wait staff was super attentive (although struggling with the restaurant's newness still....)The decor and music - so sexy chic.  The hot towel service was a great touch.  I can't wait to go back and try new items.  Superb experience and truly a unique Charlotte dining experience.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,1/13/2014,1034,436,6,12,8>It's official e2 is my favorite spot in Charlotte for cocktails.  I've tried the Moscow Mule, e2 Collins, the Stoner, Prickly Moon something and the Dark & Stormy,  (not all in one night, even tho' some of you wouldn't be surprised if I did!)There is a good mix of traditional, frou frou and medicinal cocktails, something for everyone's taste profile.  I really like the bartenders, they are friendly, they don't act like "cool" bartenders, there's parking and outdoor seating.  I'm hooked!facebook.com/photo.php?v
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,1/12/2014,52,180,2,8,2>I'm very skeptical about getting my hair done in new places, but I needed a quick wash & blow out and found this place on yelp. The inside of the salon was decorated very nicely, and the people who worked there were very nice as well. I have extremely thick hair and it is about shoulder length so I really appreciated the stylist taking her time with my hair. After the stylist finished my hair, I was so in love with the shop. My hair turned out amazing! And I cannot wait to return to the shop. I recommend this shop to anyone who needs their hair done & is looking for a Dominican blowout. Prices were your average hair salon prices, possibly a little more or less expensive depending on the type of hair and length.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,1/11/2014,41,363,3,9,3>We decided to check out Blue during the Dine Out Charlotte weekend since the menu looked pretty darn appetizing. We dressed for a night out on the town, and despite her dress and my shirt and snazzy dress jeans we still felt slightly under-dressed. Blue has the looks of a fancy smancy place and dishes out food that exceeds expectations.We arrived on a Saturday evening at 6 and were blown away the second we walked in the door. The place simply screams "swanky" with a sharp, classy interior and interesting dining room layout. The host and servers were extremely formal and proper, which only made us feel like we were somewhere we didn't belong. But enough about the ambiance...on to the food!After taking our drink orders (the wine list is like gigantic!) the waitress brought over some complimentary bread and butter. The bread consisted of a cheese focaccia which was warm and cheesy, and there was also a dark cranberry walnut that was equally tasty. The bread is served with a dish of kalamata olive butter which I'm always a fan of. I can't explain it...I hate olives but I love it when they are infused in butter!For an appetizer I ordered the caesar salad with pork belly croutons. The salad is served a la wedge and lightly drizzled with a caesar dressing. Alongside the lettuce was some roasted tomatoes (not a fan of tomaters, but the missus loved them) and carmelized red onion, which went good with the lettuce. But the real kicker was the pork belly croutons. Don't let the name fool you...these are not dried, hard chunks of pork. There was at least six decent sized balls of pork belly on top of the plate. Each one was deep fried to perfection, giving it a hot, crunchy outside yet retaining the juicy, succulent pork belly inside. It was like eating a deep fried ball of the white fatty part of bacon...it was just that damn good. This pork belly is not for everyone, but if you're proud to be a bacon fat kind of person, this little tasting of heaven is something you can't miss.The missus ordered the calamari as her appetizer. The calamari was kind of "meh", and the batter was way too heavy and just wasn't good. The plate also comes with some fried olives and hot peppers which she devoured in a heart beat. I wouldn't recommend the calamari since I've had better quality stuff at lesser restaurants.For dinner I ordered the bison osso buco, and it was nothing short of tastetacular. Six huge hunks of slow-cooked bison meat sat upon a bed of roasted root veggies. The bison was awesome, and I love getting it when it's on a menu. It was also refreshing to see bison as an actual dish and not just a burger. The meat was lean yet still moist from whatever magic the cook worked on it. The bison juices all mingled with the root veggies which consisted of carrots, potatoes and some others. Oh, and I almost forgot the spetzel! There's spetzel mixed in with the veggies and it was crispy yet chewy, and simply perfect. This was one heck of a dish and a great alternative for the steak lover who wants to try something new.The missus got the pan seared scallops, and these things were massive! The sea scallops were cooked to perfection and served with a great seasoning and sauce. The dish came with broccolini and other veggies that were SMOKED (awesome!) and a potatoe puree that was pretty darn good. Now the portions here are huge...you're getting a full meal, not a small fancy tasting. We both ate half our entrees and took the leftovers home for dinner the following night (still tasted awesome reheated!) We weren't fully stuffed yet, but we had to save room for dessert. I ordered the sticky toffee pudding, and if you have a sweet tooth this is the dessert for you. The toffee "pudding" is actually baked so it's more cake-like, and its served upon a sea of melty caramel sauce. There are some hard toffee chips sprinkled about to give some texture, and on top of the pudding is a heaping scoop of dulche de leche gelato that was awesome. The toffee, caramel and dulche flavors were all great on their own, but when combined into one mighty spoonful I achieved dessert nirvana. This is one of the best desserts I've had in the area, and there is no way I would go back here and not order it.The missus had the baklava for dessert and gobbled it all up. There was pistachio and pear stuffed inside this huge Greek pastry, and it was served with a side of marscapone cheese. Bakalava isn't normally my thing but I won't deny the tastiness of this dessert, though it was definitely second to the sheer power of the toffee pudding.Blue is a swanky place, and you will pay for the ambiance through your food, which isn't exactly on the cheap side. We would not want to pay full price for a meal here (simply because it's a bit out of our price range) but it would make for a tempting Restaurant Week visit.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,1/10/2014,7,129,,3,2>We stopped by here for the first time last week. This restaurant is decorated and designed nicely but it's not a fancy, sleek establishment like many others around the Lake Norman area. It's nice to have casual dining experience without the crowd or wait, and excellent food. I had the jasmine hot tea, fresh basil rolls with shrimp and stir-fry. The tea was excellent, it really hit the spot as I have been suffering with allergies this spring. The fresh basil roll with shrimp tasted just like my husband's mothers homemade rolls, she's from Vietnam. The stir-fry came with a meat of choice, and could be prepared various ways. It also could be prepared as mild or hot as you wanted from 1 to 5. I chose mild.  I had the stir-fry with basil and ginger and jasmine rice. It really hit home and I ate every bite. I usually don't eat every bite on my plate. My husband had the Pad Kee Mao prepared "4" on the mild to hot scale. He said it wasn't spicy enough be it was still really good. We look forward to dining here again in the near future.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,1/9/2014,33,185,4,5,4>This place is amazing... family owned and operated and the chocolate is super good. I am not a huge chocolate person, I went to get something for my friends birthday, had the 7 deadly sins cake and I went back the on Monday to get more and they were closed.. I was crushed. I should have checked the hours. They have a good variety and you can choose what you want... I have started going when guests are comming as a nice treat, 1-2 pieces of chocolate a person.. everybody is always impressed. Great spot for a 'unique' gift that didnt come from some box store.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,1/8/2014,56,93,3,6,5>Okay so this is probably the best Indian food I've had in Charlotte!! I haven't tried them all but I was very impressed by Copper!!First off the staff was amazing!! Seriously every single person (and there were many) who helped us, cleared, seated us, served us, etc was absolutely the best. We ordered a bottle of wine (Cabernet Sauvignon) and it was really nice. I didn't do the choosing so I can't remember the name or how much it was but again very nice. We started out with the samosas which were A+ in my opinion. The hot sweet sour chutney they sat on was Delicious!!  They also brought out naan and the trio of chutneys (mango, mint, yogurt). The mango and mint were phenomenal (yes I will most like use every adjective in the book in this review). The mint was very unmint (can that be a word?) like and seemed more like a refreshing cucumber flavor which I'm not a cucumber fan but it was great. The mango was great and I could eat in on toast every morning!!  I ordered the saffron, almond, and paneer kulcha (bread) which was very good and the chicken chettinadu which was is my new favorite Indian dish. My partner in crime had the garlic naan and the chicken tikka masala which was also excellent. I will say the one drawback was neither dish had a lot of heat to it. I'm a person who really likes things spicy and we ordered the masala hot but it definitely wasn't even mild. That aside it was still so amazing!! For dessert we chose Hedonism which included 4 samples of desserts. These were the flourless chocolate torte (my absolute favorite!!), the gulab jamun (very good, best I've had but still not really sold on it), Bailey's kulfi (ice cream... it was good, just ice cream), and a 4th that we have no idea what it was... some kind of sorbet ice cream type thing but it tasted very much like it had cardamom in it and it was my friends favorite.I will definitely be back to Copper again and again and again as I loved the entire experience.  *sidenote I saw someone commented on the portions and we definitely did not have that problem... our meals came with more food than either of us has been served in an Indian restaurant before and he's from London!!*Atmosphere wise it's a really intimate and great place to have dinner.  The lighting is really really dark which is great for most people but I found it a little hard to see (I'm night blind...) otherwise great decor.A+++ for this place!!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,1/7/2014,46,70,3,6,4>This is my favorite sports bar in Charlotte.  I'm probably a little biased since I live in the neighborhood, but I really haven't found a better one in my 4+ years here.I don't feel like I need to explain much.  They have a solid selection of cold beer and great bar food.  I'm looking for burgers and wings at a sports bar and they do both well.They have a really cozy atmosphere with that sleek dark wood interior that I'm a huge fan of.  The guys working the bar have all been really friendly as well.  This is everything I look for in a neighborhood bar.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,1/6/2014,182,166,,5,3>I absolutely love this place.  I had been there once or twice before the infamous fire that shut this famed Charlotte gem down, and was definitely anticipating its return as I often drive by there.  My most recent trip found me at 131 Main for my graduation celebration - nothing crazy, just a few family members for a light "lunner" after the graduation ceremony at UNCC.  Per my two most recent visits to 131, I went with the crab cakes.  I don't know what it is, but I was having crab cake withdrawal lately and 131 was the perfect spot to scratch that itch...  Our server was extremely patient, cool, relaxed, understanding, etc, as my family strolled in late, and at various times.  Nonetheless, she was patient and accommodating to all that were there.  She was very flexible and accommodated my family's weird requests.  I love the new 131 since its reopening.  I will say, I am not a fan of the new, low, bar ceiling.  It feels tight in and around the bar area because the ceiling is so low.  Otherwise, this reincarnation of 131 Main packs all the service, great tasting food, and ambiance as the original.....Oh and the crab cakes were orgasmic - sex for your taste-buds...
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,1/5/2014,31,89,,5,1>I may be mistaken but I think these are the same people that used to own Cantina  1511 before they jacked up the prices and the quality went downhill.Regardless, I really like this place. It is in a great location tucked behind South Park Mall so people from all areas south of 277 can get to it with ease.I don't really tend to notice ambiance unless it is for a date or there is something special. However, there is something (which I can't put my finger on) that personally put me at ease here.The food is mid-range priced Tex-Mex but high quality taste. Even the chips are noticibly better than other Tex-Mex restaurants. The complimentary salsa has a bit more kick than most. It is tasty but be forewarned.I tend to always end up gravitating to the tacos and depending on appetite, and how many free chips I've consumed, I can order two or three (I can always take home that third).They have some pretty unique taco options and what is great is that you can mix and match. I have not tried a bad one yet. Although I am still working my way down the menu ;-)Also, if you are here with your friends, be festive and grab one of their signature margaritas. They are delicious!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2013,1/4/2014,58,176,2,4,2>They give A LOT of food. I was dining with a colleague from the area and she warned me that typically she gets the kid's meal for this very reason.I had my usual chicken teriyaki entree. I had opted for no rice, but The server accidentally served rice with my meal. So for her error, she brought out another whole plate of my side of mixed vegetables. The restaurant has a fresh feel to it because of its vibrant decor which makes it versatile enough for a meal with family/kids or a date or a casual business meet. Staff seemed genuinely nice.The food is average in taste, but still good enough to return. Prices average as well.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,1/3/2014,61,127,4,8,6>It doesn't get better than this.Rather small space, but the kitchen is always crazy busy, and everything that comes out is incredible. It's a restaurant and a butcher shop that serves top-notch quality meats cooked to perfection. So far, we've just sampled the burgers. The beef is ground in-house and cooked to order; when you say "medium," it's a true medium. The flavor is outstanding. I thoroughly enjoyed the Block & Grinder burger, as well as the veggie burger (on recommendation by our server). Their lamb and feta burger is superb as well - The Liberty just got ousted.The lightly seasoned fries on the side are a nice complement that support the main dish, not just filler. The micro-sized biscuits you get while waiting are addictive like you wouldn't believe. We were also told to try the deviled eggs. Not sure what they do to them, but it's definitely takes them to a whole new level.They have a fairly robust beer and wine list that covers every flavor profile you would like. On both visits, the servers have been as knowledgeable about the beverages as they have been about the food, and are eager to share what they know. Everyone we've encountered so far has been remarkably friendly. Even when it's busy, they don't suffer quality of service.The only downside is how busy this place can get - weekend waits can be up to 90 minutes. Definitely want to call ahead. Next time I might have to try one of the entrees. I can only imagine how great the steaks are, and I have my eye on the rabbit dish, too.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,1/2/2014,10,122,2,3,4>I could not believe i had not written up a review when I checked for their phone number tonight! As I have said in previous reviews, I am a Canadian Irish man, far from a Mexican food critic. In fact I had not eaten "decent" Mexican until moving to NC 7 years ago. I do now love it, and Three Amigos in particular (see my review's) and this is my next fav Mexican in the Charlotte area by far!I have been to & reviewed the La Unica in Huntersville and assume they are related as they have the same logo, and I like this one much better. Everything I have ordered, from the mole, to the enchiladas, & the best way to test Mexican, the basic taco. All are fantastic. We have dined in and ordered take out, I am normally not a fan of take out Mexican, but they make it work, and work well.Unfortunately they do not yet have a liquor license and therefore feel I am missing something when dining in without a cerveza. Hands down best Mexican without driving down to Central Ave, or Tijuana. Gracias La Unica!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,1/1/2014,104,306,4,6,3>They have Nintendo and beer.  That should've been enough, but fine. They have plenty of great bottles of beer, a great welcoming and knowledgeable staff and a nice handful of beers on draft. Charlotte does have several good bottle shops now (none of which are really close to my home), but Salud still just feels the most inviting and is my top choice to go if i plan to hang out for a beer before taking some home. It would be cool if there were more comfy seats around, but they do quite well with the space they have, including an outdoor space which i'm yet to utilize.They also have a mirror in the bathroom with its own Twitter account (@saludmirror)...so what more do you want? Go and enjoy yourself.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2013,12/31/2013,55,94,,5,2>Oh, how I wish Chip Nutty had worked out (yelp.com/biz/chip-nutty-), but alas, it wasn't in the cards. Instead we get The Burrito Factory. I usually select local, one-store, type businesses over the chain ones for two reasons, to support local business and because they are usually fresher, better and made with more love than those chain factories.Unfortunately, The Burrito Factory didn't have that local feeling I was looking for. Now, their food is NOT bad by any stretch of the imagination. But there really wasn't any real flavor or soul to speak of. My burrito was very bland despite the fact that I added nearly everything they had to offer. My mother ordered a couple of tamales and they literally just plop two tamales on a place and put some weird cheese-base sauce over them. Nothing else... That's not how you serve tamales.The day we went they had a local Latin radio station truck outside, which is how we noticed the place and decided to stop. Unfortunately, aside from what looked like an excessive number of servers and what I think was one of the owners and his buddies, there was nobody there but us. Their menu is simple and has some good offers. One of the cool features is their salsa bar, which has some very unique salsas you usually don't see anywhere else.Not a bad place to eat, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,12/30/2013,69,121,3,7,6>Jets has been our go-to takeout pizza joint for years.  I wanted to add an update to my earlier comments.  Consistently great pizza made quickly and friendly staff have always kept us coming back.  I find that you can tell a lot of about a restaurant (or business in general) by the way they handle a problem.  We had been on the Catawba River all day with friends so we were ready to get something quick and easy.  We picked up our pizza and realized when we got home that it was a completely wrong order!  Being a former waitress at an Italian restaurant in my college days, I realize this is going to happen and we thought about eating it anyway, but just weren't crazy about the toppings.  So I called to see if they could make us a new one.  Not only did they offer to make a new pizza the way we originally ordered it for free, but when we picked it up, they gave us an additional $10 credit towards our next order and a free 2 liter bottle of soda!This to me says that they were willing to go the extra mile to ensure that their customers feel taken care of. My husband wanted me to add that Jets has the best pizza in Charlotte when they get it right!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,12/29/2013,49,306,4,4,3>As a City, Charlotte is sorely lacking in Indian cuisine.  That's one reason that it's such a treat to have Nirvana around for a good, spicy uptown lunch.They have a rotating selection, and you can choose a tray of one, two, or three different dishes over rice.  They throw some naan (not the greatest naan, but good for sopping up leftover sauce) and a cup of raita on the side.The dishes are all well spiced and they usually have at least one selection that is legitimately hot.Service is really fast and friendly, so the long lines (another sign of how good this place is) move fast.As for seating, aside from a few tables on the sidewalk outside, there is no seating at Nirvana.  However, you can go into the lobby of the office building that Nirvana is tucked into and there are lots of tables where people chow down on lunch they've taken out from nearby places.This seems to be the only spot for a Indian lunch uptown.  Thankfully, it's really good.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,12/28/2013,23,95,2,6,4>The Charlotte craft beer scene has exploded in the past few years and Birdsong is just as good as any of the others.  The brewery is tucked away in a little spot at the back of the Center Stage building in NoDa.  As you walk into the tap room, the bar is right there on the right and you can see where the beer is made through the huge glass windows.  Artwork lines the walls and helps give the place a true NoDa feel.  It's really cozy compared to some of other breweries in Charlotte.  But don't be misled, it gets pretty lively.  Live music helps set the scene on the weekends.  The atmosphere is cool, and the beer is great.  There are lots of different types to suit any taste.  The Lazy Bird Brown Ale is a really good choice, as is the Free Will Pale Ale.  My personal favorite, however, is the unique Jalapeño Pale Ale.  The only way to explain it is that it tastes like beer with jalapeños it, but without the heat.  It's worth stopping in just to check that out.  And you may want to grab a growler to go while you're at it.  You won't find a food menu here, but just across the street you can check out a food truck for some cool and creative eats.  If you love craft beer and you haven't been here, I recommend you remedy that as soon as possible.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,12/27/2013,6,76,1,8,4>Wow - stop everything you're doing and go to this place right now.  Here is what you should order:1.) cevapi (chay-VOP-ee) with ajvar (eye-var) and kajmak (ok, I forgot how to pronounce this one).  The cevapi is 10 small sausages on homemade bread.  The ajvar is some tasty little tomato/vegetable mix and the kajmak is kind of like cream cheese but better.  OUT of this WORLD!  2.) eggplant napoleon - this was one of the yummiest things ever - mozzarella cheese on top of the homemade bread with eggplant and tomato bursting with flavor.  3.) roasted vegetables - i'm tired of explaining everything, just take my word for it.We also got cockta (i guess it's a Bosnian coke - average).  Should have tried the Turkish tea.  Oh well, next time.  All this food, and it was a lot, was about $23.  Tremendous value!  And the family that own/operate the place were the nicest.  we checked out the Bosnian market which is connected to the restaurant and which they also own.  We picked up some interesting things.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,12/26/2013,6,30,4,4,3>I went here after visiting other bike stores and seeing a lot of mountain and road bikes, and that wasn't what I wanted. I wanted a bike I could ride around town in, so my friend from Chicago told me to check out Linus bikes. I found this store through their website and went to pay them a visit. They weren't douchebags at all and helped me figure out what bike to get. I went to some other bike stores and they were full of some pretty douchey dudes. That's all I'm sayin'.Anyway, I ended up ordering the Linus Roadster Classic, and ordered front brakes to be installed on it because it's a coaster brake and I'm a nervous person so I wanted the extra brake. Didn't take long at all and since I bought the bike through them I get two free tune-ups. Jon was really great with everything and even helped me install the bike rack on my car. If you need a bike, and aren't looking to win the tour de france, I would recommend you check these guys out first. Apparently they also do yoga here as well but let's be honest I'm far too lazy to check it out.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,12/25/2013,155,972,2,9,6>Delicious. FRESH. Family owned. Open late. Delivery available. Yes, it is true! I now have my favorite go-to Mediterranean restaurant on the SouthEnd/SouthPark side of town. It won't break the bank and you'll have plenty to eat. It's a newly established restaurant taking the space of the latter Las Palmas Restaurant. The menu has a lot of dishes in Spanish as a way of honoring the Las Palmas crowd. Be like me though and skip over to the authentic Mediterranean dishes. The baba ganoush is the best I've had in Charlotte. Its smoky flavor almost had me licking the plate clean. My flexitarian side came out and I had to order the mixed plate with the beef, chicken, and lamb kofta kebab. OMG. Grilled to perfection. The dish comes with a fresh salad filled with cucumbers, tomatoes, and lettuce topped with freshly squeezed lemon juice, EVOO, and pepper. As of now, there are a few things lacking because it's a new start-up place. For instance, it's not too vegetarian friendly. They only serve flan and cheesecake, but eventually want to have baklava and other Arabic desserts. In a week they'll serve breakfast and sometime in the future they want to add Hookas. For those wanting to score a great lunch under $10, this is the place. For $7.99 on Tuesday, Wednesday, & Friday you get most anything on the menu. I almost cried tears of joy when I saw that they offer delivery. Now my lazy self doesn't even have to leave my home or office as long as I live within 7 miles of the place. The service is great. It's family owned. They don't serve alcohol (but the bar next door does).Try it out and you won't regret it. They are open late until 9:30pm during the week and until midnight Friday and Saturday.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,12/24/2013,64,99,,10,5>Looooooooooove Gaston Pickers! You can find ANYTHING in here! Carousels...check! Pet outfits and costumes...check! Neon beer signs...check! From antiques to cookbooks, this place really does have it all. Don't even attempt to rush through...plan to spend at least an hour if not 2 to browse all of the booths. Staff is super friendly and helpful. If you're looking for something in particular, just ask. They know where everything is and if they don't have what you're looking for, there's a book at the checkout counter where you can write it down and maybe one of the vendors will contact you. This place has really expanded in the last few months and there is truly something for everyone. Definitely check this one out y'all! Open erry-day!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,12/23/2013,12,77,3,7,3>I've been looking forward to trying the new waffle & coffee shop since they opened... finally got around to stopping by this past weekend. Twice! That should tell you I really enjoyed my first visit.I'm not sure if Cast Iron is more of a coffee shop or a waffle shop. The owner said proudly she thought they were both! I think she may be right. They have a ton of coffee, latte & tea options. Their espresso machine was down during my first visit, but the iced toffee nut latte I had to get was so good, I got another iced latte (creamscicle) during my second visit.I couldn't control my temptations & got a waffle each time. As other Yelpers recommended, I tried the Lumberjack (with bacon!) on my first visit. But I preferred the Slowberry waffle I got on my second visit. I liked the overall flavor better & I think the waffle was fresher on a Sunday morning.Having been in the shop now, I can see why they only offer waffles. It's a small space. They don't have room for much else. However, I do wish there were some other food options available. For good coffee from a local place & an occasional calorie splurge on a waffle, I'm happy to have Cast Iron Waffles in Southpark.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,12/22/2013,34,102,4,3,3>I've passed this place more times than I would like to admit, always being curious but never having the time to go in.  Finally, after a morning work errand with one of my employees, I suggested I would treat her for breakfast at her choice of places.  She chose Midnight Diner because she said it was simply-the best for breakfast.  She was right.  We had our coffees and juices on the table minutes after we arrived and I ordered the biscuits and sausage gravy with eggs and was in biscuit and gravy heaven as I sampled my first bite.  I could understand why this place had a line at 2am for drunk people who wanted a greasy and all-amazing breakfast. I was enjoying it in an all-sober state at 9 am.  The portions were massive so I couldn't finish mine, but boy..... I was happy as a clam leaving there.  Best breakfast award goes to The midnight diner!!!!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,12/21/2013,74,148,2,3,2>This is a wonderful vegan and vegetarian restaurant that also offers raw juices and gluten-free options. I don't think you can go wrong with any dish you order. I went for brunch and ordered the 'Chicken' and Waffles. The waffles are made of sweet potato glazed with warm maple syrup and topped with the 'chicken', which is tofu breaded like real fried chicken with a bit of a spicy zing leaving your mouth watering for more is placed on top. Parking is limited, they don't take reservations and the wait is pretty long if you don't get there before the typical meal rush hours.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,12/20/2013,125,274,4,8,4>This new addition to the Arboretum is certainly welcomed!  I am offering a solid 4 stars strictly based on the Gelato.  It was AWESOME!!!  They had so many different flavors and I love the generous samples they provided.  I ended up getting two flavors in my dish--Pistachio and Almond...heavenly...vibrant flavoring, creamy, etc.  Well Done.When I first walked in to this place I was underwhelmed.  There were all different stations (gelato, pizza, salad/pitas, wine/beer)...it was reminiscent of a Chinese buffet...just a lot going on.  But it was easy to figure out and everything made sense after I walked around for a minute.I ended up trying one of their pita wraps to start.  They have a little make-your-own station for sandwiches and salads.  It was okay.  Everything was pretty fresh.  They grill the chicken right in front of you.  The chicken before it was grilled looked a little more like a rubber ducky from my nephews bathtub but I tried not to dwell on that.  Once the wrap was stuffed with all of the goodies I selected, it was pretty decent.I also opted for the cucumber salad on the side and that was pretty good as well.I think this is a great new addition to the Arbo...they are right by Akropolis so they have their competition cut out for them but I think they will hold their own.  The service was friendly and you could visibly tell who the managers/owners were and they made sure everything was being handled properly.I would advise coming here for lunch as the wraps weren't very filling OR to just get the Gelato because that was crazy good.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,12/19/2013,29,99,,8,2>We came here one day after opening day - we were so excited to have a creperie nearby!  Our excitement was not disappointed: The experience was great in every way.The crepes are delicious, and really big and stuffed with lots of good food. Substitutions are no problem. Prices are more than reasonable (6-7 dollars for a crepe). We tried a breakfast crepe, a savory crepe and a sweet crepe, and I can recommend them all. Delicious Nutella makes the dessert crepes all the better!We talked to the owners a bit - it sounds like as soon as the farmers market in Matthews opens up again, they want to source as many of their ingredients as possible from over there. Great idea!! They also make great coffee (locally roasted and tasty) and tea (loose leaf).One downside: Everything was served on paper plates and in paper cups. They explained that the place is small and they were planning to mostly cater to the take-out crowd, but I would enjoy eating there even more on a real plate when I am not creating a pile of trash with one meal. That would also go better with the idea of sourcing your ingredients locally... Update: There are now real coffee cups! Thanks Royal Cafe for listening to what customers have to say, awesome! :)Bottom line: I will be back.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,12/18/2013,60,146,3,5,4>I love this place! We went for the second time last night and it was just as good as the first! We've tried their Sushi, Lettuce Wraps, Mongolian Beef, Hunan Chicken, Wonton Soup. FTW!Everything we've tried has been simply delish! The food comes out quickly, ingredients are fresh and tasty. The ambiance is great, the prices are very reasonable and service is excellent! What else can I say but check it out for yourself!Next time I go I want to try one of their Chef's Specials - I've seen some of the other tables get really interesting dishes!P.S. Their house wines are only $4.25 a glass! Score!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,12/17/2013,87,274,,3,2>I love this place. I am a grown person, kid-less, and I get excited about coming here. My first visit was with a group of friends, and we rode the wagon and I am sure we got in trouble for moving around too much while wagon was in motion. Hey, 15 20- & 30-somethings, what did they expect?! I don't remember our guide's name, but she was wonderful. There were other guides who didn't look as friendly. This is like an urban jungle. I can't believe how much these animals are not afraid of anything (cars, people, wagons). So this Father's Day I thought it would be fun to take my parents here. What I didn't realize is that when weather gets hot (real feel of 94 degree per website), horses don't work. Now I had to contemplate the risk of driving my own car (a Volvo sedan) through. Good news is, if you don't have feeds, animals don't get on the car much. And you also don't have the chance of spilled feeds all over the interior. As much as I felt bad driving by, and all these creatures giving me the dirty look when I shrugged and said, sorry I have no food, it was for the better. The dirt road is sedan ready, but I can see having a jeep can be fun. I personally don't like big birds and was happy that I had doors and windows separating them from me. And we also had the luxury of running the AC and keeping cool. Don't forget there's a big walk through area where you can feed goats and sheeps. There are kangaroos, camels, donkeys and other creatures. This is a fun place for kids and big kids alike.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,12/16/2013,28,98,2,2,2>I love hot dogs. There, I said it. I always feel like less of a foodie whenever I have one, but I don't care. Hot dogs, FTW. The hot dogs at JJ's are hot dogs unlike any I've ever had. The dog itself is whatever. It's a hot dog. But the toppings, and more importantly the combination of toppings is what takes these to the next level. Graham was traditional and boring with his dog. He had the Char-heel, which was a combination of slaw, chili, raw onions and mustard. I loathe all of those toppings, so I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole. But in his words it was "effing delicious". I had the dog of the week (the big cheesy), and oh baby... It was topped with bacon, jalepeno pimento cheese & pickled jalepeno. One word to describe it: epic. The pimento cheese was so good. It's not a combination I would have ever put together on my own, but it definitely worked! We both had our dogs with chili cheese fries (which were fantastic) and best of all, it was SO CHEAP! $15 for everything, including two sodas.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,12/15/2013,105,53,3,6,4>Let me just say, this place may put a few pounds on you with one meal, but it is deliciously worth it! I came here with 3 other friends and we decided to try a variety of food, family style! We started with the tuna appetizer, crab rangoon dip, and sweet and spicy cucumbers. All were extra yummy. We also got a taste explosion roll for the table...and whoa...it was incredible. I was full after the appetizers...Still, I tried the fried chicken and kimchi Korean sandwich...Delish!The jalapeno burger...a little dry, but still pretty good.Cowfish bento box...the sweet potato fries were great, but I was too full to eat anything more...My friends enjoyed it though ;)Service was slow, but it was a packed Sunday. I will return!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,12/14/2013,487,106,2,6,3>A friend of mine recommended sassy salon to me about a month ago. Van did not disappoint. While I still have love for modern salon and spa, I like going to different places and trying different stylists from time to time. And it's always fun when you find a stylist that you are comfortable with. This salon is clean and nice on the inside. Van and her staff are friendly and have lots of personality. Cracking jokes, good conversation. It's a nice environment. But most of all, everyone who has gotten a cut or color there has been pleased. That's key. It doesn't hurt that it's very reasonably priced either!Just make sure to make a reservation!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,12/13/2013,121,566,2,2,2>I felt bad for our server who was wearing dark blue polyester on a 90 degree day.  They all looked like they were melting in the sun.But the hostess was honest about the wait time, drinks were served fast and cold.  And the food was great when it finally arrived.  In summer it can get pretty packed so it helps to have patience.  If you're going to sit outside you better have sunscreen.  There's good people working here and it's a great time out at the Whitewater Center.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2013,12/12/2013,42,144,4,4,4>I really like kitfo. All of the Ethiopian restaurants in Charlotte have kitfo and gored gored on their menus, yet none of them will serve them to me. I ask if the kitfo is good, and they are like "no no, white lady, order this delicious lamb tibs instead". I'm never sure if it's because they don't believe I know I like kitfo, or if it's because they're warning me that it is not safe to eat raw meat in their particular restaurant on that particular day. Fortunately the lamb tibs was fairly tasty here at the Red Sea. The atmosphere's not much, the Asian-style serving platters are incongruous, and salad with italian dressing is definitely a waste of injera real estate, but on a scale of yuck to yum, it still came down on the yum side and sometimes that's all you need.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,12/11/2013,50,55,2,6,4>If 4.5 stars was an option, that's what this place would get. But I'm gonna err on the side of generosity for a myriad of reasons:a) cupping lab. It greets you as  you walk in, a row of coffee equipment of various types and models, set behind two long wooden tables that face a large window. Through that window is where the magic happens- the roasting floor. And in the cupping lab the staff plays with the beans in every way possible, perfecting them.b) coffee. Guys. I was super impressed. Like, surprised by how impressed I was. I don't know why, but maybe my lack of familiarity with Boquete had set me up to think that there wouldn't be anything to be wowed by. When we walked in, we were given a cup of brewed coffee made from one of their Espresso blends (there are apparently five of those). I raised my eyebrows on the first sip. Promptly finished it. Then we began to taste. Had the Sumatra brewed in a Chemex and followed that with the NoDa Blend. What. I had requested the Sumatra because it is typically a favorite, and may have just found my new favorite. The NoDa was brewed at the suggestion of Chris (a roaster on staff) and I was floored. Pulled us a couple of shots of the same Espresso blend they'd previously served us. Stayed sweet and buttery for a really long time- the taste didn't deteriorate at all. They then served us a Guatemalan iced coffee that had nuances of APPLE in it. APPLE?! Unreal... and perfect. c) coffee cherry tea. I don't drink tea. But they brewed us up a pot of tea made from the coffee cherries that encase the beans. I guess it would technically be considered an herbal tea if you wanted to name it. Loved it. Sweet and earthy all by itself. Drank every drop.d) Dave and Chris. These two guys were our "guides" for the morning- talking us through the coffees and their inspirations for the blends. Dave is the director of the coffee there and Chris roasts. They are both obviously in love with their craft and very proud of what they do. All for good reasons. They were spectacular hosts and lots of fun to be with. There are several other reasons why I love Boquete. I genuinely hope they continue to grow and gain more influence in the coffee world of Charlotte. Stop by and see what they have to offer!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,12/10/2013,30,130,2,2,3>First visit!  Comes highly recommended!  The flavors, service and other amenities will guide the review!  Could hardly wait to try Crisp!!!  OK....first visit was very good.  So good that I went back the next day for second visit.  Greens were very fresh!  Presentation of all the veggie toppings was awesome!  My salmon on my grilled salmon salad was much smaller and thinner than expected.  it was kinda difficult to taste.  second visit had a salad without protein.  Had the chicken pesto pizza!  very good....and the "beverage" was nice and cold. The house red wine was great!   Looking forward to regular visits! Also...service and parking was good!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,12/9/2013,96,265,2,2,2>Excellent product with the perfect execution.Not only is it wonderful to be able to sample excellent wines without having to buy bottles, but it's an amazing variety.  The environment is warm and inviting while offering a wonderful selection of bottles.  We recently visiting the Burgundy region of France and so many of the better selections are tough to find.  Not the case here... we were excited to find some of the better wines of the region and at fairly reasonable pricing.This is only a mile from home so this may be dangerous... but we have certainly found our preferred stop for the random evening tastings that we enjoy.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,12/8/2013,68,235,2,4,2>I went there to watch a game.  It's not necessarily the best place to watch a game but they have several TVs at the bar so it works for us.  There was a ton of kids there so I have to say it has to be a great place for kids. I mean who doesn't love pizza.The garlic knots are amazing. I wanted to sop up every last drop of the garlic oil that I could. The meatballs are also very good.  The pizza, of course, you can never go wrong with.  We had the Chicken Bacon ranch which was as good as it sounds. Parking can be difficult if it is busy. there are a few spots up front and a few more in the back. otherwise you have to find a spot of the street. Ive ordered take out before which is great. they have a couple spots out back reserved for take out and a special area for you to pick it up which makes it convenient. I have been to 3 of the 5 Hawthorne's locations and what is great about them is that they are consistent across all the restaurants in terms of taste and quality.  That's hard to get when you have several locations.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,12/7/2013,103,276,2,4,3>My proposal was a little less traditional, though my fiancé asked with jewelry that had been in the family for years, it was no longer in a wearable state. I knew I was going to get to create my own engagement ring, and I had heard Lee was pretty amazing, I guess I just had no idea how amazing,After some emailing, we went in and discussed what materials I did have and what could be done. I unfortunately didn't really know where to go with such a blank slate, but after sending Lee multiple pictures and emails with information on what I did love and what I already do wear jewelry wise, he finally could envision something to fit me. He took my day to day  into consideration as well- my career, my lifestyle (I work heavily with my hands), to create a setting and a ring that was going to last. We also decided to order a gemstone through him (since my initial jewelry only contained smaller diamonds) and use some of the other stones (and gold) to create a matching wedding band. I am looking forward to wearing them together!After he made a digital mock-up and we approved the design, Lee started on actually making my rings. This seems like a standard step, but he was great about answering my design questions and not just forcing his design on me (we did go with his initial design, but it was nice to hear his thoughts behind it and the pros and cons of other options).If you couldn't tell already, I'm extremely happy with our decision to go with Lee!  Pricing seemed very reasonable, though we had a lot of our own materials to work with. He was very upfront with the quotes and there weren't any surprises down the road. Even if you don't need a piece of custom jewelry, I recommend stopping in to look at the jewelry in the cases. Beautiful, reasonably priced, my fiancé couldn't help picking me up a necklace when he stopped in one day... and I'm okay with that weakness.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,12/6/2013,153,79,6,5,5>I'd give this place six stars if I could. Adding to the chorus of great reviews, this is the only true Third Wave coffee shop that I've found in Charlotte. (For the unenlightened, that's boutique, single origin coffee made to order.) Not Just Coffee has an outstanding rotation of single origin coffees they get from Counter Culture. The service is friendly, knowledgeable and prompt. They have a neat bar set up in the 7th Street Station. The Angeleno caffeine fiend in me wishes they were open (much) later, but that's their only drawback.Oh, and the prices? $2.49 for a pour-over. Why the hell are you still going to Starbucks or Caribou? Stop it! *Slaps hand*
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,12/5/2013,42,130,2,3,2>I was super excited when I saw this opening across the street from where I live.  Mmm craft beer!Bulldog is a cozy little place that has a few taps and a good selection of bottles & cans of awesome craft beer.  I wouldn't recommend bringing a giant group - you may fill the entire place up.  I haven't been there yet for when they have live music, but I'm happy that they're now open on Mondays!  I'm also slowly falling for bulldogs every time I go because they are so darn cute.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/4/2013,51,65,3,2,2>A no-nonsense experience.  The staff is friendly and efficient and gets me in and out quickly.     They also have a huge bowl of candy by the reception desk, which I definitely appreciate.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,12/3/2013,56,401,1,3,2>Great barbecue and great beer...what more can you ask for?Queen City Q certainly brings their A-game in regards to barbecuing their meats (yea...that sounded funny to me too).  I had the good fortune of coming here for the first time with about ten business associates, so I got to try many things.  The pulled pork is really the standout...it really doesn't get much better.  The sauces were decent...but I don't like to need a sauce...and luckily...I didn't.I liked everything from the decor and ambiance, to the food and libations.  There are however, room for improvements...and that's a great thing!  If I already love your food and the atmosphere...a couple of tweaks only makes you that much better!The service and the brisket...meh.  The service has been hit and miss on my several visits...but mostly decent.  Like other reviews have mentioned...you just get that..."I'd so rather be doing something else" vibe.  Guess what...acting is part of serving...and you'll get better tips.  The brisket was a bit done...and not exactly tender.  Grant it...I only tried it once...but I love brisket...and know the art-form it takes to take a tougher piece of meat to tender and succulent (yea...I heard how strange that one sounded too).  It may have been an off day...but I probably wouldn't order it after that experience.Lastly, the beer.  Just say yes!  Sweet Josie...I have a hard time choosing any others past you.  You certainly fit in this cowboy's holster.  Giddy-up!Try:  The Corn Maque Choux for a sideAvoid:  Domestic beer
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,12/2/2013,8,70,3,7,4>As a complete novice in the world of hunting and/or archery, I cannot intelligently comment on how full or varied Barefoot's shop offerings are (though I did see a lot of things that looked capable of shooting...stuff...), I was quite pleased by the service Husband and I received when we went to cash in our group coupon for an hour of archery for 2. A quick call the morning we wanted to go verified that they were open and available, and we were just told to "Come on down!" Upon arriving, we were led to their shooting range, a narrow, long room adjacent to the main body of the shop. Some concise, direct tutelage later, we were leased on our targets! The instructor was obviously very capable, and recited his credentials in a laid-back, offhanded sort of way - you know, just a several year champion placer in various national shooting competitions. Whatever. We appreciated the instruction, but also appreciated being left to our own devices after the introductory lesson. Some 50-odd minutes of target practice later, we left with sore thumbs and shoulders, and big smiles on our faces. While, for me, archery proved a novelty that I would only occasionally be interested in revisiting, Husband really took a shine to it and proclaimed that he would want to more regularly visit in the future.If you have the inkling and the means, and any sort of curiosity about the sport, Barefoot would be a great place to try your hand at the bow and arrow. Their normal rate of $25 for an hour of shooting for one is not a bad deal at all, and if you can seize on a group deal ($25 for two people), it's even better!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,12/1/2013,40,65,2,3,3>I have been going to the Mac's Steele Creek location for a few years now, it has become one of my go to beer spots, but for some reason I have never visited the South Blvd location... until now.Very similar to the Steele Creek location with a biker bar decor scheme, this location appears to be just a little bit smaller and more tightly packed. There is a nice patio for outdoor seating. We went with a group of friends on a night that was completely packed. Luckily, the service did not seem to suffer, despite how busy it was. The server was friendly and really knew her stuff with regards to both the food menu and the beer menu. She was attentive, and our glasses never sat empty for more than a minute or two before she was asking if we wanted another beer.The menu is the same as the other Mac's locations; pulled pork, beef brisket, beer can chicken, bbq/hot wings, and a wide variety of sides. Not the best BBQ in Charlotte, but good none the less. Great onion rings, and according to my wife, great mac-n-cheese.The beer menu is quite extensive, both on tap and in bottles. They have a good mixture of local & regional beers, as well as some really good beers from other parts of the country. They also seem to keep a good variety of styles on tap; too many places will be IPA and Stout heavy while completely ignoring other styles.All in all a good place for a beer and some BBQ, but I prefer the Steel Creek location based on the size (not as densely packed).
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,11/30/2013,3,69,3,2,2>If you like bagels, you will LOVE Owen's!  They sell cold brew coffee, too!Now if only I could remember to make an appointment for a mani/pedi at the nail salon across the hall...
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,11/29/2013,27,41,3,4,4>FRIED GREEN TOMATO HEAVEN.I seriously love this place. I've gone three times now, and every time it just gets better. I don't know how, but they continually outdo themselves. In terms of location & decor, I prefer SouthPark to Ballantyne, although both are nice and both are delicious.I've only been for brunch, but it's the best brunch food I've ever had. A couple of stand-out meals:Smores French Toast if you need an incredible sugar rush & incredible gourmet french toast.Lemon Poppyseed Waffle--not too sweet. It's just perfect. Fresh fruit on the side perfectly compliments.Biscuits and gravy--the best gravy I've ever had on a Southern biscuit. Period.Fried green tomatoes--you can see from the first sentence how I feel about them. I'm in love.Seriously. If you want a nice brunch, go to Terrace. Just remember that there's no alcohol before noon on Sundays :)
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,11/28/2013,103,218,3,5,3>When looking for a lunch or dinner option that's out of the box and packed with fresh flavors from South of the border, not to mention easy on the budget and the schedule, Viva has become my new go-to.The focus is on rotisserie-style chicken made in-house.  The outside is covered in seasoning and cooked to near fall-off-the-bone perfection.  And then you get your choice of sauces, all made on-premises, that are each show-stoppers in their own right.  One creamy with just the hint of a spice kick, one packed with diced cilantro, and another red with the chili pepper base and a smoky flavor with a just a bit of kick at the end.  All 3 very different, but somehow each work perfect with the chicken.Most meals also come with a choice of sides, which are anything but an afterthought here.  Rice seasoned with cilantro, beans modestly spiced with a cumin and other herbs, and even a small green salad with red onion and a balsamic vineagrette all show the kitchen's skill and focus on flavor.  Even the regular fries and the sweet-potato fries are elevated due to a coating that makes them particularly crunchy upon presentation.  The same can be said for the fried yucca.  A great alternative to the fries, these wedges have a slightly sweet and earth flavor that pairs well with creamy sauce.  I've also found the sweet plantains to be well done here, with just the right consistency, not too mushy and not too firm.  This is not to say the other menu offerings are second-class citizens, however.  The Lomolito sandwich is quite nice, for example.  Thin strips of seasoned stake and vegetables are served an a super fresh roll that finds the right balance between crunch and chew.  Vegans and vegetarians can rejoice with the other options here, including the uber-healthy avocado stuffed with quinoa.  I also like the restaurant's decidedly green focus, using compost friendly plates and utensils while also making an effort to separate the trash to increase recyclables.  Even the patio in the back is earth-friendly, with hanging gardens of herbs and flowering plants.  The only ding I can find here is the music.  It's a constant club dance mix that's just a tad too loud, especially at lunch time.  While it is lively, its a little off-putting for a mostly-business lunch crowd.  Still, it's worth the fist-pumping beats to chow down on some of the best fast-fare you can find within earshot of uptown.  The quality is all there and the flavor quality is superb.  Here's to hoping for a very long life for Viva, a great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,11/27/2013,143,211,,4,2>The only gripe I have against this place is the parking, It is horrible. I no longer try to park on the first level. My recommendation is to either head up to the upper levels or valet your car. The area itself is super cool, they have everything you need in one location grocery stores, department store, Italian restaurant, Sports bar, Spanish food, Steakhouse, yogurt bar, boutiques etc. I am not the biggest fan of Hickory Tavern, but the best Hickory Tavern in the city is the Metropolitan location. Vivace is also located here, they are one of my favorite Italian restaurants in town, making all homemade pastas. All of the restaurants have outdoor seating with beautiful picturesque views of the city. Maybe the best views of the city from any restuarant within the city.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/26/2013,116,275,3,6,3>What a nice treat! The bread, to start, was fresh and seasoned with Italian herbs, and served with olive oil & red pepper flakes, yummy! The shrimp and crab risotto was delicious, creamy & buttery, a true risotto. We also ordered the Pollo Alla Griglia, a seasoned grilled chicken, served with mashed potatoes & the vegetable of the day, which I substituted for the grilled asparagus, delish! The service was great and the wine selection perfect! An enjoyable evening in the patio, and somewhere we will return!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,11/25/2013,63,93,2,5,4>We rarely go out on my birthday because it's a major dining holiday - Valentine's Day.  But this time the whole family got together and I chose Azteca, thinking it wouldn't be "too" badly crowded.  Well, it was full, but SO festive and fun!  We sat at the bar while we waited for our table for 7, and the bartender was entertaining and quick with our margaritas, even making a little virgin margarita for the youngster with us.  We got our table fairly quickly, and we kept our waiter entertained and coming back and forth pretty quickly, too, considering the room was full of party groups.  As always, the food was filing and delicious!  This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, and it was really good to be back, and share it with 3 in our party who had never been.  They are now fans, as well.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,11/24/2013,6,53,2,2,2>The best!  This place is AWESOME!  Went in needed some special flowers and she did not disappoint.  If you need flowers, this is a must go to place.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,11/23/2013,27,121,2,6,4>So where else can you go to find something like this? Great venue, obstacle rope courses, zip lines, walking trails, biking trails, and of course- the man-made rapids! I'd simply recommend checking this place out, whether your nearby or not so nearby, this place is a great addition to the Charlotte area. Pay $5 for parking for vehicle, and you have access to roam around, which is entertaining in itself. Trail riding is free. Bring your helmet. Easy, moderate, and hard trails. Great landscapes!Services in the heart of the park will run you a few dollars for a day pass. On a day pass, you have access to everything the park offers, including the rafting. Not sure how much the other packages go for but you can do the day pass for about $55. The on-site restaurant has some good menu options, but the service is VERY slow. When you come here to eat, remember it's more about chilling there and soaking in the awe of the parks landscape, not about quick service unfortunately. If you're lucky, you can catch great events here also. Beerfests, whitewater olympic qualifying, etc. They have a "river jam" with live bands every Thursday and Saturday. My favorite event here was St. Patty's day where they dyed the rapids a hot green. Absolutely awesome.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/22/2013,10,77,3,6,4>So originally only gave this place a 4* rating but after it has been open now for about a month(and I have gone religiously), I have gotten to know the owners and also gotten to know beer even more as well.  This place is awesome, and will continue to be a weekly ritual for me for quite a long time!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,11/21/2013,54,199,3,5,4>Hard to believe I'm just now trying The Tin Kitchen but I am. Caught up with them at the Food Truck Friday in Southend. They had a lot of taco specials for the night but I went with one of their staples, the beef brisket taco. The brisket was tender and the sauce had a nice kick. Very flavorful dish. I had the pickled veggies on the side. Not bad but I wished there were more veggies, not just red peppers & onions. I'm looking forward to catching up with this truck again soon.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,11/20/2013,106,185,4,7,4>You might be a shopaholic if:- the people at the food court in your mall have given you the employee discount because they honestly believe you work thereOh, well... Such is my life at CP... lol  I have been to a lot of malls... I would say every mall has a vibe... Some are snooty, others are dated and of course, we have the "new" malls...  I would say that shopping at CP is basically like hanging out with an old high school friend... You may not do it all the time, but when you get around to it, it's such a good time you wonder why you stopped... lolI would suggest parking anywhere but the near the food court because that's always crowded... The Belk's entrance usually has decent spaces left or the upper level of Macy's would be a good bet... Speaking of which, the anchor stores are quality... In addition to those two, there's a Sears, JCP, Dillards, REI and a two story Barnes and Noble with a café and comfy chairs inside... There are quite a few new trendy stores for the young ladies (ie. Francesca's Collections, DEB) and the old standbys like Forever 21 and Wet Seal... The Hat Shack is great... They help me find all sorts of fitted caps for the boyfriend's gifts and are all knowledgeable about their wares... You can pick up your infomercial fix at At Seen on TV... The kiosk employees vary... Some people just play on their phones and watch you walk by... Others ask you an innocuous question like, "Do you know what time it is?" in an effort to draw you into the web once they have your attention... If you don't want to be bothered or you're in a hurry, walk on the outer edge of the walkway toward the store entrances... I will tell you to watch the sanitation grades in the food court... I'm just saying, I've seen some 90's and once an 87... That's just a little too close to ick for my comfort... lol You can't go wrong with the Chick-Fil-A there, though... Their scores are consistently high...
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,11/19/2013,205,512,3,7,5>Anytime you use beets in your strawberry cupcakes and I can't even taste them, I am down for the cause.  Jewell Treats has opened their 2nd location in uptown Charlotte in the Hearst building, right beside Showmars.  If you've ever tried her cupcakes at the Southpark location, you know she uses natural ingredients for coloring, etc., for some of the yummiest, healthy cupcakes around.  Give them a try if you're in the uptown area.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,11/18/2013,45,242,4,7,6>I don't live near uptown and have been mired in my "Ballantyne Universe" for a while, but HOLD ON WAIT A MINUTE.  We ventured uptown on a Saturday late morning to catch a show and went to the market for the sole reason to check out Pure Pizza. Parked in the parking deck and rode down the elevator to the market and when I walked in a smile came across my face and I literally had a "moment"....you know what I'm talking about, the moment when you realize that this is the place that you had always hoped would come to your town.  A virtual cornucopia of fresh local fruit, sushi, coffee, chocolate, popsicles, meat, pizza, confections etc....Sweetie handed me a tissue to wipe the tears of joy off my face and we proceeded in.If you have not been here yet, get off Yelp right now and go.  There is something for everyone here.  I love actually speaking to people about what they're selling, it's such a refreshing change from the Tween behind the register stoically asking "did you find everything ok?".  We had Pure Pizza (see my review), and a cupcake from Cloud 9.  We watched scores of people walk away from Local Loaf with artisan breads and sandwiches.  I spoke to the Salt of the Earth people.....who knew there was so much to salt?  I do now!  Local, fresh and surprisingly affordable produce was purchased by Sweetie.  The meat and seafood in the back was well presented and something I will have to return for.  There were raw juices, and a nice spot for coffee.  The weather outside was gloomy, but there were more vendors out there to peruse.  A few other local people selling and sampling BBQ Sauce were all fun to speak with.  The King of Pops was there and if I wasn't about to explode from eating my whole pizza I would have tried one.This is a place you can go broke in easily, because you want to try everything and support these local vendors.  For someone who is passionate about food and the new, local movement, this place is great.  I will be back and can't wait to try the things I missed on my first trip.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,11/17/2013,50,110,3,3,4>Morgan rocks!  She waited on us one night and I told her I would put it in the review. :) So does that Honey pecan chicken. Yum. Pike's is a family staple. We come here at least twice a month to shoot the breeze. They have a soda jerk behind the counter, great ice cream, grilled cheese, fries, all those ol time favorites to go with the soda shop decor and a great staff that seems to never change. I love coming back and seeing the same smiling faces and getting that great service I have come to expect over the years. Thanks so much Pikes!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,11/16/2013,30,135,,4,5>I love DBC. I guess you could call me a regular. This beer shop/ bar/ hangout is an easy, no fuss place to grab some great beer and hang out with friends and neighbors. John the owner was offered a better spot in the Davidson Plaza, so he has just relocated about 50 feet away from his original location. Some benefits to moving: More visibility, private bathrooms and a more organized set up. The 6-pack area is more toward the back now and the bar is right in the front. There is also a small room on one side for games or parties. Speaking of games DBC has a variety of fun bar games out and about for your enjoyment. The best part about DBC is the coolers with beer by the bar. I love the fact that I can pick out anything I want, and then change my mind to something else the next beer. I don't have to buy an entire 6-pack to try a beer! There are so many nice people we've met at DBC. It's a hangout for old and young, dog lovers and runners. We hope DBC is around for a very long time. Cheers!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/15/2013,78,188,5,6,5>When we went to the 7th Street Market to get lunch and do some shopping, I was initially disappointed to see that Local Loaf still had a coming soon sign on their location. Fortunately, the sign was outdated, because they were very much open.I ordered the fried chicken sandwich, and it came with a poached egg on top. It was pretty dang tasty... the biscuit was flavorful and flaky, the chicken was moist and well-seasoned, and the egg added that extra deliciousness that only a runny yolk can. I only wish that the biscuit on which it was served had been a bit larger, since it got messy toward the end. I'm glad to see Local Loaf in this space, and it will definitely become a regular weekend lunch spot.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,11/14/2013,51,246,3,4,3>so much in one place you don't need to go anywhere else! there is something for everyone and the train drops you off right in the center of it. walking distance to the Cricket arena, shopping, amazing food smells, bowling, movies. It is literally all right there! I may have to come back for a day trip!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,11/13/2013,179,499,3,7,4>Now this...is really good pizza!I'm glad I finally got the opportunity to stop by!Right away, I was pleased to see that my "pizza by the slice" options were not just limited to cheese and pepperoni. They have an amazing variety here everything from veggie, chicken parmesan and white pizza to a meat lovers, Sicilian and even a lasagna just to name a few.I went with a slice of the white pizza and my friend went with the lasagna...pretty much the white pizza but topped with meatballs. Can you say Yum?!Both were very, very good. No, really they were VERY good! Here's the rundown: the slices are large and very filling...one slice can definitely fill you up! They are not overly greasy and the crust is winning...seriously... It's Perfect! This place is definitely a gem in the area! I'm sure to be a regular!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,11/12/2013,132,235,5,7,5>So is it bad that I was tasting and sipping olive oils like I was at a wine tasting?  No.  Not at all.  Never been in this place but have always wanted to go.  I walked in and thought my senses had hit their max.  In the front I stood and sniffed their lotions and soaps made from olive oil??  What??  Man..that was awesome.  Moving towards the middle, I saw the first olive oil that I could taste.  Mmm..tasty.  Then the manager of the store asked if I'd been in before.  "no..and yes I'm over whelmed" She graciously moved me to the back where...there they were...lined up in all their glory.  She showed me where the EVOOs started...where the flavored darker oils where and then where the balsamic ones were.  I stood with my mouth open just in awe of all the silver canisters of olive oil goodness.  I don't know much about olive oil, but I just know how to use it and what I like.  Kinda like wine.  So I just started from one end....and wound up sipping different ones.  Smelling...tasting and thinking of recipes.  The cool thing is that each olive oil has a suggestion on what to use it on and a description of it's flavor.  I figured I'd just end up getting the basil infused oil.  Until she told me that I could mix and match the oil with the balsamic.  I thought "that's right...I could ...then I'd have a fabulous vinaigrette" She smiled then let me try the basil oil with the strawberry vinaigrette.  Magic happened right in my mouth.  Sold.  Bought the two and was a happy camper.Try it out.  If you LOVE cooking...and love trying new flavors, this place is for you.  Take your time and really let them help you.  They know what they're doing.  Awesome.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,11/11/2013,19,88,,8,2>Kudos to Nick's for bringing some much needed character/class to an area overflowing with chains and fast food.   The restaurant itself is in a historic old movie theater that has been converted into a very nice space with seating, a bar and an open kitchen. A huge projector screen remains and there are usually older classic films playing which creates a nice ambiance for dining. The food is great. The menu offers some really delicious choices. Above average appetizers, creative burgers, fresh salads with really good homemade dressing, steaks and prime rib etc. Everything i have tried has been impressive. So impressive that id still eat here if they didn't offer amazing specials like: Half price apps 5-7 everyday. (This is how ive sampled most of the appetizer menu)Half price burgers every Mon.$12.99 prime rib dinner on Sundays.Bogo apps all day Tuesday.Half prices entrees for your entire birthday month.Various $3 draft specials. Wednesday night is movie night featuring a film and free popcorn. These specials just mean i can go more often:) . I like to visit on Sundays and get the prime rib  and a half priced appetizer or two. I always leave very full and happy. I cant say enough good things about this place. There is nothing else like Nick's in town. Not even in Charlotte. Overall the concept, the food, the adorableness of the old theater makes this a total win on every level.  If your in the area, skip the chains and go to Nick's you will be happy you did.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,11/10/2013,200,234,3,5,4>Freaking. In. LOVE.I'm newly obsessed with vintage clothing and have pretty much vowed never to shop retail prices again (if I can help it).  I knew about Buffalo Exchange back in NYC and was stoked to see there was one in Charlotte.  And guess what?!  It's even better!The prices are killer and the selection is awesome.  I was also able to trade in some of my no longer used clothes for $60 in store credit which I turned around quickly into a pair of shoes for my husband and a pair of shoes for myself.  We still even got $5 back in cash!If you're looking to trade, be sure that your clothes are in great condition and are trendy (aka hipster) as the buyers here obviously steer towards the younger crowd.  It's also pretty apparent that if you bring clothes from any major chains (GAP, Banana, etc) they won't take them.  They're not cool enough.I'm so happy after leaving there that I came straight home to dig more through my closet to see what else I can trade!  I will be back on a regular basis, for sure :)
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,11/9/2013,192,99,4,3,3>Such a cool concept! I was happy to try a pop from King of Pops after a Wednesday run at NoDa Brewery. I went the safe route with the Banana Strawberry Orange (I'm not sure if the fruits are in the right order) because I had just ran 3 miles and thought this flavor would be refreshing. It was so yum. You could tell the popsicles were made fresh and from real fruit, not the sugary and preservative-laden stuff from the grocery store. For $3 a pop (see what I did there?) I felt they were reasonably priced. My only regret? Not going for the Banana Cinnamon pop. I heard that one was the bomb! If you can catch the KOP cart out on a warm day, I would highly suggest grabbing one. Perhaps you should be a little more adventurous than myself, though, and spring for one of their crazier flavors like Chocolate Sea Salt or Strawberry Balsamic!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,11/8/2013,74,627,2,4,2>We stopped at the bar for a drink after going to Boston Market & were pleasantly surprised to find it a beautiful Italian restaurant!We made reservations for dinner on another night through Open Table.  We stopped in at the bar before our table was ready & Christine was very helpful & charming to talk to.The restaurant itself is traditionally decorated with big, softly colored murals & appropriately dim lighting.  Every seat seems to be a good one.  Although there are some tables along the front window, you don't get to take in the beautiful restaurant (& people)This is definitely a dress-up restaurant!  Sedate & beautiful dresses on the ladies (no slacks!) & sports coats on the gents.A soft bread & large, tasty crackers came first.  We started dinner with a bottle of the Caposaldo Prosecco, which we enjoyed while waiting for our appetizers of the Onion Soup & Escargot.  They were both delicious.Sweetie got the Angel Hair Pasta with shrimp, basil & garlic Aglio Olio.  It was yummy.  I got the crab cakes & they were mostly lump crabmeat with barely anything holding it together which is the way I like them.  A good aioli came with it and a small side of fresh veggies.  They were the best crabcakes I've had in Charlotte so far.Our waiter was mostly efficient, & we didn't have to wait for anything & he kept checking on us.  I think his name was Noor.The menu itself has a good selection of traditional Italian items & we would go again!  Mangia, Charlotte!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,11/7/2013,228,451,2,2,2>Really cute space with a cozy and inviting décor.  I got a veggie croissant sandwich that had pesto, fresh sliced tomatoes, and I think provolone cheese inside, and loved it.  I also had a cup of their pumpkin bisque soup and it was absolutely delicious - it was on the creamy side with a bit of curry like seasoning too it that went perfectly with my sandwich.  Service was very friendly and prices very reasonable.  Great little café on Tryon! p.s.As a bunch of people have already pointed out, this is the "kid" bakery to the infamous Amelie's in NoDa but there's really no comparison, this location is very different and aside from the same name you'd hardly be able to tell that they're related.  Evaluating this to the one in NoDa you can feel slighted b/c it has less than half of what's offered there and not that large lovely selection of chocolate treats that you'd expect.  But if you look at this location independently, I personally think it's a pretty great space.  Just don't  judge it next to its mama!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,11/6/2013,876,4126,7,10,7>Date night with Mrs. K., we headed to NoDa of course!On a Saturday night, there was a solid wait for a table - 45 minutes. We spent it wandering the nearby neighborhood and were only accosted by one "upper class" beggar who wanted "a dollar toward a vegetarian burrito, man". Love NoDa!We started with the "Gator Bites" - a small plate of battered and fried alligator tail. Despite living in South Florida for a decade, I've somehow managed to miss out on this delicacy. Tender and rather buttery, you should give it a try.For our mains, I chose the day's special - a half-rack of St. Louis Ribs which came with an ear of corn and cole slaw and fries. I cleaned the plate. I love ribs and these were particularly fall-off-the-bone. My date chose the blackened steak, which she said was cooked perfectly and the side greens were excellent.I would have thought that after a meal like this we would have been stuffed solid, but our lovely waitress managed to convince us to share a bread pudding and cappuccino.Great meal, great service, great date. We will absolutely be back!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,11/5/2013,4,69,6,10,6>My new favorite place for Italian when I am uptown or in Dilworth area.  A wonderful addition to this area.  Space much improved for dark and dreary LaPaz caveman space.  From the moment we walked into the new bright, expansive restaurant, we were treated like we were the only patrons there, even though there was a large party of 10 - 12 rigth beside us, our service never waivered.   Our server, Adela, was great - even recommending we share a plate since the portions are quite large.  We opted for a chopped salad with a mild Italian dressing, variety of lettuce crisp with fresh garbonzo  beans and a wedge salad with their house dressing which is similar to ranch.  Both were brought out in chilled plates - huge plus in my book.  It is the little things that were done throughout the evening that made for such an enjoyable dinner.  We noted to Adela that we were not in any hurry and she paced the delivery of the entree accordingly.  We paired the Coco Lasagna (crazy lasagna) with a nice, slightly chilled Italian wine.  I love it when a restaurant serves the red wine at the appropriate temperature - not room temperature at 72 to 74 degrees but more 66 to 68.  It so improves the wine experience.  Getting back to the lasagna - kitchen split the dish before serving to us and HELLO no splitting charge which I have yet to figure out why any establishment would do this.  Same quantity of food, only takes 2 seconds to split and plate on two plates instead of one and they charge for this?  Hubby (aka Bulldawg) loved his lasagna but loves his garlic too and thought maybe dish could have had a little more garlic.  Enter Alexander, stage right.  He asked Bully about his food and he didn't hold back on his need for speed - I mean garlic - next thing we knew Bully's dish disappeared and reappeared a few minutes later with an improved bolognese sauce with Bully's drug of choice - garlic.  We could not get enough of this sauce. I actually thought the second dish they brought to the table was another full portion which was great , totally unexpected and added with my leftovers, we will have another full meal.  This place is a date night, girls nite out, hiding out from the in-laws and pretending you are in Italy kind of place.    Loved every minute we were there and oh yes, free valet parking.  This places does it right!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,11/4/2013,27,51,3,4,3>Extremely happy with my visit to Uncle Maddio's in the Overstreet Mall.  The line can be a little long during the lunch rush, but what place in Overstreet isn't?  I thought it moved quick enough that I wasn't pressed for time during a "normal" lunch break.Love the options you have for the pizza.  I did a wheat crust (also has regular and gluten free), then got to pick my own sauce and toppings.  Price isn't too bad for a personal pizza made fresh for lunch.Could use some more seating to the intense lunch rush, but other than that I didn't have anything negative to say about it. Also, if you like their facebook page you can get a coupon for a free pizza with three toppings.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/3/2013,170,55,2,4,3>I'm giving Brazz four stars for its ~$11 All-You-Can-Eat Lunch!! Sometimes you just need that in-between of a "sit down" lunch combined with convenience,  "better" quality food and great service at a price that won't force you to eat canned tuna the next day to make up for it ;)Brazz takes on a different spin to the traditional Brazilian style carvery - it's similar to Fogo and Chima - but rather than having a green light, red light style service, at lunch, the restaurant lets you come up to the carving stations to have your perfectly standardized slices of meat cut before you. Sort of reminds you of the "ham" station at a buffet. You get three choices of meat to choose from during lunch:1) A deliciously fatty, medium-rare cut of sirloin2) A lightly seasoned hunk of roasted turkey3) A nicely spice-crusted pork loinThe sirloin is by far the best, followed by the Cumin-tasting pork. You can leave out the turkey. It's not too bad, but isn't nearly as juicy as the other two. Maybe the turkeys are leaner?  And you can just keep coming back for more. How awesome.Along with these fine meats, is a robust salad bar. Not even close to the same quality as your more expensive Brazilian steakhouse counterparts, but you'll definitely be spoiled for choice. I always go for the cucumber and feta salad. Nice vinaigrette! On the far side are your hot sides. These are also great, because they tend to be the more starchier foods that you would eat at Thanksgiving dinner like sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, roasted veggies and such.If you combine all of the above-mentioned goodies, you find yourself with a pretty ballin' lunch for $11 + tip! I would pay that any day.There's also some slices of strawberry shortcake that you can have at the end - tastes ok, but it's kinda like the store-bought version. I'll definitely keep coming back here. The waiting staff is super friendly and they keep their eyes peeled for dirty plates to replace as you get up for your fourth helping!!Simple pleasures in life4/5
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,11/2/2013,142,86,3,4,4>I love this quirky cafe.  When the weather's warmer the tiered patio in the back is great for soaking up the sun while reading a book.  It's frequented by college kids from Davidson.  On the whole it's generally quiet & a great place to get work done.  The first few times I went there I had no idea there was an upstairs, which has couches & comfy chairs for relaxing.  They have music on the weekends & local beer as well, I just never get up there in the evenings.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,11/1/2013,75,87,3,4,4>Holy Hush-puppies, Glorious Greens, Mighty Mac and Cheese...oooo lawwwd!Positively pallet pleasing pulled pork!Whew - On to the review: First off I never knew Oakhurst Grill for what it used to be called. I moved here not too long ago and drive by this place everyday, twice a day on the way to and from work. I decided one day to come in after the gym for some pulled pork. I had a deep craving that needed to be filled.This is To-Go-Style, so you can wait for your for which is less than 10min or call and pick it up. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ plate with mac and cheese and collard greens. You get a lot for what you pay for (Just under $10) and I had to put half in the fridge I was so full. I really liked the pork, and the collards were good. Not too salty, not overcooked. I also enjoyed the mac and cheese and devoured that in no time, no left overs on that end. They also popped two hush puppies in my to go box and a roll. Let me just say - -  these are probably the best hush puppies I've had since I moved to NC, and so that it very exciting. I will be back, and can't wait to try something different!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,10/31/2013,49,51,7,6,7>I can't tell you how happy I am that Not Just Coffee open up in Atherton Mill. I usually had to book time off at my salon to enjoy a cup of beautifully made caramel latte at 7th Street Market location. Now they are right across the street from my salon. If I'm brave enough and not get kill crossing South Blvd. I can definitely walk to it. That is, if I want to take on the heavily congested South Blvd.  Tucked nicely by the garage door of the market. You will see familiar faces like Jordan, Adam, Kendall or the owner James behind the custom made bar. The woodwork on that thing is gorgeous. Those who don't know, they specialized in their pour over coffee and fabulous lattes. Alway so pretty to look at. I normally get their caramel lattes, a lot of it, iced lately due to the hot weather. So come on in, support a small local business. Let them show you how good they are at making delicious coffee, chai tea and lattes etc.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,10/30/2013,49,99,2,3,5>I'm a huge fan of Southern cookin' and Dish did not disappoint one bit.  Moving to Charleston next month so we'll see how it holds up against "The Holy City's" fine southern eateries, but for now... this is some of the best I've had.So last night's dinner at Dish easily qualifies as the best meal I've had in Charlotte under $10.  A perfectly fried country fried steak over a bed of made-from-scratch mashers, a deviled egg, and a ridiculously buttery biscuit... Yup.  Oh yea, and one extra side of choice.  For $7.99?  Done and done.  Can't wait to go back and try the pot roast and Cajun meatloaf!UPDATE: Dish can easily rival similar establishments in Charleston, or anywhere.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,10/29/2013,25,251,4,7,5>Officially joining Cat R. as a Roaming Fork Groupie.  There's something really special about Roaming Fork, and it's the details and Kelly the owner who is fabulous and passion oozes from her body when talking and making and dishing out her food. Yeah, yeah, parmesan truffle fries.  But these...are so wickedly crispy (oh I just showed my Boston roots) they put most other shames in the QC to shame.  Seriously.  Her deep fried deviled eggs and pimento cheese balls are crispy and different, and having a nice side of roasted honey broccoli and carrots is a nice departure from cole slaw.  You can also get sides like watermelon in the summer, or house-made kimchee cucumbers (albeit not traditional and buried and fermented in the ground...but hey, it's a tasty accompaniment.) I also like how her prices really are reasonable.  For $8 you can get something like two fish tacos, a side and a drink.  TIP: Check out the website roamingfork.net for a complete calendar.  This is ultra convenient with maps and every single place the truck will be parked.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,10/28/2013,23,85,2,4,3>Don't give out 5's to many, but this burger joint deserves the rating.  Burgers all cooked to your liking and toppings No extra charge(except avocado).  They also have turkey burgers and garden burgers. grilled chicken,  grilled cheese, and kosher hot dogs can be done to your specs , too! Had the fries which are fresh cut and not greasy! Yummy!Great for a date or the family. Have TVs with sports. Beer and wine available.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,10/27/2013,104,419,6,8,5>OMG!  That is all one can say about barCHOCOLATE.  That OMG applies not just to how the confections taste but to just how darn beautiful they are.  Each piece is like a lovely little jewel but these are jewels you can take a bite of and have your toes curling in your shoes as you taste them!Made with fresh, all natural and local ingredients, these chocolates are a perfect two bites of bliss.  And this comes from a guy who is definitely not the sweet tooth kind.  Highly recommend a trip to the market to check these guys out!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,10/26/2013,111,88,3,3,1>I went with a group of 8 to Basil a few Saturdays ago and had an amazing time! It was my first trip to Basil, and I had no clue the culinary wonderment that awaited me. Let me start out by saying, I felt a bit under-dressed & will snaz it up next time. I quickly downed a glass of savignon blanc and a few shots of sake so I felt more comfortable in my jean jacket, target dress & boots. Once the edge of feeling under-dressed was taken off, I had a fantabulous time. We ordered the spring rolls as appetizers, my fiance ordered the Pad Thai and I ordered some sort of tilapia (I think it was tilapia) dish that was a treat for the tastebuds. I'm not sure what the rest of the party ordered, but everyone left with a clean plate and smiles on their faces... so I'm assuming they weren't disappointed. I really enjoyed the ambiance of the place & felt like a complete baller because Angie Harmon and her husband, Jason Sehorn (I think that's how it's spelled) were sitting in a booth across from us!!! It's not every day that you see famous peeps in Charlotte, so that was quite a treat!Will I be back to Basil? Yes, soon & very soon, next time I'm hoping to see Oprah.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,10/25/2013,156,54,3,4,3>On the eve of Valentine's Day you should not pass this place up. I try to be stingy with my 5 stars so they're meaningful. Every time I'm been here since they've been open I am simply delighted. First there is a their selection for all the moods of my palette. Sometimes I want something sweet but not as heavy as chocolate, they have key lime pie. Maybe you'd rather have a macaron or three. Of course there any variety of chocolate confections: cupcakes, cake, mousses or signature chocolates all perfect to share after a dinner out on the town or after a stroll thru uptown. When I have company my favorite thing is to dip in & get two hot chocolates.The food is what brings me there but it's the atmosphere & the prices that keep me coming back. For being inside the Ritz Carlton I feel that I have spent less money here than at Amelie's. Once you have your desserts in hand, if you came looking for quiet conversation, I'll give you a hint later. There are certainly the little tables but if it's a blustry evening avoid them as people can't seem to work the revolving door that is to keep the wind from blowing onto you. You could take your desserts down to the hotel bar if you want liveliness or are pairing your treat with a cabernet or port. Hot Chocolates in hand take the stairs down to the bar, go thru the bar and hang a right. The loveseats along the wall by the elevator are the place to get to know someone.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,10/24/2013,51,85,3,3,4>It's not often that a martini alone drives me to write a review, but let me tell you, the Far East Manhattan I DEVOURED last night (beverages can totally be devoured), was phenomenal.  Take your traditional Manhattan (whiskey or bourbon, bitters, sweet vermouth and don't forget that cherry) and put it on a flight to Hong Kong and this is what you'll get: A delicious concoction of rye bourbon, ginger liqueur, sparking sake and bitters. Sweet, smooth, spicy.  I am a sucker for anything ginger, so I had high hopes for this cocktail and it did not disappoint. I am not going to try to guess the alcohol content of this beverage, but let's just say that I was in no position to order a second. Next time I will bet trying the Shiso martini: orange vodka, ginger liqueur (yeah!), barley liqueur and fresh shiso. I'm counting down the minutes...The food was good too! You can't go wrong with their seaweed salad and simple but fresh sushi menu.  I respect the lack of bells and whistles. Definitely ask for one of the intimate booths in the back if you're feeling romantic like that.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,10/23/2013,117,119,3,5,5>I grew up in this neighborhood and up until recently "the rock," as we kids called it, was a hidden gem. I'm glad the city is taking care of it because for a few years it was covered in graffiti.There are many great spots for photos which my parents took us to year after year. It's adorable to see how we've changed. Safety is a huge issue here, I remember hearing some horror stories. There's slippery slopes and a long fall from the very top. Be sure to wear some shoes with a good grip to duly enjoy the view! I've seen deer wandering around sunset and there's a small river nearby which you can follow to the lake. Careful where you park as the hill has limited sight distance. Have fun!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,10/22/2013,71,209,,6,3>201 Central is what you get when you take all the guilty pleasure parts of Harris Teeter and form them into their own store. There is a strong focus on wine and beer, much of which is craft. They have a healthy schedule of tasting events to compliment, but fear not, there are foods as well. All the best kinds of foods really: cheese, an olive bar, the international section all fleshed out like I always wished it was, hot sauces galore, mexican coke, and even grind your own peanut butter (Try the honey roasted!). All the best foods. They also stock some brewing and party accessories like bottle coolers and glassware so the non-food aspects of your decadence are covered too. Obviously, 201 Central is not going to replace your local grocery run; I assume you will still want some silly things like meats and produce. But for the grocery frills it is a one stop shop par excellence.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,10/21/2013,65,242,3,3,3>The drinks are interesting, but maybe a tad too expensive.  Beet slider is great and the pierogies change flavors but have always been good. My only complaint is the lack of variety for vegetarian entrees. While the other non-veg entrees change often, the only veg entree since this restaurant opened has been kimchee tofu. I'm not a fan of kimchee, and that is the only thing that keeps me from coming back more often. The first two times I had the s'mores  dessert, it was fabulous. So memorable I had to go back for it. It was served in a small mason jar and you got all of the elements in each bite. The last two times I've had it have been disappointing. They now serve it in a large creme brûlée dish, it's never hot, and the components feel scattered rather than composed. Bring back the mason jars!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,10/20/2013,11,45,3,7,3>We came in 15 minutes before the restaurant closed and they treated us like royalty. My wife ordered a small salad to start and it was huge. My pizza came and they nailed it. The crust was crisp. The sauce was just right. They were generous with the cheese. Good music. We sat outside. I left stuffed and happy.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,10/19/2013,72,68,4,14,8>e2 is my favorite place in Charlotte.  As a transplant from Southern California, I was in need of a place that has amazing food, awesome drinks, and my favorite: a wine list that keeps me coming back for more. And e2 fills in a check mark for each of those for me.Chef Brian' s food never disappoints. Chef Stephanie's desserts and bread makes me a carb lover.  And Miki's and Kevin's cocktails are the best in the city. The service is always so great. Everyone from the valet to the management makes you feel welcome. I tend to order something on the dinner specials menu whenever I visit because it's always so interesting and always so good. But some of the solid dinner menu items I would recommend are: the Wood Oven Roasted Oysters, Cider Braised Bacon, Shrimp and Grits, Rainbow Trout, New Bedford Scallops, Filet Mignon, and the Mac & Cheese. For dessert (trust me, you will want to save room for dessert), you can't go wrong with the Espresso Pudding, the Banana Cream Pie, and the Abita Root Beer Float.  And for cocktails, try the Grasshopper, the Aviation, or the Hemingway Daiquiri... Miki and Kevin will make you a gin lover!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,10/18/2013,208,546,2,4,3>I have a friend who is a die-hard college sports fan so I went into Uncommon Scents to buy her a birthday gift. They had a HUGE selection of unique sports gifts, everything from car coasters, to pasta salad, to jewelery. As expected prices were a tad high ( e.g almost $7 for collegiate-themed pasta salad) though this tends to be the norm for this type of stuff. They had unique offerings and even kindly offered to wrap my purchase in the sport team colors free of charge. They also had pro-sports gifts, candles (perhaps reason for the name), little nick-knacks, wine glasses, etc. A great store when looking for gifts!  The ladies working there were helpful and chatty- overall a nice shopping experience.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,10/17/2013,54,320,5,7,7>Looking for a place to kill a couple of hours before a Yelp event at SMG at Epicentre, we decided to pop a squat at the bar at BlackFinn for some apps and dranks.My GPS managed to navigate me directly to the EpiCentre parking deck (hooray!) where I got a prime parking spot.  Parking in the deck  - $3 per 30 min with a $20 max - so if you are there for dinner and a movie, prepare to pay $20 for parking.  Find the elevators - there are no signs that I could find on the side that I parked on to tell me that - but find the elevators, they will take you directly up to where you need to be.  After wandering around like a tourist for a bit, I walked upstairs to BlackFinn.  It was around 4:30, so I was sent to the bar downstairs, as the upstairs wasn't open yet?  Whatever... we found a spot easily at the big bar downstairs and were served by a friendly bartender who kept us drowning in drinks for 2 hours (great job!).For apps, we sampled the pretzels served with cheese sauce and the queso (more cheese) dip with tortilla chips.  The soft and warm pretzels, instead of being coated in coarse salt, were lightly sprinkled with what I think was parm cheese - good job - very good, much better than me flicking salt off all over the bar area.  The cheese dip was creamy and had a mustardy undertone to it.  The chipotle queso and chips were also very good.  They both made for great snacks to get us ready for dinner at the movies.  Friendly, efficient staff, typical uptown restaurant/bar prices, good food, workout from up and down the stairs - yay BlackFinn!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,10/16/2013,20,51,,5,3>South End needs a good bottle company. Wait a minute... this place! They have a great selection, just tons of beer. There's also a cooler with various growlers of local beers. Speaking of which, they have something like 10 taps and most of them are NC beers. It's a neat place to hang out or shop.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,10/15/2013,32,84,3,9,4>I found out about Naturally Clean from a friend who had recently used them and had great things to say. I had been looking for various cleaning services, but hadn't found one that was quite right for me.  I contacted N.C. this weekend via email, and they set up an initial clean the following week. They arrived right when they said they would and were very friendly. I was so happy to come home from a difficult day at work to a sparkling clean house that smelled great! My husband, who had initially not wanted a cleaner, even agreed that the house looked amazing and that it would probably be a good idea to start using this service regularly. It's worth noting that I was concerned N.C. would be more expensive than other cleaning services since they use natural soaps, but I actually found their prices to be on par, if not better, than some of the other quotes I had been getting. In other words, the multiple 5 star yelp reviews aren't a mistake: Naturally Clean is very good.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,10/14/2013,66,114,1,4,3>I have been to Urbana on Carmel now a handful of times. I have had a different masseuse every time in search of the perfect one. They are all good, and I reallllly enjoy the hot stone massages. If you get on the email list, you frequently get emails that say they are doing a 3 day sale which is like half off. I get 1 hr hot stones full body massages for 65 bucks which is almost half off. Ill take it!Plus, they have a tea and champagne lounge. I think with each massage you get one or the other complimentary but dont quote me on that. Its probably my favorite spot for massages and they arent easy to find good ones. Give it a shot.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,10/13/2013,64,504,5,5,2>We passed by Hubee D's one day, said "What's that?!", and then visited the next day to give it a shot when we were looking for a quick, cheap early dinner.  The menu is fairly simple -- all chicken-related -- but there's a little something for everyone: wings, tenders, boneless wings, sandwiches, salads, sides, and desserts.   You order at the counter, get a number, and then the food is brought out to your table, so at least you know it's cooked to order.  I tried the crispy tenders meal which included fries.  For a dollar more, you can get the platter which also includes coleslaw and cornbread.  I opted for the 4-piece tenders for $1 more than the 3-piece.  Unfortunately, what I got was about 3 1/3 tenders.  Like the chicken wings, I figured you could also get hot sauce on your tenders, so I requested that the tenders be tossed in their "seriously hot."  Seriously, it's not that hot.  And I was charged an extra 50 cents. And they have five kinds of sauce (including buffalo hot sauce, which tasted the same) on the tables.  I basically paid 50 cents for the labor of someone putting sauce on my chicken that I could have done myself at the table.  And then another 20 cents for blue cheese.  All of which should automatically be included with ANY kind of chicken.  The tenders (all 3 1/3 of them) were very tasty and the buffalo sauce (that I could have just put on myself) was flavorful, too, although not very spicy.  The big handful of shoestring fries (with skins on) were very good, too.  I'm not a fan of chicken wings, but looking at the menu, they seemed a bit pricey (about a dollar a piece).  And their fried banana pudding sounded interesting...but not for $5 a pop.  Seriously?  Would I go back?  I might.  The food was good and fresh.  I'd know just to put the free sauce on myself, though, and next time I'd probably say something if I just got 3 1/3 tenders for the 4 that I paid for.  That should be part of their quality control, though, not mine.  I'm probably being generous with four stars, but three stars seemed too low.  It's probably more like 3 1/3.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,10/12/2013,68,615,3,6,3>Call this a very low, marginal four-star.  Which we could have half rating from Yelp!Having traveled extensively in South America, one month in Colombia was an excellent experience and a better way to know the food, people and cultures of the country.  The Colombians have good reason to be proud of their country and keep asking, "Where are the American tourists?"  I remind them of the drug wars, which they are burying deep in their mental pasts and the conversations moves on.My wife and I never found Colombian food to be anything special, but we were impressed with Los Paisas.  Los Paisas is how they refer to thenselves and their trademark, very traditional worker's meal is a paisa.  This is the full-court press of sausage, fried pork skin, rice, beans, fried plantain and more.  It is a feast and will last you for a day.  Try it at Los Paisas.We were the only gringos in the place, so you know that the food is what the latinos like.  And with the servers all fluent in Spanish, Los Paisas is a comfortable place for those who do not speak English well.Best news is that they have daily specials prices at just under $7.  Includes soup, beverage and a choice of three entrees.  An excellent way to shop through Colombian cuisine.We had the grilled pork covered with white cream sauce,  Nice little salad with it and the lighter green plantain, which is not really green as is raw, but lighter fried.  The standard plantain is heavily fried, thicker and comes out a orange-yellow.Wife had a salad with avacado and it was a very generous portion of both greens and avacado.House dressing is a red wine vinaigrette made in-house.  I found it way too sweet for my taste, but my wife liked it.  Iced tea is very weak, more like tinted water.  Service was excellent.  They have skillfully used their limited space to put in a full bar and have room to dance.  Seating is available outside and is not crowded inside.We will come back for another lunch special as we think Los Paisas has potential to be a full 4-star or a five.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,10/11/2013,13,23,9,15,10>Here are things I enjoy in life: Seafood. Doing everything with more effort, expense, and panache than most people would. Cooking and entertaining. As such, when the weather warmed up and it came time to bust open the barrel smoker on my deck and put together the first little cookout of summer, I had no other place in mind to find my delectable grillables than at clean catch. With a shop that is always meticulously polished and lit with a comforting cleanliness and sterility, the moment you walk in the door of Clean Catch you realize you're a few steps above your average fishmonger. As I stood, silently salivating, in front of the long crystal-clear glass of the central counter, I swooned. You can always count on Clean Catch to have certain fish staples, but the real charm of the shop is the exciting revolving nature of the more extraordinary sea-creatures that they get in fresh daily. On this particular occasion, I was faced with deciding between huge filets of dripping sunset-orange salmon, a giant blood-red block of sashimi grade Tuna that looked like the severed tongue of a golden oxen idol, a bowl full of huge rock shrimp, or a selection of the some of the largest scallops I've ever seen - seriously, these things were 3" diameter. Ultimately, I went for one of the fatter Salmon filets. The friendly fishmonger deftly and precisely sliced it into four even quarters for me, then abided my wishes for a pound each of the shrimp and scallops. As he was parting, portioning and weighing my selection, my eye was drawn toward a little silver platter of purplish herbed patties at the far corner of the counter. "What's going on here?" I asked. "Oh, those are some Tuna burgers we put together," the handsome, slender sandy-blonde fellow cutting up my salmon replied. I squinted, deliberated, and my cocked my head in such a way as to indicate I wanted to know more. "We just ground those up this morning. They're full of something something and taragon." I was genuinely listening, it's just that the 'something something' was so exotic I didn't know what he was talking about. Didn't need to. I was sold. With two of those burgers added to my order, I was ready to roll. We skewered and grilled the shrimp and scallops, basted liberally with olive oil and lightly seasoned with sea salt and fresh cracked pepper. The shrimp were easily amongst the best I've had and I can't conceive of a scallop I've ever come across that was as rich, flaky, juicy, fully flavorful and meaty as the ones I got from Clean Catch on this day. Half-full and wild from that simple first course, we then set upon the grill with cedar planks holding our salmon - encrusted lightly with ground pistachios, oil, and a little honey. Whilst those slowly smoked on the top rack, we tossed on those Tuna burgers. Served up on a rye roll with just a little arugula, red onion, and a healthy smattering of Old Bay seasoned Mayo, those Tuna burgers crushed my tastebuds. From tongue to throat all the way down to belly then back up to my face and then out and all over all the way to my fingers and my toes I just tingled at the fishy flavor of that hot-seared, slightly raw tuna falling apart in my mouth. Then, after a few drinks and the sun set behind the horizon, we turned on the party lights up in the pergola, tuned down the outdoor speakers, and fetched the cedar planks from the grill. I didn't think my mouth had any moisture left to water, but that salmon drew from me every last drop. Fat pink flakes sliding off with each delicate wick of my fork, hot pistachio and honey dribbling down each bite, matching the smoked richness of the delicious fish. It all just worked. I can't not go to Clean Catch for all my fishy needs now. I've been ruined for the Harris Teeter fish counter forever.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,10/10/2013,19,63,3,5,4>Came for the Sunday Brunch and holy cow, it was amazing. I really don't understand how I haven't been here yet. It was a person who eats a ton dream. We got there right before 11:30am, which seemed to be the perfect time to get there.....got there right before the crowds starting getting there. We had a party of 5 and we were seated immediately. Our waitress Sarah, was awesome....loved her. I was amazed by the amount of food options available at the buffet. They also had an omelette and waffle station (boy, was those waffles to die for). They are definitely about presentation when it comes to their food. They did an amazing job with that. The brunch is $15 and definitely a good bang for your buck. They also had $3 Bloody Mary's that were also phenomenal. Read reviews about how poor their beer selection is.....I didn't have beer during my visit, so I can't speak on that portion of it. I'm loving this place and I will for sure be back soon. Keep doing what you do..........
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,10/9/2013,100,112,3,2,2>Holy good crepe!  This place is pretty freakin good.It's tucked in a little corner off of S. Blvd and is not that noticeable from the street.  I wouldn't have randomly stopped by here and only knew of this place because some coworkers told me about it.  Crispy Crepe has a good amount of tables, and also have some couches, but I would recommend sitting at the tables so it would be easier to eat.  I thought it was great that the tables all had a touch of a real flower in a small vase.  Made it feel nice inside.Their menu has different variety, but not too much to overwhelm you with what you should choose.  I decided to get the Mediterranean Chicken, and man o man did I make the right choice!  The food was good, and not at a bad price either.  I'm sure I could have watched them make my food as they have a big glass where you can view them making the crepes, but I wanted to score a seat at a table before it started getting too busy.The only reason this place lost a star is because with their parking, I had to park at a meter and parallel parking is not my forte.  I plan on going back one day and getting a dessert crepe to fulfill my sweet tooth needs.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,10/8/2013,64,117,2,5,4>This place rocks!Went here with the boyfriend, we had no idea what it was like and were very pleasantly surprised! Order food in the sandwich shop, they'll deliver it to you if you go to the bar (they are in separate parts of the building). They have beers on tap or any and every beer out there (ice cold) to choose from in their beer coolers. You can open a beer and drink while you shop! :-)They also have a nice wine selection, and the staff has rated some themselves (which I love!). They have old fashioned candy and food items, old timey sodas, etc. This place is my new favorite place and I will go back again and again!They have an outdoor eating area, and pooches are welcome!You MUST try their pimento cheese-they have won some serious awards with their recipe, which consists of at least 5 cheeses, made fresh daily! Their grilled pimento cheese sandwich with tomato is FANTASTIC!This place gets an A+++++ :-)
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,10/7/2013,92,226,,13,4>Eh? How is it that no one has reviewed this place? (Tilts head).  There's so much to love about this place, especially as it relates to competition.  I was a loyal "Y" member for years but after a while I tired of the annoyances- hard to find parking, busy cardio areas, grimy showers, nasty pool and naked people walking all around (yes I'm a prude) while getting ready. Plus it wasn't that cheap after all so I finally gave up my membership and started going to CAC. Even though I don't work uptown, it's an easy light rail walk through Epicentre or they validate parking all day long and the deck is very easy to park / navigate unlike the M.C. Escher parking deck of the Hyatt! There are so many things to love about Charlotte Athletic Club- they cap their membership so it's never too busy to get on a machine. They have state of the art machines that are different than I've ever seen, one of which is self-powered curving treadmill that burns way more calories (and you feel it!!) than normal ones.  They have great trainers, some good group exercise classes (my friend does the TRX and swears by it).  I haven't tried the yoga, squash or basketball courts yet.  There are people serious about their fitness (and I think some professional athletes) but it's much more executive feeling than meathead.Personally what converted me is the stuff behind the scenes- the locker room is more like a country club or resort (they have a nice spa room for massages btw), and optional locker service includes laundry service!! This means you will never fight your way into a parking space, get partially changed and remember you forgot your sports bra. They even have lots of TVs in the locker room so you can catch up on whatever while changing. The coves are small so it's infrequent you'll be changing at the same time as someone else.The sauna and steam room are impeccable and they even have extended shower stalls so you have room to have room to shave without flashing your goods to the world, or you have room to hang your robe w/o it getting soaked! The only slight complaint about this place is that the water pressure could be a little stronger. They also provide razors, shaving cream, conditioner, mouthwash and the like...  My favorite feature? The water. Seriously - they have apple or citrus infused water every day and it just adds to the experience and makes me feel welcome. :) All in all, for  just a bit more than the Y, I think it's totally worth it.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,10/6/2013,216,466,5,6,8>WOW!  What a great spot!  OK yup it is the old Kalu site but not much remains except the furniture.  Fantastic new menu....we popped in this past Saturday and Sunday nights.They do valet on certain nights - check with them to make sure of which ones.  Other nights there is lot or street parking.SO FUN - the hookah lounge upstairs!!!  They have great flavors - just ask!  I had the blue raspberry hookah combo - fantastic.  Super quick and nice service.  Everyone is so sweet.Tonight i had the beef skewers app for dinner - so much food i had to take it home.  Four huge beef skewers- pita and sauce.  So fresh and delish!Wednesday half priced martinis ladies!  I will for sure be back!  :-D
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,10/5/2013,17,57,5,9,4>Went for lunch today, to try the potato egg pizza - after seeing it reviewed in a magazine about Best of Charlotte.I would have given this 4 stars, because the service was a little off. However, that being said, there was this AWFUL woman (customer) sitting next to us who started screaming like a spoiled child over the slowness of the service. I'm talking, full-on temper tantrum. And the staff all responded with such graciousness, that I didn't even care anymore that it took awhile to get service when we first got there. Now ...... on to the food!!!We got the pesto garlic bread. It arrived in a little cast iron skillet, and looked actually like cinnamon rolls. Very well presented. The pesto was delicious, and we loved it.I had the potato egg pizza, which I can't even begin to describe how GOOD this was. Not a combination I ever would have thought of, but wow. My husband had the sausage fennel pizza, and his also was amazing (I had a slice of his). Both pizza's had very distinctive flavoring, and were very memorable.Can't wait to return and try some of the other pizza's.And to the woman sitting next to us - get a grip. I'm sorry you had to wait a whole extra 10 minutes for your meal due to restaurant error. But there's no need to belittle the servers. And no need to ruin my meal by having to watch your bad behavior. Next time, please quietly go get speak to the manager. Thank you.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,10/4/2013,31,88,,5,3>John's Country Kitchen is THE place to go for a good old breakfast!  John's is like the awesome little breakfast joints I grew up going to.  It's not expensive, it's not fancy, it's just good!  If you are looking eggs and bacon or yummy pancakes -- go to John's! The service is always great and extremely attentive.  Also, they are one of the only places in CLT still offering classic Southern breakfast options like liver mush. This place is for a great breakfast, it's not a brunch hot spot.  So if you are looking for red velvet french toast and french press coffee,go to Bistro La Bon or Terrace Cafe.  But if you want to go somewhere warm and friendly with consistently good breakfast, try out John's Country Kitchen.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,10/3/2013,11,87,3,6,5>We went here last night after seeing the reviews and not having success in finding a good local bbq restaurant - we have tried quite a few!We arrived and it was packed.  We were told 30 minutes, but it ended up being 5 minutes to wait, we will take that! It doesn't look like there are many tables, I can see this place being very busy in the summer.  Because it is small, it gets loud easily.When you walk in you immediately notice the smell - and start drooling! Good thing it was only a 5 minute wait.Kevin and I had the platter, picked 4 meats: shredded chicken, pork, turkey, and ribs.  Sides were mac and cheese and stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon.Turkey: just okay.  Would not go for this again though.Shredded chicken: Good flavor, but did not stick out in my memory like the remaining meats.Ribs: the meat fell off so easily and had an awesome smokey flavor! A++ ribs!Pork: the smokey flavor and whatever seasoning they have on the pork is outstanding!!  I'm drooling just thinking about it again.  A+++++, the best pork ever!They give you sauces to go with the pork.  They are just okay - they have mustard based, tomato based, and vinegar based sauces, the first two being my favorite.  I didn't really use them, not because they were okay, but because the pork was just so good, I didn't want to mess with the flavor!Sides, both excellent.  Mac and cheese was a good homestyle kind and cheesy!  The jalapenos were something I've never had, so bad for you, but yet so good!Service was outstanding.  We were greeted and welcomed by our server quickly.  He never let our drinks get low and was very helpful - said if we didn't like something he would find us something to like! Wanted us to have a great experience, and we did.Love this place and will be back soon for more pork!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,10/2/2013,151,1019,4,10,8>Every Friday in Charlotte's Southend neighborhood, a bunch of food truck gather to offer different types of fast food to their regular customers or the occassional customer looking for something quick but different.The food trucks may change from week to week and the crowds depend on the weather.  But usually there are at least 6 food trucks available to take your orders.  But beware, on warmer nights, you may want to arrive earlier because the more popular the food truck, the quicker they run out of food.I've been here twice so far and have loved it.  The truck owners and staff are very friendly and accommodating and they definitely appreciate your business.Food Trucks are no longer the roach coaches that many people once perceived them as.  Options here are often better than some sit-down restaurants!Check it out sometime!!!!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,10/1/2013,125,102,2,5,3>The first time I noticed Hef's was YEARS ago. There was a sign outside advertising their happy hour oyster, wings and shrimp. I meant to go back to try the crazy cheap specials, but slowly forgot all about Hef's through the years.Recently, I had an oyster craving and Hef's came to mind. I was able to stop by and luckily, they STILL have the same specials! The prices went up a little bit, but are still reasonable. Oysters (cooked/raw), wings (mild/hot/barbalo) and shrimp (grilled/raw) are all $.60 each. For $.60, the oysters are pretty fresh and decent in size. Although the size does vary by season, the overall quality is pretty good. If you're not much of an oyster fan, the Barbalo wings are to die for! What is Barbalo, you ask? It is a mix of buffalo and BBQ wings of course (which sounded amazing, which it amazingly was!) The wings are drenched in this dark redish/brown sauce (Barbalo sauce I presume) and still retains its crunchy texture. All wings are made fresh to order! I'm not much of a shrimp fan, but maybe you can try and let me know if I'm missing out.The perfect complement to my meal was a quaint space with a lit fountain for outside seating. Charlotte is slowly warming up and it was a beautiful day to enjoy the fresh air (even the pollen was low that day!)
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/30/2013,13,78,2,2,2>I've been here a few times.  I think the food is very good, although certain dishes can be a bit pricey.  When you go, you have to get the buffalo calamari.  Its my favorite thing on their menu.  During my latest visit, I had the filet and crab cake, which was delicious.  The food came out very quickly and the service was friendly.  I would highly recommend Red Rocks if you are looking for a nice restaurant to eat at in the Birkdale Village area.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/29/2013,17,50,3,4,3>I'd heard about Leroy Fox and had been wanting to check it out.  Believe me when I tell you LEROY FOX DID NOT DISAPPOINT!  We of course had the fried chicken (1/4 North).  It was amazing!  The flavor was great. Even in the usually bland breast meat, the brine they use gave it great taste.  The skin was crispy and was seasoned beautifully.  For a side, I tried the zucchini fries.  They were recommended and well worth it.  The rest of the menu looked good.  But I can't wait to go back for more fried chicken!Outstanding!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,9/28/2013,21,57,2,4,4>Peculiar Rabbit...Not Peculiar at all...More like Incredible Rabbit!  My first experience with this establishment and wow I was blown over. Walked in and it is a very interesting looking building, there is a roof top seating area also but it was 36 degrees here last night and not the time to sit outside. Our waiter approached us right away and informed us that wine by the bottle under 60.00 was half price and to our surprise they had Klinker Brick Petite Syrah! 13 bucks, half price that is a great deal! We looked over the menu and decided that we would have all appetizers. They all sounded so good we had a hard time deciding.  Our first order was for Devils on Horseback, normally it s Bacon wrapped dates but this was  Figs wrapped with Bacon and stuffed with Goat Cheese..(Is your mouth watering yet) served with a side of Arugula salad with tiny beets chopped up on it ...Wonderful! Our Next appetizer was the Duck Duck Mousse. A gorgeous plate with a Duck Mousse served in a little cup with sliced apple and two kinds of pickles, a Duck Confit salad with a pear Marmalade and sexy little pieces of Brioche buttered and sliced for you to spread the lusciousness on...It was really really good! (I think my favorite of all) Our third app was the Asparagus and Egg, It was really good smoked Asparagus with a poached egg over Pepperonota sweet peppers. And our last tidbit was the Lamb Lollipops, two very meaty ground lamb lollipops over a bed of hummus. The Lamb was incredible, grilled and  succulent. It was served with plain flatbread. The hummus was not so great but the lamb made up for it. Like I said..Peculiar , no, Incredible yes..I will be going back soon!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,9/27/2013,113,243,3,5,3>It was okay. I was so excited to try Korean food upon moving to Charlotte. This was my husband and I first Korean restaurant that we had ventured out to try. It met our needs, but it was not as good as we would want it to be. Venue: interesting, but strange..  We walked into a grocery store, thinking, where is the restaurant? Only, it was to the right of the establishment and was small.  Luckily, we found a table early (morning), and it was not busy yet.Food:The place serves the meat already cooked and sizzles in front of you (save you from cooking your own and coming out smelling like a walking Korean BBQ). But he Bulgogi was not as juicy as we had hoped.  The japchae was actually delicious, and we gobbled that one up quickly. The best that had was their Korean tea. I have to give them credit, they got us addicted to their tea that we walked to the store and asked the cashier for the same type of tea the restaurant served us, and bought a box (corn tea - in a yellow box)Service: Although there was a bell you could ring, our waitress kept going to the other table instead of us. We were missed twice in a tiny restaurant!  So it did irked us.Conclusion:Good, but will only come back for japchae and their tea. My husband and I will definitely come back to grocery store :D
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,9/26/2013,212,802,5,10,5>I have known for quite a while that Riccios was tucked away in the Touchstone shopping center  (along with Tuesday Morning and the Touchstone Yellow Rose) but haven't bothered going before now because I thought it was just another super casual pizza joint. So, when we saw the recent Groupon deal, we decided to go and check it out.  Needless to say, we were suprised when we walked in the door last Friday night and found the place jam-packed with people.  It was standing room only! However, Ricky found a spot for us to have a seat on some barstools back by the kitchen while we waited .  We waited no more than 5 -10 minutes and then were taken to our table.We decided to start with an order of calamari and garlic knots.  The calamari was breaded and cooked just right - not rubbery or chewy. The marinara sauce was fresh and tasty.  The garlic knots were seasoned to perfection and quite tasty.  Our server was very helpful in answering our questions about various menu items. It was a tough decision though because they had a nice selection of pastas, pizzas, and entree favs like chicken parm, chicken marsala, eggplant parm, etc.I was really torn between the vegetable lasagna and the Tortolloni Bellagio.  I ended up with the tortelloni which was served in a cream sauce with sundried tomatoes, mushrooms, garlic, and chicken (around $15).  It was very good, but rather rich, so next time I think I'll check out the veggie lasagna or one of the pizzas.  (I saw several other tables with pizzas that looked really good.) Other people in my party ordered veal marsala (around $18), chicken parm (around $16), and chicken francaise (around $16).  I thought the chicken parm & chicken francaise (similar to chicken piccata) both looked good. Since I don't eat veal, I thought that dish looked icky. ;-)  One of our friends had a birthday so we ordered a dessert to share and of course, had to go with the tiramisu. It was good - perfect texture and flavor. Overall, I was pleasantly suprised about our entire experience here. The food was good, the service was excellent, and the atmosphere was friendly & comfy.  We ended up spending a little more than expected we would (the bill came to around $100 before tip for 4 entrees, 1 appetizer, 1 dessert, and 3 beers) but the place was still reasonably priced.  We are definitely looking forward to our next visit.Ricky came by to chat with us and we found out this is the same Riccios that was originally in Myers Park (started by Ricky's family) and then was over at Strawberry Hill for a while.  Long time Charlotteans may remember Riccios from one of the previous locations.  In any case, we hope they stay in this location for a long, long time!  Oh, and as a bonus, we found out they deliver to our neighborhood, so SCORE for those nights when we're too lazy to cook or go out!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,9/25/2013,102,232,2,2,2>Lisa was a wonderful agent for my very first experience in finding and purchasing my first home. In the down market I realized just in time that it was a good idea to buy rather than rent. I was pretty much done with having lived with a messy room mate for well over 2 years and it was time to have a place I could really pour myself into.Lisa took me around to a number of houses in all conditions from run-down repos to move-in-ready. After two bids fell through and we viewed a number of different properties Lisa still stuck with it. Shrugging off suggestions from friends to talk to their personal realtor I stuck with her too. And eventually everything fell into place. Lisa was far more than customer-service oriented. She was very much like a friend and at times perhaps even a personal therapist where I could go to complain about all the stresses of being a renter and aching to buy my own place and move out. Of course she might not want me sharing that - others might come to her for counseling rather than to look at houses!Her relationship with all of the individuals in the real estate industry made it easy-as-pie to get a loan agent, home inspection and appraisal done with limited personal stress and input. Additionally, the Keller Williams office is well equipped for a smooth closing with banks just a short distance away. Basically, in the end I found the whole process of buying a home to be far more smooth than I was ever led to believe. Thanks tons to Lisa! I think her and I have a lot in common and I look forward to us hanging out even now after the whole transaction has been completed.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,9/24/2013,165,779,5,6,4>OMG, it's no wonder this place is packed during prime hours.  The food is literally the best Mexican I've tried thus far.  I used to think Azteca held the crown but the power has swung full swing into Three Amigos' hands!  Reading the reviews I too had to try the margaritas.....delicious!  I had the enchiladas (came with 3) for my main meal and it was equally divine.Important to know about this place is, yes it's campy inside, yes it's crowded but believe me it's worth it!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,9/23/2013,27,89,2,3,2>Saw Dr. Ahua, she was really nice and explained everything to me. I paid the 39.99 to have the Optix Max screen instead of having my eyes dilated since I was heading back to work afterwards. I called on a Monday and was able to get the first available appt the following weds. Overall a no complaints, I am going back in a week to have my contacts looked at again and to actually buy a supply!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,9/22/2013,187,1664,2,6,4>There is no shortage of "New York Style" pizza places in the Charlotte area - especially as you get up to the Northeast. Funny how that works. It's not like they put them on the South side of town. Almost like a mini-map of the country or something. Anyway.Due Amici, while currently a bit challenging to get to because of (or due to) the 485 construction, is worth a slight drive out of your way. There are other places that are simpler to find, and some are even right off of the freeway. But take the time and find your way to Due Amici and you can find a number of slices that are well worth the effort.Naturally they have things other than pizza, as any good joint will, but if it's right there in the name, should you really try anything else?
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,9/21/2013,0,109,2,3,1>haha... So, as much as I love eating great food.  Sometimes I like asian inspired american food.  This place hits it right on the dot.  The chicken was crispy and delicious.  The only place better for that dog-awful-delicious hill-sino-billy food is fortune cookie II on tryon.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/20/2013,15,63,5,5,4>Pappardelle with Braised Lamb Cheeks. Go back and read that first sentence again. Now I need you to read it out loud and one more time for good measure. Do you have it memorized? Ok now grab your keys and head straight over to Good Food on Montford and order it!!!!! Go now and go quickly. I promise you will not regret it. This dish was by far one of the best pasta dishes I have ever tasted. The pasta was fresh, cooked al dente, the lamb cheeks melted in my mouth and the sauce was thick, rich and decadent. The dish was so good I ordered it twice. In fact I almost ordered it a third time until my husband quickly reminded me that we had 5 other dishes coming. Damn I hate when he interferes with my Epicurean encounters.  The other dishes were great but honestly the pasta dish was an out of body experience.  Next time I will forgo the salads and Falafel. The Salad was nothing special and unfortunately after being in the Middle East, I have become a Falafel snob. The Korean Beef was great, the Steamed Bun with Pork Belly was good and the Scallops and Polenta was to die for. The scallops themselves were cooked to perfection. My only gripe is the place is always crowded and rather loud but the good food usually drowns out the chatter.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,9/19/2013,8,72,2,3,2>Went for the first time this past weekend. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside on the patio, which is really nice!   Our waitress was really sweet, attentive & offered good suggestions for the menu.  Pita chips that were served with hummus were warm and soft.  I asked for the quesadillas without the meat and she suggested a black bean and corn substitute which came out fantastic!!!  My Husband got the wings and being picky when it comes to wings, he really enjoyed them!  You can play skeet ball, shoot hoops or pay a dollar to punch a bag if you need to release some frustration.  Bathrooms were clean and decked in wall graffiti which I always find cool.  Food, drinks, vibes and atmosphere- all awesome!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,9/18/2013,30,187,2,2,2>Great new brewery in Charlotte!  My husband loves the smoked amber and cannot wait to try it on nitro.  I personally loved the light rail ipa.  All of their beers are really great and the tap room is beautiful. A great place to visit while you're in the Queen City.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,9/17/2013,150,417,2,9,4>Walking into Polished made me feel instantly like a V.I.P! It's such a unique concept, the only thing missing was the red carpet waiting to usher me inside! When you walk in, it's such an upbeat and energetic atmosphere. I was greeted quickly and my honey was escorted to the bar for a beer. Yes, you read that right... they serve alcohol at this nail salon. This was truly like nothing I'd ever experienced while getting a mani/pedi. He was happy because there were big screen TV's all around the place as he sipped on his cold beer. I was happy because my pedi guy was fantastic. I got the full shebang, and I felt pampered the whole time as I sipped on a glass of white wine. I got a simple mani and the top tier pedi because I like my tootsies to be spoiled. For all this, beer for him and a couple of glasses of wine for me, it was $60. Talk about worth it... this is an awesome and fun experience. Even after I was finished, I sat at the bar to let my nails dry and my klutzy self banged my finger and thumb together before they were dry. I felt horrible because it was closing time for them, and everyone had pretty much left for the night, but the manager there was fantastic. He fixed my nails for me and told me repeatedly not to worry about it. He also told me that this place has a couple other locations as well... OH YES!! It's been a few days, and the polish is still holding up strong on both my fingers and my toes. He said if I needed any touch ups then I was welcome to come back in and they'd fix my nails for me. This is the first time I'd ever had a nail place tell me this. The only thing I wish they could change is that you can't add a tip on a credit card receipt... keep that in mind at the end of your visit so you can take care of that awesome person taking their time to make you feel great!I will definitely be headed back to this place whenever I'm wanting some pampering and amazing customer service. I loved it there and will tell anyone I know who is looking for some pampering as well. Thanks Polished for making my Valentine's Day perfect :)
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,9/16/2013,128,184,3,4,3>I came to south with a total elitest, pizza pretentious, close minded, jerk-face mind thinking there will be no good pizza in the south.  Libretto's you have proved me wrong!  Libretto's by far has the best pizza charlotte.  Not too thin of a crust, great sauce, and a decent amount of options. You can also order beer at the counter from miller lite to brooklyn brewery.  This place gets packed on the weekend due to it being in Epicenter.  Though who wouldn't expect 1,000 people with drunk munchies to hit this up.   The price is a little high, but you have to expect it being in the location it is.  The only thing I wish for is that they would have delivery. If you want good pizza come here NJ/NY approved
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,9/15/2013,87,62,6,17,14>I am writing this review because there are a lot of people out there myself included that never knew places like this existed around Charlotte. I also wanted to include this in my fun places for a date Yelp list, because I had no idea how easy it was to start volunteering your spare time, or how rewarding and fun it would be if you shared it with a loved one.My wife and I don't have kids yet so we haven't been on anyone's schedule but our own, so when she mentioned volunteering I rolled my eyes because my preconceptions involved building a house, picking up trash, or some other labor intensive activity that contradicted my lifestyle of couch surfing. Then she said here's something online I found we can do on Sunday, Hands on Charlotte needs volunteers to walk rescue dogs at the White Water Center. I was like well I can do that, so she signed us up online, we got an email confirmation from the event manager Marcel and that Sunday we took a cute pugle named Winston, and a sweet one-eyed dachshund named Pirouette on a 3 mile hike around the NCWWC. After our hike all of the volunteers gathered around the picnic area drank some craft beer and showed off our sweet rescue friends. Each dog was wearing an adopt me scarf, and as adults and children stopped by to pet them we just reminded them they were all up for adoption through Project Halo. We left that day a little sad because we had become attached to our new buddies, but were also excited to come back and volunteer again to meet new ones. You can search handsoncharlotte.org for "Hiking with Hounds" if that event sounds interesting to you.On our hike we spent most of the time talking to the HOC community manager Marcel. He was very personable and told us about the organization and everything they are involved in. We mentioned that we live in the LKN area and noticed a game night at Huntersville Oaks nursing home and wondered if we could go there on Wednesday. He said for most new volunteers you will have to come down to their office for orientation, but that since he met us in person he would send us the link to take the training online. We completed the orientation and paid the onetime $20 fee through Paypal to be able to access all of the opportunities in Charlotte and become official members. That Wednesday we helped with game night at the nursing home near our house. We showed up and met the volunteer leader Mairin. It was bingo night so our job was to help each patron get to the community room and as Mairin called out the numbers we helped them mark their cards correctly. Hearing, eyesight, and mental capacity, are all luxuries we take for granted in our youth so it was very humbling to be able to assist and converse with this group of elders. We hope the more we volunteer there the more we will get to hear each ones story. We have been together almost 5 years, but we left the nursing home that night having conversations in the car that never crossed our minds to have with each other. It is amazing how much you learn about each other when you are put in a position to help others together.On a high from those first two events the following weekend we saw Shining Hope Farms in Denver was hosting a birthday party for children with disabilities and needed a few extra hands to help out. We signed up and when we arrived met Milinda who owned the farm. She taught us that morning about Hippotherapy, and how children and adults with disabilities can benefit from the characteristic movements of horseback riding that stimulate sensory and motor inputs. The birthday boy and his friends were offered this special horseback therapy, and because I was tall I was chosen to walk alongside the horse bracing each child on the saddle as the horse walked around the arena. The horses were incredibly calm and trained, and as I saw the smiles and laughs of each sweet child during their turn to ride it moved me to my core. Meanwhile my wife had volunteered for the face painting booth so she could put her artistic skills to work, after that the kids visited the bunny petting station, ate lunch and cake then finished the afternoon knocking down a birthday piñata.I have to say just from my brief exposure to this organization not one dinner, brewery, vineyard, or festival date has held a candle to the memories we made in those few short hours together volunteering. They have an endless list of projects on their calendar from as small as one hour to an entire day that you can sign up for. I also recommend you follow them on Facebook as they may post a specific project they need extra hands for that week. Trust me when I say it would be a great place to take a new date, a significant other, or go alone to meet other volunteers and broaden your circle of friends. Most importantly though I finally learned the joy of being a Good Samaritan and I'm looking forward to making new memories on future projects through Hands on Charlotte.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,9/14/2013,82,65,2,5,3>I was aware that this was a new business opening right down the street fropm me and decided to stop by after receiving a coupon mailer.  It took me a while to get there on my day off, but glad I finally got there.I always opt for a pedicure, and  this time with the discount, I got the deluxe!  I was there on a Monday afternoon, so there were a few customers, but it was quiet.  The decor is contemporary with a soothing color palette and lighting. NBSB uses top grade salon products such as Cuccio, OPI and Essie.  There is a 20% discount Monday through Thursday for waxing services and a $5.00 discount for mani-pedi combos.  The staff was quietly polite and my pedicure was leisure with emphasis on the foot and leg massage.  My technician graciously reapplied my  polish when I moved my foot and messed up a toe. I am sure I will visit again when I need a bit of pampering.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,9/13/2013,67,108,3,5,3>LOVE THIS LOCATION! We got lucky on parking, but it's really the ONLY bad thing about this Midtown spot. View of downtown and the metro vibe, but not the crazy cluster-fudge that is downtown (or is it uptown?)I had been urged by friends to try Dressler's for a while... Unfortunately the prices are a little high for my household's food game, but thank God for Groupons!! We had a $30 coupon for $60 worth of food, HOLLA!Aside from the amazing food, the thing that stood out to us the most at Dressler's was the amazing service. Our waiter was so helpful, thoughtful, and fast. Just a shining star in a sea of mediocre waiters. Three thumbs up.Now back to the food.. DELICIOUS. Really though, the quality of everything was super high and fresh. Our waiter even assured us that the seafood is flown in fresh daily. I didn't have the biggest selection as a vegetarian and I mentioned this to the server AFTER our meal. He felt so bad: "I wish you would have let me know, we have an entire vegetarian menu and gluten-free menu". Whoa! I ordered the Goat Cheese & Garlic Appetizer and G's House Salad as my entree. Both of these were simple but perfect. The Goat Cheese app was very similar to my favorite goat cheese app at 300 east. The one at Dressler's differs in that it's served with a tomato chutney instead of sun-dried tomatoes... I can dig it. I ate every single bite of both my plates.My boyfriend ordered Just for the Halibut and was blown away. I rarely see him that blissful about food, but this was one of those times. We ordered the Mom's Carrot Cake  to-go. I can't say it was the best carrot cake in the universe, but i was pretty close.DEFINITELY COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/12/2013,1034,436,8,13,11>I am happy to report that this location is just as good as Central Ave!  I was working in Huntersville and I saw the Three Amigos logo out of the corner of my eye, I couldn't believe my eyes!!  I went to work and made a plan for everyone to have a margarita after work!  Who could say no to that?I ordered what I always order, guacamole and chicken enchiladas verde.  Delicioso!If you like spicy food, make sure you ask for the salsa verde, it's pureed jalapeno. You're welcome! lol The guacamole with a drizzle of the salsa verde makes me sing (and cry from hotness sometimes)This atmosphere is shiny and new, but it's in a newish shopping center, everything can't have charm like Central Ave!Three Amigos always has drink specials, kid's nights, contests, make sure you read the board!!!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,9/11/2013,454,65,3,5,5>I like coming to Concord Mills.  Mostly for the TJ Maxx, Saks, and movie theater.  There's plenty to do here and many more places to eat on the outside of Concord Mills.  I enjoy watching the kids play in the kids area when I'm walking by and also watching them do flips on this trampoline contraption.  The only thing that I dislike about the kiddie things to do is that they have this train that picks you and your kid up and take you to one side to another...someone tell me if they feel like me in that this train always seems like it's me it's going to run over one day...You get hungry, they have a food court which has the basic; Chinese food, Sabarros, California Kitchen, etc.  Chillies Restaurant is located inside also (oh yea I had a friend who said that they now have a Poppy's Chicken)You really can find something from everyone...Old Navy to Coach to Michael Kors!  Also, you might not believe me but you can get some activity points (shout out to all my fellow Weight Watchers) by the amount of walking you do here.If you don't like crowds...well....try to come during the week (earlier hours) b/c on the weekends it's packed.  Hard to find parking in some instances and hard to get out since it's almost one way in one way out, but overall I think Concord Mills has a lot to offer :)
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,9/10/2013,90,61,3,8,3>This is one of my go-to spots. You literally can not go wrong with Le's. I have been here well-over a dozen times and have NEVER had a bad experience. I've even recruited several people who are now die-hard fans of Le's. If you are looking for a delicious banh mi then this is your place. The freshness of the ingredients and crunchy deliciousness of the bread are unmatched. I know that other places claim to have banh mis that are good but to me they just aren't as simple and delicious as what Le's offers. Let me also point out...Le's Sandwiches are a proven hangover cure in my opinion! All for less than $4!To be fair I can not comment on anything other than #6 (the grilled pork banh mi). Don't blame me though, I found what I liked and stuck with it! There are several sandwiches though to suit the pallet of any banh mi fan; I simply prefer the classic.One could not write a review about Le's Sandwiches without commenting on the ambience. Le's Sandwiches is certainly off the beaten path and is tucked away in the Asian Mall off of N Tryon which at times looks like it was abandoned in the late 70's. Don't let the scenery fool you though. Le's Sandwiches is impeccably clean and well-kept. After enjoying a sandwich at Le's be sure to check out one of the Asian markets in the same area. Great stuff and one of the cheapest places I've found Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,9/9/2013,196,213,5,6,5>I like cows. Cows are so weird, yet so cool. Milk, leather, beef, I like cows.Cows, Turf Grass, Artsy paintings, Cows on turf, Cowbell has lots of cows!Cool burgers, Trendy Burgers, Hipster burgers. Cowbell has Burgers!I don't want to go as far as calling it a knock off of another hip burger joint, but it's obvious they're either inspired by or imitating them. With limited selections of a good burger joints uptown, these guys might be the new king.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,9/8/2013,61,127,,4,2>I only heard of this place after the Charlotte Observer mentioned they were going to be on a restaurant renovation show. First, the restaurant is next to BiLo, but is not visible until you are actually past BiLo.  If I had followed my GPS I would have gone up the off ramp from 485 inner loop, but since I knew there was no entrance from that direction I stayed on Park Rd and turned in at BiLo.  Second, the place was empty for Saturday lunch even though it is near the mall and everyone is out Christmas shopping.  Third, food and service were excellent.  I had the corned beef hash and eggs.  Both were excellent.  The people at my table had BLTs and loved them.  Price was right and portions were generous.My suggestions: *Fountain beverages, not canned.  It just looks cheap.*Pay someone to design the menu.  It looks like a 6th grader did the layout.  the spacing was uneven and it didn't flow well.  The sides are on the back, the headers weren't as cute as they thought they were.  *Declutter the cash register area.  Get rid of the candy and make the shirts more prominent.  I think the Got Tea shirts are nice, but didn't even notice them until after I had already paid.*Update the decor.  What image are you trying to project?  A quick lunch place, or a home cooked dinner place?  It looked like the former, but the menu reflected the latter.My friends will return after the show tapes next week to see what changes are made.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,9/7/2013,137,460,2,3,2>This is a place I have driven by many times but did not notice.  After finding out it is a popular spot, we finally made a stop.  I love this wonderful spot!  The atmosphere is great, comfy, and as another reviewer, the music is incredible; it makes you take notice!  Our server was great and well informed.  It always helps when the waiter has personally tasted the dishes being served.  Since we could not possibly experience everything on the menu, we had:- grilled caesar salad: 4/5- white bean/goat cheese dip:  4/5 (served cold but it grows on you)- Korean BBQ wings (not spicy at all, more sweet):  5/5- salted caramel-popcorn buttercream cupcake:  4/5- Punto Final Malbec (Argentina):  5/5We ordered the sashimi tuna tacos as well, but they never made it to the table...next visit but I really didn't mind.  Soul has a small but adequate wine listing and the couple we ordered were delightful.  This is a hip but inviting spot to hang out for something to eat and drink in the Plaza-Midwood area and I always enjoy great spots that my fellow reviewers love!  Best regards...
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,9/6/2013,36,47,4,5,6>Are you lazy and don't want to do your own laundry? Hate folding clothes? I am and truly despise doing these simple chores.  If you do too, then look no further.  Spintastic comes to the rescue.  Spintastic has drop-off service at a very reasonable rate.   I usually wait for two weeks for my laundry to pile up.  It used to be such a pain to drag my laundry to the laundry machines at my apt. complex (I don't have a washer and dryer in my apt.)  I would estimate it costs me about $8 - $10 for washer/dryer and soap.  My laundry usually comes out to $16 at Spintastic.  Worried about your whites? Spintastic will separate for you and bleach those suckers! Fabric softener? Spintastic does that as well.  Folding - the biggest pain of doing laundry? Yes, Spintastic folds clothes neatly and organized fashion.  For an extra $6 every two weeks, I'm definitely going to take more advantage of the great service Spintastic offers.  Great service with great customer service gets this place 5 stars from me.Thanks, Spintastic!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,9/5/2013,14,41,3,3,1>Loved this place! I think I've just found my newest obsession..The veggie burger and side salad was delicious- I feel full but not stuffed (perfect for lunch). I also got an iced coffee with coffee ice cubes and house-made almond milk and I would like to give credit to said coffee for the speediness of this review. I'm excited to go back and try other things on the menu!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,9/4/2013,33,134,2,2,2>Great hot yoga place. They like it hot and so do I. The classes on Sundays are packed so if you don't feel comfortable doing yoga with someone 3 inches from you then this is probably not your place. I enjoy the instruction because it is the same every time. I feel like I always know what to expect although I see some of the reviewers did not like that aspect. I do feel their prices are a tad high but it's worth it. Namaste
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,9/3/2013,10,66,2,6,3>If you want the best workout you can get in less than an hour, this is the place.  Expect to be VERY sore if you're out of shape like me, but you sweat and burn hundreds of calories in the short amount of time you're there.  Devon is very energetic, professional and creative with his workouts.  There are very early morning classes to meet the needs of working moms and stay at home moms that need to get home before their husband leaves for work.  Overall, a great place to get back in shape!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,9/2/2013,49,49,3,3,3>As a die-hard New Yorker, one thing I do know is the difference between good and bad pizza. Delicious options.Homemade baked ziti, crispy jumbo slice pizza, and Philly steak are my favorites. Been twice in two weeks and planning on going in a couple days.....found my home away from home
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,9/1/2013,38,51,2,3,3>This is my go-to quick lunch joint downtown.  It's in the Latta Arcade, and I love that I can take my meal outside into the Brevard Courtyard and enjoy the great NC weather.I love the pizza (large slices, not at all greasy!), but lately I've been hooked on their salads.  Yes.  A pizza place with fantastic salads.  They have a cobb salad with romaine lettuce, egg, huge chunks of fresh avocado, crumbled bleu cheese, tomatoes and bacon.  It's gigantic, and a wonderful, affordable, healthy lunch.Great place, great people, and I love supporting small businesses!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,8/31/2013,22,60,5,8,4>If I could move straight into City Supply Co, I would.  Somehow, they manage to successfully combine traditional with modern and casual with funky.  There are the bigger, more expensive items like custom fabric couches, lighting, and large scale art, but also a whole plethora of unique and affordable gifts and accessories (jewelry, books, candles, art, etc.) to decorate your home with or give as gifts to friends.  The employees are incredibly helpful and the service is top quality.  When I win the lottery, I'm buying the whole store!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,8/30/2013,16,56,1,7,3>THIS PLACE ROCKS!  Blows away the Dunkin Donuts doughnuts and there are some really cool varieties such as:  maple bacon, 3 different variations of red velvet, MASSIVE CINNAMON ROLLS and everything is outstanding!  This is one of the only real northern feeling bakeries I've seen down here.  Also, they should call it Muffin King bc their muffins are hands down the best I have ever had!  Crusty on the outside and moist as hell on the inside, WOW. Staff is all really friendly.Prices are competitive with all other like businesses. Green Mountain coffee. I would love to see some FRIED (not microwave, gross) egg sandwiches here tho....THEY RECEIVED 4 AND NOT 5 STARS BECAUSE THEY HAVE BEEN OPENED OVER A MONTH AND STILL DON'T MAKE ENOUGH DONUTS OR MUFFINS AND HAVE TO CLOSE EARLY.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,8/29/2013,87,175,2,2,2>This is a little quaint cafe/bar spot that has a lot to offer.  Unfortunately, my review is specifically going to cover only the atmosphere and alcohol.  I havent had a chance to eat here just yet but I have only heard good things.  All local foods and farms used here and my buddy lives and dies by their salads. The wine menu is rather extensive but I personally think that the beer seclection is excellent.  Tons of local crafts and all of the other usual domestics and imports.  Can't go wrong.  The atmosphere is what I dig most.  The outdoor patio/balcony seating is the prime spot. Beautiful views of the park and mint museum... Perfect for catching a breeze and people watching!  Best time for arriving.. Right after work because lunch can get a little busy.  But, it's perfect for an after work drink or two or five.  Give it a shot.Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,8/28/2013,11,40,3,3,3>Charlotte local here but I've been on two Charlotte NC Tours now. As a work teambuiliding exercise we took the uptown Segway tour. It was a blast and even though I've lived here many years I saw and learned a few new Charlotte secrets. We have a variety of ages in our office and everyone had a great time. The manperson and I took the Bike n Brewery tour last night as part of CRVA's Stride and Ride event. We had an absolute blast traveling through Southend on our colorful cruisers and sampling some great Charlotte beer along the way. The only recommendation I'd make is for the tour company to have an agreement with the breweries for at least a small sample of beer instead of having to buy at every stop. We were on a free tour so absolutely no complaints for that but I think if I'd paid full price I'd at least want a drink ticket or two. Thanks guys for a great Saturday night!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/27/2013,199,213,5,9,8>I took my five year old here to get her hearing checked since she didn't pass the basic pre-screening at the pediatric. I was very impressed with the nurse's friendliness and professionalism of the doctor here. First visit, we came here and we waited about fifteen minutes before we were called in. The doctor started conversation right away with my daughter and my daughter was able to talk to her very comfortably. The test took about thirty minutes or so and throughout the whole process, it was very playful for my daughter and she didn't feel like she was at doctor's office. She still had cold during this visit so the doctor suggested a follow up visit once her cold was gone.Second visit, we arrived here and my daughter was excited to come here. That's the first time she was excited to be at doctor's office : D We waited for about the same time (fifteen minutes) and were called in. Again, the test took about twenty minutes and this time she passed the hearing test YAY! We were on our way out, we checked out and that's when my daughter reminded me that she needs to get a sticker!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/26/2013,46,70,4,5,5>Great little 9 hole, no frills golf course.  It's especially convenient for me as I live near Uptown and there aren't many other municipal options close by.  I used to drive to Leatherman down S. Tryon for the range, but this one is closer to me and it's the same price.  You always get to hit from the grass, which I'm a fan of because I feel like hitting from mats screws up my swing (making me think I'm hitting the ball better than I really am!).It's a really short course, but I still pull out the driver on 4-5 holes.  I believe they did some renovations recently, but I wouldn't be able to tell because I just started going there.  That's just what I've heard.  All in all, $15 to walk 9 holes during the week is what keeps me coming back.  A cart is only like 4 bucks more, but I'd rather walk a short course for the exercise.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/25/2013,13,44,2,4,2>I have been a member here for over a year and have had various massage therapists and every one has been amazing.  I've heard chain places can be sketchy but, this place is very professional; they don't push/oversell you on anything, and the MT's they hire are wonderful.  I'm usually a noodle when I leave this place - to the point where I should probably get a DD.  I haven't gotten through a massage with Noehmy without falling asleep (unusual for me) but every MT I've had has been fantastic.  Highly recommend the 80 minute hot stone massage.  Really friendly staff and you get a chocolate and lemon water as perks.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/24/2013,44,103,5,8,7>I love icy stuff.  Slushes, Italian ice, Slurpees, etc. are all good to me (in varying degrees).  While I have been meaning to try this place since it opened, I somehow never got around to it.  Well, today I was moseying on by with a little bit of a sore throat and it suddenly became a NEED.  They are located in what I am positive used to be some sort of automotive-y shop or something similar.  I remember driving by the building and wondering why it hadn't been demolished.  Such an eyesore.  Now Pelican's is in there, and they have painted it (BRIGHTLY), and revitalized this little building that otherwise would have been razed.Anyway, the most difficult part was trying to decide on a flavor, since they have over 100!  I went with peach and it really fit the bill.  I really love how small the crystals are.  The prices are outstanding, as well.  I intend to bring the kids often this summer!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/23/2013,90,98,2,5,3>The ladies at Dynasty were friendly, professional, and did an amazing job.  Got a french mani pedi and looking polished and ready for Spring.  Thank you yelp for helping me to find them.  Definitely a great find :)
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,8/22/2013,40,52,4,7,3>This cool cozy place is warmed up with orange walls and and original artwork that is available for purchase. Most recently, I was here for a private event and it was just as lovely as previous "open to the public" evenings that feature jazz and beverages. Great place to lounge (with friends or a date).Public Service Announcement: There is street parking (meters) and a lot across the street. Don't park behind Kanvas, as they will tow you without hesitation.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,8/21/2013,94,181,3,5,4>Being half Asian myself (Filipino), I of course love Asian cuisine. In my almost 50 years of life, I have had mixed experiences when it comes to Vietnamese cuisine. However, and thankfully, Vietnam Grill was definitely a PLUS! From the outside, it looks kind of ordinary. But don't judge this book by its cover! The inside is much nicer than the exterior suggests, and the food is the star here.To start, we had the Cha Gio (Crispy Spring Rolls). Now one thing to keep in mind about Vietnamese is that they are meat eaters.....more so than other Asian cultures (with the exception of Koreans who love meat as much). These spring rolls reminded me of my Mom's rolls, who stuffed them with plenty of meat. This one was loaded with pork, onions and mushrooms. And were they ever yummy, especially with the Asian fish sauce (which we called Patis). For dinner, my wife had the crispy pan fried noodles with beef, and GOD were those ever delicious! They loaded it up with beef and a wonderful brown sauce which were soaked up the crunchy noodles. They they topped it with lots of fresh Cilantro, and what a flavor rush!I had the Traditional Vietnamese Hot and Spicy Curry with Chicken. This too was good, but not nearly as good as what my wife had. Not sure about the "hot" part of this dish as I didn't think it was hot at all. In fact, I wouldn't even qualify it as "spicy" let alone hot. Still it was tasty.It seemed like everyone around us was enjoying Pho. So next time, it's the flank steak and briskett Pho!Overall an excellent meal and I can't wait to try their Pho!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,8/20/2013,63,221,4,7,6>Hello Friends,Now I coulda sworn I've written a review once I left here way back when!!! No worries!!Nice setup. Bar at the entrance where you may purchase tickets, drinks, & food (which is pretty freakin good considering. A few pool tables. Imagin seatin at any movie, add about a foot & 1/2 of leg room. That's where you eat. No worries. When your done and want to sit back it doesn't block your view. Kinda like Bubba Gump or you run of the mill Brazilian restaurant where you inform someone you would like service by placing your order sheet out in the open!!Pretty cool. Mother & Child days are on Tuesdays (all movies 5 snaps). Just in case you are thinking like I did, can I come even if I'm not 1 a mother 2 no child!! Answer. YES!!I noticed they show NFL games in Sundays. Wow. Great idea. Had I not already had my NFL Ticket to see my Tampa Bay Buccaneers, I woulda checked that out. Maybe next!!TTFN
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,8/19/2013,31,89,4,7,3>This place is right around the corner from my house and I have always wondered about it because there is zero flair to the exterior and it's in the middle of strip mall.But because a friend who loves NY style pizza tried and loved it I decided to take a chance.They serve pizza by the slice and true to NY style they are huge thin crust slices that you can fold over to get it in your mouth. If you see someone take a knife and fork to it, smack them. I assume it could only add to their authentic NY experience. THen show them how to eat it properly. Fold nearly in half, insert into mouth.If you don't like pizza, you probably got dragged here with a friend but it's okay. They serve subs and salads too.I will definitely be back for a slice or two but hope to also try their Italian subs.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,8/18/2013,41,363,4,9,6>We went to The Comedy Zone thanks to a super 1/2 off Groupon deal. I always like going to comedy clubs but they can be expensive, between the tickets and the drink minimums. Between the Groupon and the fact that The Comedy Zone doesn't have a drink minimum, we were able to enjoy a great night of affordable laughs.The Comedy Zone is tucked away in the NC Music Factory "complex" and is a great entertainment addition. They have a variety of amateur and professional comics rolling through, with the occasional super celebrity. The interior setup is pretty good, and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Like most comedy clubs the front tables are pretty cramped, but we were seated at this long bar-type area that runs along the perimeter of the floor, so we had a lot of elbow  room compared to some others. They do have food and drinks available, and the servers come by quite often to make sure you are content with what you have...but for us who only wanted one drink for the night (since we went out for food and drink before the show) it was a bit too much. The beer was priced in about the right area (for a comedy club), with us paying $5.00 each for drafts of Blue Moon and OMB Copper. The food menu had the usual bar fare of fried appetizers and burgers, along with some salads, sandwiches and pasta dishes, but we didn't order food since we ate before going to the show. It is worth noting that the food prices seemed a bit steep, and I doubt the quality of the food would compare to an actual restaurant for the price you would pay.  Of course I can't review The Comedy Zone based on the content of the show, since it changes daily depending on who's performing. What I can rate it on is the fact that they provided a great venue for a night of laughs. My bigger concerns is the price of admission, between tickets and any food or drink you decide to order. It is a good-sized venue and they do bring in some pretty big names on occasion, and I totally look forward to going back again.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,8/17/2013,15,160,4,4,5>Well Pure Pizza is another place that falls in the category of "I finally had to buy a living social to try".  Apparently, I need the motivation of an expiring coupon to help me eat some pizza that I know is going to be great.As per usual, I am all over a wild mushroom pie like a dog in heat.  I chose the sprouted crust and let me tell you, it was the perfect combo with the earthy goodness of the shrooms. Others at the table had margherita and another pie that I can't recall at the moment. Both the other ones were on regular crust, which was also delicious, but I can't get over the sprouted crust.  I look forward to many a return visit.Oh they also have local craft beer which is always a plus in my book.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/16/2013,46,131,4,4,3>So we finally went here for a late Saturday lunch. The Indian that I am, I get over excited when I see an Indian restaurant serve Bombay food, some change from the tacky South Indian - North Indian cuisine.I ordered a Masala Dosa, my boyfriend ordered the Thali (Lunch / Dinner deal) with two non-vegetarian entrees (he's getting acquainted with Indian food for my sake :) ) and we ordered a wada paav between us because that's how I judge the quality and credibility of anything that claims to be "Bombay special." Yes, they passed the wada paav test. It was some delicious wada paav. So delicious that we ordered some more to go. The masala dosa was okay. The potato bhaaji inside wasn't anything to write home about, and the dosa was not crispy although it was huge. The coconut chutney was really good though. My boyfriend's thali had palak (spinach) chicken and achari chicken. He loved the achari chicken and I thought the palak chicken was just as good.The good thing about this place is that they have a little grocery department. Nothing to compare to Patel Brothers, but it has all the basic stuff you'd need so we got to do our Indian groceries while they made our order of wada paav. This place is known for their sweets and savory snacks (most Indian grocery stores carry their items for sale) but with all that food we were too full to even look at the sweets cases.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,8/15/2013,33,176,1,4,2>I rescued a pup the end of September and started coming here after a friend had suggested I use them. When you walk in it doesn't smell which is a plus to me since my old vet smelt terrible. They are super friendly and genuinely care about your animals! After Lexi and I had gone on our first visit they called to check in with me and see how everything was going. My sister and I decided to bring our cat Hula there also and they have helped us get him back on track too after we noticed significant weight-loss and excessive shedding turns out to be a thyroid problem and they have helped us regulate his meds. I think they are very reasonably priced too. You should definately bring your pets here Dr. White is very good!!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,8/14/2013,5,59,2,4,2>This is definitely the best location that I have been to. We had a quick dinner before heading over to see a movie. My wife had the chicken ceasar salad which was huge and had a lot of chicken on it. She loved it and said the ceasar dressing was good and not overly "anchovy tasting."  I had one of the burgers which was cooked perfectly and was also of a large portion. The staff was fantastic and knew that we were in a time crunch to catch our movie so despite a busy Saturday evening they were very accommodating and we made it out just in time.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,8/13/2013,73,204,2,7,2>I scheduled a Swedish massage for this morning.  I am glad that the houses were painted orange; it helped in locating them.  The receptionist was professional and friendly.  The waiting room was comfortable, with music in the background.  My massage therapist was quiet (thank goodness) and gave the firm touch that I had requested.  The price was right, and the service was great.  It was everything that I had wanted.  Will definitely return for more, and I will treat special people in my life to massage gift cards!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,8/12/2013,16,212,3,4,4>5-STAR Brunch!! We've taken all our out of town guests here, and they've loved it. Worth the $30pp.Came here for happy hour bar bites, which was okay. Never been here for dinner.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,8/11/2013,10,65,3,5,4>How have I not reviewed this place!?  Well, let me get right on it and correct my oversight..For me, this is the best greek food in town.  I've tried a couple of other places, but for a sit-down service place, the Isles takes the cake, for sure!During lunch, I can't imagine not getting the Gyro lamb plate.  It's perfect and delicious!  At dinner, I can't for the life of me recall the name of the dish I get, but it's usually lamb and has this amazing blend of different grains in a creamy tomato type sauce.  Often served with asparagus.  Oh, now I can't wait to go back!The staff is always great and very friendly.  The decor is a little different but in no way takes away from the great atmosphere.  Never had a bad experience here!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/10/2013,84,82,3,8,5>I would like to first make note of my FIVE star rating. I am not easily pleased as I truly believe and feel that businesses have to do what they are there to do which is PLEASE the CUSTOMER (as long as the customer is not an IGNORANT individual trying to give them a HARD TIME, I commend those who are still good with these people as well.NOW TO THE REVIEW:I was the Matron of Honor in a friend's wedding on March 9, 2013 in Dallas, TX and my husband and I are new to Charlotte, NC so we have to start all over to find a cleaners, tailor, doctors, etc.. (you get the point). My dress was "custom" from a boutique in Dallas, TX where they made the dress according to your measurements which mine are very UNNORMAL 36-26-42. The dress was $275 with shipping and when it arrived it smothered me (they sent a size 16 and I have NEVER worn a 16 in my LIFE). I went to SEVEN - YES SEVEN tailors in and around Charlotte and was told that the dress had to be taken apart and put back together in order to fit me because they needed to take about 16 inches from the dress from different areas in order for the dress to fit my Original Coca Cola bottle figure and the cost would range from $225-$300 which would put this HORRIBLE dress in the price range of $500 - $600. My LAST and FINAL stop was to Matthews Alterations & Cleaners (my husband suggested we try them because we see the place every time we go to Costco). I didn't express to them the price I had been given at the SEVEN other alteration shops I just tried it on and spoke on the HORROR the dress is causing. Laura Tran was so Funny, NICE and understanding. She laughed with me when I put the dress on and it fell to the floor when I stop holding it up. She put pins everywhere and told me to come back next week which I did and tried it on again, it had to be worked on again and I came back the third time and you would have NEVER thought it was the SAME DRESS it was ABSOLUTELY PERFECT and after all that work I didn't care how much it cost and OVERALL it only cost me $60 I could not BELIEVE it. I gave her a $40 tip because I just couldn't believe that she took my dress apart and put it back together so PERFECTLY and HUMBLY and was so NICE to me and my FAMILY in the process.This is my family NEW Alteration shop DEFINITELY!!!!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,8/9/2013,249,585,4,6,4>I love local businesses & even more thrilled that there's such a huge Appalachian State alumni presence here (Go Mountaineers!).For a brainstorming session, Katie M. & I stopped in here after the Christmas holidays.  It was around 2 PM & there were quite a bit of patrons working away, making use of the wi-fi.  This was my first time here, so I wasn't sure what to go with. Now if this were Starbucks, this would be easy for me. However, I decided to go with the cafe mocha.  The "barista" was pretty quick & of course, made the nice little "latte art" on top, which was so pretty!  The "stay here" mugs are a good size, which I was happy about. The shop is pretty quaint & there wasn't any music playing, so Katie & I felt a bit guilty that we were chatting away, while so many people were obviously working. Thank goodness no one seemed to mind. :)The prices are reasonable & the ambiance is very cozy. As Brittany mentioned, there are so many choices!I will definitely keep them on my list of coffee spots!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,8/8/2013,33,124,,6,1>It's taken me 19 years to find the Thai curry chicken I loved when I lived in Boston. Their Massaman curry is amazing and is as good as the meal from Boston. Finally!My family and I have enjoyed lunch and dinner here on several occasions and have had great experiences each time. The staff is friendly and the owner comes out and check on things frequently. Their wine list is weak but that's typical of the Asian-type restaurants in the area. You can bring your own for a minimal corkage fee. Give the curry a try - you'll love it!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/7/2013,182,166,5,8,5>My first and only experience at Joe Hooper's came about a week ago on a random week- night.  Upon walking in, the decor and overall ambiance of the place definitely stick out; in a good way.  One thing that caught my eye was the hard-wood floors that cover the entire establishment - they are a nice, classy touch for sure.Upon being seated, our drink orders were taken immediately and that was followed by the GM coming over to our table, politely introducing himself to us and kindly walked us through the menu.  He really made a big deal about the burgers, so both myself and the friend I was with, decided to run two burgers with tots on the side.  I've got to say that when the burger arrived, I was more than a little disappointed in its size (that's what she said - HAHA).  Based on the GM's description of the burger and the process they went through to make the burgers, etc, etc., I expected something along the lines of Bad Daddy's or Burger Co.  Instead it resembled more of a Wendy's-type of burger - especially in the flatness of the paddy.  The taste was OK; above par for sure.  Its the size and overall presentation of the burger that left me a bit underwhelmed.  The other small exception I have with Joe Hooper's was the portion-size of their sides.  The tots that were ordered were def. not enough to share.  I am starting to get a little annoyed with places charging an extra $3 for a small order of tots.Despite these issues, I am still giving Joe Hooper's 4 stars.  There were plenty of other things on the menu I would like to go back and try.  The service was excellent.  The lady serving us, was really friendly and was on top of her job.  The overall ambiance has me wanting to come back as well.  There's a nice roomy bar to the left as you walk in with big flat-screens warming the patrons at the bar.  There is also a nice little parking lot for Joe Hooper's.  Yes, I was a little disappointed in my food.  But Joe Hooper's did enough to get me back on intrigue alone...
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,8/6/2013,56,93,5,7,5>So I love chocolate... seriously big time chocoholic!! However I can be very picky about my chocolate. I can tell the difference between good and bad chocolate and I can tell when truffles are made with love. Let me tell you the truffles at the Secret Chocolatier are absolutely made with love. This family business was introduced to me by a friend who gets her pedicures next door (will review that later as it's an awesome place too).  She took me into the shop one afternoon and I was instantly enchanted by the smells that wafted my way.  Obviously I had to buy, there's just no way to walk into a chocolate shop and not take something home!! So I got a little sampler that I put together took it home and made a cup of hot tea.  Not a single one of the 5 truffles I got lasted the night.  Some of my favorites are the Earl Grey, Jasmine Green Tea, and Cardamom truffles.  There are some more that I enjoy as well but many times their truffles are seasonal and they are always ever changing.  These three never fail to be there when I go though!If you are looking for amazing chocolate and some amazing people to support through your patronage I highly suggest giving them a try. I can't imagine you will be sorry!!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,8/5/2013,24,29,1,5,3>I walk into a very attentive nail spa that is very clean, attractive and without nail polish fumes.This is my third time there and the nail technicians know me and my friend are both there for a pedicure. I relax in the massage chair and forget about my stressful day. No wine or beer is offered but the awesome foot and calf massage makes up for the lack of libations. In fact my friend and I bring our own libation of choice and indulge in the experience of a real pedicure other salons can't offer.The attention to detail in my pedicure is the most important factor in my reason to return for the third time. I detest hasty pedicures for 30 dollars and I promise this is not the case with Jade Nail Spa. One of the best for the price of 25.00 dollars on a basic pedicure and yes this includes a paraffin soak. I promise a no disappoint if you give it a try. Just be sure to bring cash when you go.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,8/4/2013,91,93,2,5,2>Good food and service! A good date night spot..Having said that, what you should also know is that if you prefer to watch a movie completely uninterrupted, this may not be where you want to watch it. You will notice the servers moving around, taking people's orders, bringing out the food & check etc. They try to be as invisible as possible - wearing black, and speaking softly, but we're so accustomed to not seeing figures move around in a dark movie theater, that it can be somewhat distracting. The food was good - the appetizers especially. I ordered a salad (kale and avocado) for my main course, which I didn't love, and also, it wasn't the ideal dish to eat in a dark theater.. I wish I'd have realized that when I ordered it, then I wouldn't have eaten half of my husband's burger, which was quite tasty =). In my opinion, dishes like their delicious coconut chicken tenders or pizzas, are far better choices for that setting. While the theater itself is definitely more suitable for a date, (thanks to the ambiance and seat arrangements), the bar is a fun place for bigger groups. So, if you're trying to encompass everything from dinner to drinks to a movie, all in one evening, in one place.. this is a great one stop shop!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/3/2013,42,110,4,7,7>What a fine breakfast destination. They also serve lunch and, but I love the breakfast. I've been looking for the perfect little breakfast spot and Toast is definitely high on the list. It's very cute and quiet. Wonderful if you can go when it's not crowded. They have indoor and outdoor seating. I got a little corner all to myself where the windows open to the outside. They serve breakfast all day so I got the "combo". The flapjacks...my friends, they were amazing!!!! The combo comes with one flapjack or french toast with eggs and bacon. They have a variety of stuffed french toast and flapjacks. I decided on the banana nut flapjack with scrambled eggs + cheddar and turkey bacon. The best "flapjack" ever! Big pieces of fresh banana and crunchy pecans. It was big enough to cover the center of the plate but not huge. Just enough to make me full. Perfect breakfast for under $10!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,8/2/2013,36,206,2,5,5>I'll admit it - I'm dumb.  I'd heard about The Wine Shop, but I always thought it was just a store where you bought wine.  No judging!  We were having dinner at Barrington's around the corner, and for some reason, I decided to look at The Wine Shop's website to see if it was a place we could have a drink before dinner.  Could we ever!  Not only did they have some great wines, but they also had some fairly unique beers AND food.  Clearly, I've been living under a rock.I was amazed at how large the place was when we got there, and I immediately loved the atmosphere.  With all the wood and somewhat dim lighting, it felt like a classy, yet rustic, cabin/lodge.  (That's supposed to be a compliment.  Adjectives aren't my forte.)  The bar was large enough to seat 15ish people, and there were a ton of tables, not to mention walls and walls of wine bottles for purchase.  We didn't get any food, but it looked very inventive.  I was so intrigued by the Brussels sprouts and apples that now I'm kicking myself for not trying it.Some wine shops I've been to have felt clique-y or loud.  If there were regulars there, the servers acknowledged them, but we felt just as welcome as newbies.  I appreciated the classy, quiet yet vibrant feel, and I really appreciated the free wi-fi.  We'll definitely be back and probably for drinks AND dinner!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,8/1/2013,26,48,3,5,3>OK, I definitely owe this place a new review since my last one.  This place gives out great quality food.  It's locally owned and is one of the top choices if you are in the area.  You can pick a pickled pepper at the counter that you order at.  Consider it a little appetizer.  I think they are delicious.  Probably the hottest menu Item is the Bacon Cheese Burger.  Always delicious!  The French fries here are fresh peeled and cut.  No frozen ones here.  I would like the fries a little more if they had the skins on them.  I feel like the clientele they cater to is a skinless type of crowd if you know what I mean.They do serve bottled beer which is something you do not see at many deli's.  The staff is always courteous and definitely likes to take care of their customers.  There is a pac-man machine in the back but if you are not careful, it will take your quarter.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,7/31/2013,57,290,3,5,5>I like this local brewery a lot.  I wasn't much of a beer aficionado prior to living in Charlotte, but something about this place reminded me how much I like beer.  Well, not "something", rather it was their excellent beer selection.  Monk's Trunk and Midnight Madness were my two favorite.  Forgot which night we came but stopped through with a group of people on a trivia night.  We caused a mini-ruckus getting everyone from our group situated as they came and left, but the staff and owners were patient with us.  We lost the three trivia categories--SNL, capitol cities, and "Name that Tune", but got some prizes for scoring well on word puzzle thing.  Overall, a fun night.  I was hoping that they wouldn't ask what the capitol of South Korea was because I didn't know it--classic case of overthinking the situation. =(Real nice casual night with a good crowd of people of drinking beers and playing games--pretty much awesome, right?dmo out
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,7/30/2013,61,127,4,4,4>Best dive in Charlotte? Lupie's...hands down.Don't let the windowless brick building with the wind-weathered sign fool you - this place was making great food before you and will be here long after you're gone. It has that old-school diner grunge and big flavors from lots of practice.Their specialty is chilli and it's off the chart. They have a wide variety to choose from that range from sweet to spicy, mild to "oh-my-god-I'm-dying"and you can get it in a bowl or piled on top of just about anything. The "home cooking" entrees, only one per day and it rotates, look like the perfect comfort food. Burgers are amazing and the portions on everything are heaping.If you can fight your way into the parking lot, you are in for one of the best kept secrets in Charlotte!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/29/2013,8,59,2,2,2>Love, love Chico's!  Service is usually pretty good, food is great and bar specials are great!  We meet friends here with all of our kids and can hang out for a little while.  They have great bar specials, the margaritas are really good.  There is tons of seating and they are always able to accomodate bigger parties.  We frequent this place for sure!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,7/28/2013,117,303,3,6,5>Four Friends recently added a small tap room after taking over some space in the same building where they brew the beer.  The new tap room is slightly more refined, and the brewery itself is visible through the glass like most micro breweries.  The new tap room allows them to focus on brewing the beer in the brewery.  The new tap room is nice, and the beer is still good.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,7/27/2013,92,370,1,5,4>A step above the rest in Charlotte area cheap/fast Chinese food.YELP TO THE RESCUE!!!  As I'm driving way down Harris Blvd one day around lunch time, I get a hankering for my weakness.  Cheap Chinese lunch.  As soon as I whip out my yelp app, not only do I see a well rated place close by, but a place that is well rated by no other than Chad E!  Oh, I was excited.Chinese restaurants near the not so nice side of town are always hit or miss, and this one was almost perfectly spot on.  I went ahead and read some other reviews to get an idea of what I may want.  One yelper said that hey loved the hot and sour soup and the Hunan beef so much he had bribed the owner for the recipe, so I gave it a shot.My waiter, was soooooo fast.  Almost stalky, but not in a bad way since it was lunch time.  I drink a lot of water and I don't think it was ever less than half full.  The soup came quickly.  The first couple bites were great, rich, and perfect with the crunch of the noodles I put in.  Although, It did get a little overly salty towards the end.My Hunan beef came shortly after.  Beautifully thick looking sauce and a nice portion sized per $.  I took my first bite hoping for the best and it was soooooo close.  Amazing flavor for a quick cheap spot, but yet again over salted and that was pretty much the story of the meal.  Even the eggroll tasted overly salty.  That is the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars in my book.Maybe I was off kilter, maybe my taste buds were overly sensitive, that did come to mind once the eggroll wrapper tasted so briny.  I guess I'll have to back and find out.  Anybody want to join?  They have a lunch for 2 special, 3 things off the menu, to rices, and 2 eggrolls for less than $14.I'll be back!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/26/2013,192,333,2,6,2>Overall, good food, noble mission... It's a place that you feel good about eating a meal at :) I absolutely love the concept behind King's Kitchen. They are a not-for-profit restaurant that donates 100% of it's profits from sales to feed the community. Not only do they have a noble mission and vision, but they have tasty food! I had a group interview in Uptown and a few of us were looking for a lunch spot close by. It was the one rainy, cold, windy day that week and we were on foot. Someone suggested Jimmy John's but I refused to walk too far.  Luckily, The King's Kitchen was at the corner of the block. We walked in and we took a peak at the menu. Everyone was satisfied with the selection so we asked to be seated. I got the chicken salad croissant sandwich which came with a side. I opted for a mixed greens salad with balsamic. The sandwich was excellent! The side salad was good, a simple mixed green salad with fresh ingredients. No complaints. The other selections at the table looked tasty as well! The prices were fair, $9-13 for the lunch menu.  The service was attentive and everyone was very polite. I would like to return to try their dinner selections.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,7/25/2013,66,70,3,5,3>After having a cold reception from our appointment at J Majors, the warmth and friendliness of the staff at NY Bride and Groom overwhelmed us in the best way.  The staff is non-commission based, and clearly just love the experience of helping a bride find her dream dress.  The place is HUGE.  Endless seas of white fluff lol, but the consultant helped us find our way around.  She was patient and very attentive to our indecisiveness.  The dressing area is beautiful and there are many mirrors available so you don't have to feel like you're waiting in line to see yourself even if the place is packed.My friend found her perfect dress, right within her budget, and we couldn't be happier!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/24/2013,54,162,2,5,3>When you think of Sunday brunch Vietnamese food is typically not at the top of the list, but after visiting Saigon Palace you'll quickly change your mind.  I've been going to this spot for months now and it has consistently been a wonderful experience.If you're unfamiliar with Vietnamese food then this is a great place to start.  They have plenty of options if you're a hardcore vegetarian and lots to choose from if you LOVE pork.  Their normal menu is a bit on the pricey side, so I suggest doing the Sunday brunch buffet.  The shrimp spring rolls alone are worth the price of admission and the Vietnamese pancakes (Banh Xeo) are mouth watering.Quick tip, try to go early if you can.  There are many, many families that come here.  For some it's a weekly tradition.  Going early is key to avoiding the rush.  Also, you have to try their Vietnamese iced coffee made with condensed milk.  The combination of espresso and sugar are enough to knock you out of any food coma.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,7/23/2013,34,63,3,4,3>Christmas comes but once a year, and so does my annual grooming session!This year, I decided to try a traditional man-spa to take care of my Novem-beard.  After scouring the Yelp-o-sphere, I came across Brian K's review for the Barber Crew.As soon as I entered, I was greeted with a Jersey accent.  It added an element of authenticity to the visit!  The ladies saw the "beast" that was and asked, "What are we doing today?"  I simply orbited around my head with a finger and replied, "This!"They sat me down, asked a few more questions (including if I'd like a beer!) and started the manscaping.The atmosphere exudes 1960's cool with old school leather barber chairs, dark stained wooden cabinetry, and classic conversation.  I arrived shortly after opening, and there was no wait.When the seemingly Herculean task of returning order to my mop and clearing the facial frontier was complete, the ladies cursed that they hadn't taken a before and after shot!  When I looked in the mirror, I couldn't believe the dude looking back was me!  They did a FANTASTIC job, and I really enjoyed the hospitality while they worked!Definitely worth the treat!  I certainly will make the trip back every few weeks to lop off the locks!GREAT service, GREAT people, GREAT value!Ray J.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,7/22/2013,30,92,2,2,2>Great outdoor patio.Their cheese plate was pretty puny, but their entrees made up for the meagre showing on the first course.Bar area is really nice. If the wait is long the bartenders are happy to serve you while you peruse the menu.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,7/21/2013,27,54,4,6,4>I was a little wary of the reviews, but after eating here I feel the quality is higher than some of the other reviewers feel, at least in my opinion. Their parking lot is small, but it was easy enough to find somewhere close to park on 7th St. Located inside a large two floor house, it has a warm and comfortable atmosphere. The tables are spread far enough apart to fit a large group, and I like the plethora of TVs to watch any team that's playing. The staff is friendly, the drinks are cold, and the food is flavorful. I enjoyed the calamari, not too chewy with a perfect amount of breading.  The shepherd's pie is meaty and rich, and the grits are creamy. I had a great meal and a great time.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,7/20/2013,19,124,3,8,3>I had been craving Italian for a while and we randomly found this place.  I was so happy when we did - it was exactly what I was missing from the Italian restaurant in NY.  We got fried calamari for an app., which came with plenty of food and the marinara sauce it came with was out of this world!  I got chicken parm for my entree.  It was perfect and it came with a side of spaghetti with their delicious sauce.The service was great and the prices for the quality of food was perfect!!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,7/19/2013,5,36,3,5,4>Hands down this place has the best mojitos in Charlotte!!!  This is the first restaurant that I've been to in this city that puts fresh fruit in their mojitos, I recommend the strawberry and mango ones.The decor and overall atmosphere is really enjoyable, we went on a Friday night when they had live Cuban music.  We were also told that later that night, they'd open up the dance floor for salsa night.The service was very prompt initially, actually too prompt.  I've always had a pet peeve around being given my entree less than 5 minutes after you brought my salad out.  Other than that one slip up, the rest of the service that night was excellent.The food was very fresh and tasty.  I had the calamari, chicken Caesar salad and the Havana Pork.  The calamari was very fresh and had a nice tangy dipping sauce on the side.  I only had a couple bites of the chicken Caesar before my Havana Pork came out, so I can't really comment on the salad since I just had them trash that.  The Havana pork was nicely seasoned and extremely tender.  Based on the way the pork was cooked, I'd recommend their pork dishes to anyone.Pricing is very reasonable, most entrees run between $7-16.  If you're looking for good Cuban food, A Piece of Havana is a great place to go.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,7/18/2013,66,101,1,2,3>You guys.  You guys.  Listen.  You know how people always say that rando hole-in-the-wall places serve the best food?  Well, this is the epitome of that.  I have never in my life tasted ribs so meaty and delicious and tender and smoky and sweet and mouth watering.  I have been in search of good ribs for a long time, and the buck stops at this little tiny eeny weeny spot in Belmont.  And here's the best part - i didn't even order the ribs.  I got the kielbasa, which was also sodelicious.  New made up word, btw.  Huge portions, great prices, sticky tables.  Five thumbs up.Also, I've heard they have a sandwich called the "Porkasaurus", which sounds like a pig eater's dream.  Try this place if you ever find yourself in Belmont, you will not be sad, I promise.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,7/17/2013,155,972,5,8,5>Chocolate. Now that I have your attention, put this on your list to win over your Valentine. Located inside Petite Phillipe on Selwyn.The chocolates are beautiful and taste delicious. You can tell the high quality of the chocolate as you take a bite.The boxed chocolate make lovely gifts for a host, a neighbor, or a sweetheart.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/16/2013,43,407,2,10,4>This place is way too awesome! The grand opening was march 27! The pad thai burger was a great concept, love how warm the buns are and they do not use traditional buns! The sauce is very eclectic and flavorful with a hint of sweetness! The teriyaki burger was just as good, burger with caramelized onion, shitake mushrooms.  This place is actually opened by a vietnamese american. Such an amazing concept, i thought the asian fusion burgers at cowfish were not that authentic. Awesome decoration, I think ambiance is just almost as important as food when a restaurant is trying to convey specific feelings. I think this place will definitely thrive in charlotte, seeing that the asian population is not that large, it serves to please the crowd by stepping away from a traditional asian restaurant but instead turns a a burger place into something ethnic.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,7/15/2013,255,284,2,6,3>Games! Games! Games! And karaoke! Big space for a NoDa bar. It's all about drinking and games here. They have a decent selection of beer, including local crafts. Games range from skee ball, hoop fever, pacman, pool, beer pong, drinking battleship, and out door games (I believe there's twister and giant jenga). Great place to start or end a night. There's a DJ (both music and karaoke) weekend nights, so don't try to use the jukebox then...
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,7/14/2013,62,68,5,5,6>When I think of Woodlands, two thoughts come to mind.  The first: what the heck is a meatosaurus like me doing eating at a vegetarian restaurant?!?  Yeah, it's that good!  And the second: why didn't I know it was so close to where I lived?  That's a dangerous thing for my pocketbook.My go-to dishes here are the Paneer Makhani and the Vegetable Makhani.  The spices are so well balanced that you completely forget there's not an ounce of meat in the place.  And the dosas...  absolutely delicious!My wife has recently gotten into Indian food, so I have a feeling that Woodlands will be a frequented spot for quite a while.  The interior decor is a little dated, and some may look at the location as not the best in the world.  If you're wary about that, they do offer take out.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/13/2013,18,43,4,5,5>Stick to the basics. Don't be an idiot. The same way you don't wander into shady neighborhoods when you're away from home, don't order something you would get at a fancier place when you're at a sports bar. That being said, Tavern on the Tracks serves hearty and great versions of pub food classics. The trick to this is little fan fare (no pun intended), fresh ingredients and meals are prepared to order. All of your simple Gordon Ramsay stuff. The portions are generous and traditional, the way they should be at a sports bar.Cheap beer. Cheap beer that is not Bud, Bud Light or PBR. Which means cheap beer that doesn't taste like used beer or give you a splitting headache and the runs. Tavern runs $3 beer specials on all pints pretty regularly, althought I'm not certaiin which days. This is a pretty large place inside, so if it's not game day or big minor league basketball game, there is no real issue with seating. As mentioned by others, this is definitely a Buffalo Bills bar which means I stay very far away on Sundays, since I'm a Pats fan and don't want to catch LOSER-itis. J/K! I could only wish there was a place this great as a home base for watching a Sunday game.Very important, the atmosphere and people in here are decidedly WAAAYYY less douchey than at some of the other places in this neighborhood. You don't need a silver-plated spoon to ride this train. This is a very laid back bar and has a Northern feel to it.  Keep it simple and that's what the Tavern does. The buffalo tenders and wings here are some of the spiciest I've had in Charlotte. Anyone who says otherwise, did not get the "steam-engine" flavor. Even drunk, finishing all these will be difficult. For any pub, wings are the equivalent of filet for a steakhouse. The fish and chips is another fried greasy hangover comfort remedy that is a can't miss here. I've tried a few of the sandwiches and while not mind-blasting, they are satisfying. This restaurant serves fresh cut fries that are pretty average. While I always go for fresh anything, these fries are pretty limp most of the time. This is the one area that needs improvement. I cannot speak as to the quality of the hamburgers (a true pub food staple) as I rarely get them anymore. Being informed is a great way to ruin your fun. I've heard mixed reviews.I'm not saying that if you order something other than wings or beef on weck, it won't be good, but don't be surprised if the pasta you order is not as great as your favorite Italian joint. In comparison, humble pub food AT A PUB will be the best tasting food to eat of all options. (This service announcement isn't just for this particular restaurant...its a general common sense thing, like put cold stuff in refrigerator). Not sure why I'm so ornery about this today.I don't get the fascination people have with sitting outside on the patio to eat. Most of them don't even smoke. That also being said, the patio is nice and if I had friends, I might understand sitting out on a nice day to have a meal. However, the television sets out there look like something my Dad brought home in 1983.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/12/2013,22,48,3,4,4>OK so my mother-out-of-law is a Thai nut... as a matter of fact the first time i ever ate Thai was with her in California the first time I met her... she knows good Thai and she loves this place and I continue to not be disapointed when dining there since she made this declaration.  The wine list is adequate, the service is acceptably attentive and the Thai dishes and the specials (which encompass all) are thoughtful and well prepared.  Tonight had the scallop green curry and though they were out of aubergine was still spicy and wonderful.  Tuna starter special was great as well with the perfect amount of seaweed salad.  Not really sure how to say one Thia is above another because I have limited expertise, but this place works like a charm for us!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,7/11/2013,126,906,3,4,7>Can't believe I haven't reviewed AM yet!!  Thought I had a long long time ago.  Great great spot in the 4th ward.  I wish I had more excuses to go meet people here and drink and eat.When I used to work downtown I hiked over here (way away from everything downtown) but it is worth it!  If you only have 1hr for lunch... maybe not if you are rushing, but definitely come for dinner or drinks after work.  There's a really cool "neighborhood" feel to this place and everyone is in close quarters, but that's part of the charm of this place.  It's pretty dark and dim at night but it sets a cool mood for hanging out, watching a sports game, or catching up with people over some spirits.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,7/10/2013,73,52,4,9,7>If I could eat at Zeitouni every day of the week, it would not be often enough. Everything I've tried there has been simply outstanding. It's not a fancy place. You walk up to the counter, place your order, and wait. You might wait a while for your food, in fact (because they have a small grill/kitchen/prep area and a line out the door of hungry customers). Finding a table is a bit of a chore, too. Just imagine you're in the middle of NYC awaiting the best Gyros (or other mediterranean treat), and you will feel better about standing around waiting on a table in the middle of a strip mall in Ballantyne. : )I've tried practically everything on the menu, so I can't comment on everything. But.. the standouts to me are: Potato harra (on the side dish menu), Gyros (of course, get the platter, you won't be disappointed when you have leftovers to take home), the hummus and pita, the shawarma.. Geez, it's all so stinkin' good, you just have to go and experience it yourself to understand where I'm coming from, OK? And then write me and tell me you thought of it. Be sure to take some baklava or other sweet treats to go, and buy extra because you'll want to share it with a good friend (if it lasts that long).Delish!!!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,7/9/2013,23,95,1,2,3>I can't believe I used to work just a couple miles from this place and never tried it.  I finally gave it a shot yesterday.  I will definitely be back!The atmosphere was noisy and lively, but not so much so that we couldn't have a conversation.  I enjoyed they wide variety of music playing (I heard everything from Michael Jackson to Iron Maiden to Jay-Z).  There was a pretty good Friday beer special called the "Craft Beer Roulette" where you get a randomly selected craft bottle for $3.  I paired that up with a pterodactyl burger.  I got it ding dong style, which includes slaw and crunchy peanut butter.  I was intrigued by the idea of a burger with peanut butter on it, and was not let down.  It was awesome!  The only reason I couldn't give this place 5 stars was the service.  We had no fewer than 4 of the wait staff stop by at various times during the meal so it was really unclear who was our primary server, and there were a few instances where we needed things and couldn't get the attention of any of them.  But the shaky service one this one occasion is not enough to keep me from going back.  All in all, it was a great experience and I absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, greasy, delicious burger.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,7/8/2013,10,41,2,7,4>Jump right in the margaritas are fine! Its a restaurant with a lot of character. I came on karaoke night which was done completely in Spanish! How awsome is that. From just walking in the door could tell this place wasn't you average Mexican spot. The menu offers what I took to be more traditional Spanish dishes and not just chimis and taco salads.  The service was prompt and adequate to be fair I came late night. I got the milanesa....AMAZING. DEEP FRIED STEAK.  The food put me over the moon and the barkeeps were on it. The food is worth what you pay for. The amount you get on your plate is enough to feed a small family and a horse! Well maybe not the horse too but you won't leave hungry. All and all the restaurant is worth your time believe me you won't be disappointed.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/7/2013,69,121,1,4,2>This was my first time here, since they only opened a week ago, but considering the location is so near my house and the food was so good, I plan to go back!  They have a similar setup to Johnny Burrito, Chipotle, or Salsaritas where you go down an assembly line and pick what you want or you can just order one of their specialty burritos/quesadillas/nachos.I got the fish burrito, which consisted of tilapia, plantains, guacomole, and rice. I also added some black beans in mine. The fish and plantains were cooked once I ordered it, so they tasted very fresh! The guacomole was delicious, it seemed to have a stronger lime taste than most guacomole does. It complimented the tilapia very well. My husband got his standard - a chicken burrito with chicken, cheese, beans, rice, and lettuce. No bells and whistles. I like to tease him about the incredulous reaction of the waitress the first time we went to a Mexican restaurant while dating ("No salsa?! No guacomole?! No NOTHING?!"). This reaction is typical in most Mexican restaurants, but here they hardly batted an eye and his burrito came out exactly the way he likes it.  Both burritos came with a side of fresh tortilla chips and they had a salsa bar full of yummy dips!One thing we both noticed is that the food tasting amazing... and there wasn't much salt in it at all. I'm not sure when salt became equated with flavor, but The Burrito Factory doesn't buy into this. No cotton mouth after eating here! Two thumbs up!!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,7/6/2013,36,23,6,12,7>To give you a little background, I LOATHE carryout.  If I'm going to put on pants and leave the house, I want to be taken care of, not turn right around and drive home to eat and then have to clean up after myself.  Don't get the enjoyment of carryout.  Husband loves it.  HATE it.That said, Thai Thai is the only Thai restaurant from which I'll eat in Charlotte.  They used to have a brick and mortar in what became a sketchy section of town (which is when I started with them), so they moved to this location and are now only carryout.Their food is heaven.  We have a standard order:  lots of fresh spring rolls (vegetarian and full of noodles and vegetables and mint leaves with a peanutty dipping sauce that makes me have bad thoughts), tofu tod (deep fried tofu for the hubby with an even peanuttier dipping sauce), pad thai (no onions, no tofu, extra broccoli for me and no eggs for the hubby).  MmmmmmWhen you call, you will be talking to Pim, who is a treasure.  I'm sure her husband, the cook, is also lovely, but I don't interact with him.  Pim will remember you and the vagaries of your order (see above) and is always super perky without being annoying.  Some other reviews mention that she has sometimes been a little optimistic about wait times, but I've recently heard her tell people on the phone "be over an hour", so she's getting more realistic.  If you'd like a Thai place in Charlotte that can get you food quickly, I can recommend several, but there's a reason Thai Thai has the wait it does.  THE FOOD.LOVE THEM.  Sorry.  I'll quit yelling.  You gotta go.  If only they'd get tables...sigh...
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,7/5/2013,16,48,3,5,4>I've been in a huge Greek kick lately. So after months of being on my "must try" list, I finally took the time to ride the bus down and check out Agora just before they closed on New Years Eve. It was not a disappointment! Being the pinko tree-hugger I am, I came with one canvas shopping bag but could've easily filled two. All that stopped me was knowing I'd have to lug it all home on the bus and on foot. Naturally, relying on public transport and bipedal conveyance tends to move the weight of things near the top of the list of factors one considers when choosing what to buy. In addition to a 4 liter tin of olive oil (approx $16) that would've alone been worth the trip, I picked up some orange blossom water ($3), a couple types of addictive olives ($3-4.50/lb), a block of feta (approx $6), some 7" pitas (approx $1.75 for TEN), a jar of taramosalata (approx $3), a couple cans of yigandes plaki (approx $2.50 each), some interesting nut candies (all affordable) and a few pieces of outstanding fresh made baklava for the ridiculously low low price of 75 cents each! I love Showmars as much as anyone, but Agora is putting them to shame with that 75 cent baklava.Contrasting my experience with what others have written here, I'm guessing the cheese only becomes a good deal when compared to large supermarkets if you buy it in larger quantities. I got a pre-packaged tub of feta in brine and paid about what I've paid at Harris-Teeter. Still, even if the cheese works out to the same price as elsewhere, the variety of hard-to-find specialty stuff and the way lower prices on the things you can get anywhere makes this place worth the trip. Given how vital seafood and greens are to the Greek diet, it would be nice to see them add a small produce and (if necessary, frozen) meat/seafood section similar to what one finds in equivalent Asian markets. But alas, they probably don't have the space without getting rid of something else. Still, even if the store remains the same, I'm a big fan. And since 4 liters of olive oil should last me ages, I can't wait to go back and pick up some things I had to sacrifice for weight and space constraints on the first trip. I'm thinking some spanakopita, loukoumi, and by Zeus's beard, a ton of cheese. You can believe that!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/4/2013,43,208,3,4,3>We went here for dinner twice.  It has a nice atmosphere and overall we had a great food, drink, and service experience.  This will be a new staple for me.Food:Please do yourself a favor and order the Cast Iron Cornbread...just do it.  No butter/honey needed.  It is more like a dessert, but if you just order this and a couple of drinks, you would be satisfied with your experience.For dinner we had the Filet Medallions (good as expected) and the Slow Roasted Chicken.  The Slow Roasted Chicken was great.  The glaze on it was delicious and was my favorite entree.Dessert was not a disappointment either.  The PB Pie was massive and just had tons of good stuff going on in it.  PB, whipped cream, chocolate, etc.Drinks:All the drinks were good, but the mojito was memorable for me.  Tastes great and is stronger than expected.Service:We have had great servers/service both time.  Completely satsfied.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,7/3/2013,39,77,3,7,3>For the longest time, I was under the impression that Bricktops was a pizza joint, albeit one of those "upscale" ones where they smother your wood-fired pizza with food stuffs that simply don't belong on a pizza. Salmon? Are you kidding me? But I was mistaken, and gladly so. I was pleasantly surprised with Bricktops upon my first visit, and I've been there 3 times since. And each time I've eaten at Bricktops, my dining experience has been better than the previous time. My first time, I popped my cherry there with a cheeseburger. I figure if you can't screw up a cheeseburger, then you're likely to know what you're doing in the kitchen. Bricktops passed this test with flying colors. One of the best cheeseburgers in town, no joke, and complimented pleasantly with a very generous serving of shoestring fries. First visit, color me impressed.Second time around, my family and I dined there on New Year's Eve. A bit of trepidation surrounded my dining experience at first; I've been to several NYE dine-ins that have been nothing short of awful because of the importance of the holiday and a stunning lack of planning on a restaurant's management's part. But not at Bricktops. Reservations were honored without fail, our meal prepared with the utmost attention to detail and taste, and our waiter was very friendly and attentive, despite the buzz and the clamor in the air. I opted for the Parmesan Crusted Chicken, which was wonderful. Nothing beats chicken so tender you can fork it. My wife chose a New York Strip, Pittsburgh style, which she thought was very delicious. I sampled a couple of bites. Unbelievably tasty. My daughter loved her salmon and noodles, and for eating her plate clean, she was rewarded with a bowl of vanilla ice cream. Not just frozen, store-bought ice cream, but fresh-churned ice cream, the vanilla tasting of real vanilla bean. I can't say who enjoyed this more, my daughter or me.Last visit there, I chose the veggie burger. Pardon my french, but HOLY SHIT, that is one spectacular veggie burger! Listen, just run there right now and try it. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.A word about the Deviled Eggs & Sugared Bacon: what you've heard about this sinful delicacy is true. You can't just eat them. You find yourself DEVOURING them. Order a plate for you and your sweetie, and a fight for the last strip of bacon and the last sliced egg may break out, and it's gonna get ugly. So order two plates, one for you and one for him/her. Your relationship will be the better for it.After 3 visits - and possibly a fourth coming this weekend - I can easily make the claim that Bricktops has become my favorite, go-to eatery in the Queen City, replacing my one-beloved 131 Main.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/2/2013,140,70,5,9,4>Holy tap-dancing Christo!  This place is, "Is that a solar system in your restaurant? Because your food is out of this world good."  To preface, I went into this day a little tired and completely unaware of what was going to happen.  A friend recommended we mix up our normal Sunday routine of the Flying Biscuit and try out Fenwick's.... Which most people had never heard of - but this guy is cute and has great taste so sure, we were on board.  I've probably driven by this restaurant well over 50 times and never thought anything of it.  It's kind of like the girl next store... adorable and unassuming, but then you get one taste and boom! You're hooked.  Let's start by saying that we had a group of 16 people and this place probably seats 25-30 MAX.  We walked in without any reservations or heads up and they were all smiles and let us rearrange their restaurant at our leisure.  Some customers even moved seats to make more room - amazing.  From the moment we sat down service was attentive and friendly and constantly throughout the meal our group kept saying "I feel like they care about me" or "I feel like I'm at home."  What better compliment can you give?But here's the cincher - the FOOD.  There were about 6 specials that our waitress told us about - all of them which made me drool.   I had to go with the (WAIT FOR IT)......... Nutella stuffed, Captain Crunch rolled, Brioche covered in chocolate and bananas.  WHAT!?  Somebody pinch me, did she say Captain Crunch AND Nutella?!  So that was an obvious hit...over the fence world series kind of thing.  But out of the 16 people in our group everyone got a pretty varied menu: omelets, quiche, benedict, breakfast specials, caramel apple pancakes, banana foster pancakes, grits, etc.   Group consensus?  Absolutely 100% yes I would do that again and pay twice the price it was so good.So overall, you should probably stop whatever you're doing, quit your job and see if you can live in Fenwick's.  Top 5 places in Charlotte.  My 2013 challenge?  Try everything on Fenwick's menu.  Amen to this place, Love at first taste.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/1/2013,9,106,2,3,2>Amazing! We love Cooper...it is our all time favorite restaurant! Every single time we come we have a wonderful experience... The atmosphere is inviting, the service suburb and the food consistently excellent! Once you have had Cooper... No other Indian food compares. The chicken tikka masala is heaven!!!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,6/30/2013,40,151,1,6,3>I read so many bad reviews early on that I only tried the new La Paz location because someone else in our group picked the location. I was so surprised that I really liked it! They have an awesome margarita menu, a unique wine list and almost anything you could ask for on a Tex-Mex menu. The food was fresh, hot and came in big potions- very good for sharing. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,6/29/2013,176,148,3,4,3>Kudos to my fellow Yelpers that drew me here. New Zealand Café is a small, cozy sushi joint tucked away in the strip mall. What I like the most is their wide selection of both hot foods and sushi. Maybe it is the Japanese hospitality, but the servers were all extremely nice. For sushi, I had a tuna hand roll, tuna, Iidako (baby octopus), salmon roe and tamago nigiri. They all lived up to my expectations. On top of that, they even gave me an extra baby octopus! On the benzo side, everything was very standard, well-executed. I would highly recommend the black pepper steak. Overall it was a good experience, and I'll be back soon.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,6/28/2013,34,33,3,6,3>So, I will admit it, I was being a yoga studio whore for a minute when I first moved to Charlotte. I tried out quite a few studios, and really like them all, but felt like something was missing. Someone asked to me go to Yoga One with them in October and I have been hooked ever since. First, I love the different classes that they offer and as much as I grumbled about it when it happened, they change the times of the classes after the first of the year to switch things up and make classes accessible to everyone. They have beginner classes that are helpful to even the most advanced yogi's, everyone can use a refresher course. They offer a Foundations class- which in my opinion is the most undervalued class that they have. I learned so much about the different poses that dramatically improved my practice every time I went to a class. Instructors- All the instructors are great here, but they are so diverse and different in personality and teaching style, you will definitely find one that fits you. For example, I prefer to end my work week on the mat on Friday nights with Fauna and deep stretch the week's tension away. Tuesday- I like to let it begin with Stephanie for 90 minutes and Thursdays, I like to stay inspired with Rian. All the instructors are so nice and helpful, which is why I continue going to Yoga One. The environment is super open and relaxing and they are always willingly to help, adjust or correct you. I am so happy I have found Yoga One!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/27/2013,9,39,3,5,4>Tried this with a girlfriend and was blown away by the quality of the food.  We started at the bar with drinks, and the cocktails were fantastic--hand-muddled basil, a terrific old-fashioned, some great martinis.  Then we moved to dinner in the dining room.  Both of us had burgers, and the meat was ground fresh that morning.  Probably the best burger I've had in ages--it was so moist and juicy.  I got the bacon cheeseburger (and I rarely get cheeseburgers, but I knew this one would be good) and it was just delectable.  Before this, I would've said my favorite burger was at Fran's, but I think this surpassed it.  My friend got her burger medium rare, but it was so fresh we weren't even worried about the meat quality.  Then the owner came around and talked to us--very charming.  And the wine pours were impressive!I'd go back in a heartbeat.  It's not in my neighborhood--it's in Cotswold, and I'm in Dilworth--but I'll move around for that food.  And I thought the prices seemed incredibly reasonable.  Yes, yes, yes.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,6/26/2013,12,112,2,2,2>Gorgeous furniture! We bought our couch from high cotton. LeeAnn helped us throughout the entire process. A month or so after we made our purchase, we had button come off of one of the cushions. We called LeeAnn and she sent someone from the store out to our home to fix it for free. Great customer service. We will definitely be back for more when we are in need!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,6/25/2013,104,306,8,11,5>When you go in for your free consultation, you better have no problems sitting and standing. It's been several months, but i sat in like 9 different seats during that initial visit. Waiting room, initial eye check, measurement, several other measurements, exam room, payment planning room. Not saying it was bad, i just found it amusing. If you're a candidate for Lasik, there is no asking if you'd be interested or go home and think about it. They immediately schedule you and get the deposit. I left thinking, did i really just make that decision?  So good sales technique on their part. In the end i'm happy i did.Unlike Bejamin G, i did not receive any follow up calls, but the staff was friendly and pretty on top of everything. Dr. Christenbury is very encouraging throughout the procedure and afterwards. One reason they are not 5 stars was i ended up sitting in a room for at least 40 minutes for the doc to come in for 30 seconds and tell me everything looked good. My only other gripe was they shrugged off the idea that my insurance would help at all saying with the $1000 off deal (which seems to be constantly offered) it comes out cheaper. Overall, i'm satisfied with my no longer having to wear contacts. So far, it's been about a month after my Lasik and i can see clearly now, a little dryness still when i wake up, but a rewetting drop and i'm good to go. Just went in for the one month follow up and i'm seeing at least 20/20. When i first went in, they had a thing If you like them on Facebook and show them, you get a Starbucks gift card. i'm usually so stingy with my likes...i feel cheap.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,6/24/2013,6,76,2,2,2>Went here based on the referral of a friend and couldn't have been happier with this place.  It's over near the Triple C Brewing Company at the south end of Southend.  Real cool vibe when you walk in - lots of different styles of bicycles and gear.  They even have cool earrings made out of things like bottle caps and small bicycle parts.  As an old codger, I'm not nearly cool enough to comment on all the coolness so I'll stop there.My wife wanted me to womanize her Cruiser bicycle as a Christmas gift.  Yes, a Cruiser is already a womanly bicycle.  But she wanted to womanize it even more by getting one of them big ole baskets on the front.  Sorry, I've just yet to see a guy on a bicycle with a big basket on front.  Not counting Pee Wee Herman of course (or were his baskets on the back?)This is all in an effort to continue the evolution to car-less-ness.  This way, my wife can bike to the store and farmer markets for groceries and produce - she's like a yellow belt on her way to eco-warrior status.  The Cruiser also only has three gears and it's hard to go up hills.  I had to get that remedied as well.But I don't have a clue about bicycles and John, the guy working here, was great.  He got everything done in one week, well before Christmas.  Price seemed very reasonable too.  Everything including a tune-up was around $100.Thank you John and Spoke Easy!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,6/23/2013,52,54,7,19,15>East Charlotte is like the ethnic food/anti chain neighborhood of Charlotte, full of family run restaurants. There are so many I want to try, but just can't get past Mily & Lalo. The house it's located in was a Thai restaurant back in the day, and still retains the ornately carved bar. It's lovely and unique; no sense getting rid of it. Not for the carbaphobe, this is some heavy food. Some of the plates feature a salad, but it's seems sort of an afterthought or garnish. If you can get past that there is plenty of good eating. The meal always starts with a basket of fried yuca bread which is gluten free! Warm and steamy with a very slight sweet taste and is absolutely delicious. It is served with a spicy salsa that is either a creme de rocato or aji sauce. Dipped everything I could into it to try and figure out what it was made of; requested more when I ran out. Seems to be either heavy cream with chili, lime and maybe a bit of horseradish or mustard. I could do shots of this. Appetizers are so reasonably priced, why not get two? We always start with the potato and beet salad, probably one of the lighter items. It also includes green beans and peas in a light mayo like dressing. It is a perfect foil to the beef heart kebabs, which are tender yet slightly chewy with a marvelous smoky grilled flavor. It's really good with the previously mentioned chili sauce.The entrees are enormous. Ceviche is always fresh tasting and tangy with a hint of hot spice. The corn, marinated red onions and sweet potatoes that it is served with provide a nice contrast. There is a steak dish served with eggs, french fries, rice and fried banana's that is massive and filling. The rotisserie chicken is juicy and flavorful and served with plenty of fries. You will not leave hungry.As for dessert, their rice pudding is simple and yummy, redolent of cinnamon and clove. After missing out on the mazzamorra moradaI finally got there on a day that they had it available. You can order it straight or get it on top of the rice pudding. It was like eating a from a jar of  lightly sweetened room temperature blackberry jam, with a gooey texture and chunks of fruit. Unique and delicious. Next time I will get it on top of the rice pudding, it sounds like a beautiful marriage.Check it out, the menu has a lot of variety and surely there will be something you will want to try. There are so many dishes I wish to try, so I will return.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,6/22/2013,5,38,2,5,5>One of the most interesting food spots in Charlotte.But I never actually get a crepe here?..The specials always look amazing, and we ALWAYS get whatever the mussels preparation is.I haven't ever had a bad meal, or known someone who wasn't totally satisfied by coming here.NOTE: Great spot to mix wine and appetizers if you're in the mood to pick at lots of different things!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,6/21/2013,89,238,6,4,3>Why haven't you been here yet?? I bet you drive past here ALL DA TIME. I know I do. I finally went inside today. No idea what is so intimidating about a barn in Dilworth but I'm glad I stepped out of my comfort zone. Lunch (hot lunch too) is served from 11am - three pm on weekdays. (I think) I've only been once. I don't know all the scheduling yet. When you listy people make yoru lists of vegan/healthy/vegetarian don't forget Berrybrook farm. It is all that and a store. The store scared the crap out of me. Its like the TJ MAXX of health food (in a good way.) Focus on the juices and smoothies and salads and soups and sandwiches. All super affordable (well be careful with your juice add ons young grasshopper those can be a wee bit pricey- but consider it a meal and your sticker shock will ebb.) Most items are between $3.50 and seven bucks. I felt pretty darn good after eating my curried tomato soup too. Minus one star for horrific parking.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,6/20/2013,8,85,1,10,4>I cannot believe I have not reviewed this bakery gem, this little slice of Heaven, the sugary wonder, my sweet and reliable Suarez Bakery.  Cream Horns-- seriously, the flakiest pastry shell, sprinkled with powdered sugar and filled full of the lightest, fluffiest frosting-like fill.  Snickerdoodles-- cinnamon sugar yuminess on top of an elephant ear like cookie/pastry.  Elephant Ears-- a huge treat that is as large as a 5 year old's head (really).Sugar cookies-- all shapes and decorations, perfectly sweetened to be able to eat several without feeling ill!  --- They also make these to order--- perfect for school parties that require cookies for decorating and the mom who does not bake!Cupcakes-- all different flavors.  Delicious and lovely.Cakes-- Tizzerts.  Need I say more?  Just the best cake you can put in your mouth... Our wedding cake was Tizzerts, and have had several other special occasion cakes from Tiz.Thumb print cookies--  perfect for the little bit of sweet tooth, a small sugar cookie/ shortbread like cookie, topped with a smudge of frosting (this is my go-to treat).I do not have a sweet tooth like the rest of my family.  So my go-to is the thumb print cookie but, even without a sweet tooth, the temptations of all this goodness cannot be resisted.   We celebrate milestones and accomplishments and hard days and completed projects by occasionally popping into Suarez and picking out a delectable treat.  -- Seriously, the made to order cookies have saved me for years as a room mother who cannot bake--
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/19/2013,49,306,3,6,4>This review is really about Jeff King, one of the agents at Savvy.Jeff helped us find a house in Plaza Midwood, and simultaneously helped us sell our last house, also in Plaza Midwood.  We wound up finding a great house only a block and a half from our old one.Jeff really impressed us with his knowledge of the state of Plaza Midwood real estate.  He specializes in this area and it showed.He also bent over backwards to make things run smoothly, and was in constant contact with every development.In the end, what could have been a very stressful ordeal went very smoothly.  We closed on the sale of our old house days after moving into the new one.  Without Jeff's guidance, I doubt that would have been possible.Thanks, Jeff!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,6/18/2013,87,79,2,4,3>I'll do a quick lunch during the week by myself. Catch me devouring their grilled cheese and tomato soup and chase it w an espresso. I'll meet up w a few girl friends for wine and tapas on a Wednesday or Thursday night. We drink red and kvetch about men. Shocker. Once in a blue moon I'll venture Uptown on a Saturday night for someone's bday or other celebration and can usually convince the group to go here for dancing and drinking on the second floor. Affordable, heavy pour, top shelf Vodka drinks and booty shaking music for_the_win. I will say the crowd can veer toward early to mid 20s raucous and may exhibit slappable behavior but that just goes w the territory. Brunch selection and chillax vibe on Sunday has been enjoyed by little dude, myself, and my bro many times. We always enjoy it. If I lived and/or hung out Uptown way more than I do I'd be the Duchess of Dandelion Market. For real. I really like this place.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,6/17/2013,30,112,5,7,3>We've been fairly disappointed with the Indian food in the Charlotte area, so we stopped in to Nirvana with low expectations. We left with a new go-to place for Indian. AtmosphereThe atmosphere is slightly upscale, though it's comfortable enough for jeans and a nice shirt. Nice Indian music was playing and we had a comfortable booth by the window. The place is smallish, in a typical plaza storefront box, but done very nicely. ServiceWe received service on par with other Indian restaurants I've been to. That is to say, it was everything you need and nothing more. I'm a fan of this, as I am there to eat and not chit chat with an overzealous waiter. FoodPerfect. Everything was delicious. Rich sauces without being too rich. Buttery Naan bread without being too buttery. Filling without being too heavy. Complex layers of flavor that make you think that Indian chefs are magicians more than chefs. We had the Naan bread where you get to pick 3. My favorite was the fruit and nut Naan, it was like a mildly sweet dessert. Everything was perfectly cooked and stunningly delicious. My wife and I ordered 1 appetizer, 1 meal and the Naan, and left full and had enough for leftovers.CostWe found it to be a bit more expensive than other Indian restaurants in the area, but well worth it for the increased quality and taste. If you are in the Ballentine area (slightly north?) it's a great place for a fantastic dinner.Celebrity most likely to enjoy eating here: Tina Fey. She would butcher the names of the food but she'd eat it like there's no tomorrow.  Half hour to live and I have to get my last meal here: I'll just tilt my head back and you can cram as much malai kofta in there as possible.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,6/16/2013,25,55,3,5,5>Any place that has excellent sangria and is sweet to my kid in her high chair is a success in my book!  I've been here twice--once for late night drinks with some girlfriends and another time for dinner with my husband and 16 month old.  It's rare a place can be a good fit for both but I had a great time both nights!The food was delicious: You've got to have the street tacos for sure.  My favorite was the chili lime shrimp taco which has jicama mango slaw, yumm!  I also liked the jalapeno mahi and the pork.  The guacamole is mediocre and kind of small (well...compared to guacs the size of your head at other restaurants) so I don't recommend that as your app--luckily you have several app choices and the good ole' staple salsa hit the spot.  All the servers were extremely nice and helpful.  I'll keep recommending this one!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,6/15/2013,108,93,1,3,2>I just moved to the Eastland neighborhood and have been trying out all the fantastic Honduran, Vietnamese and Salvadoran places. But when I want a reliable slice of Americana (or Mediterranean), I go to Landmark. So far, I haven't gone wrong with mousaka, lasagna, spanikopita (sp?) etc. The environment is old school, well kept and clean. And their hours are great as their prices.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/14/2013,52,180,2,3,2>I visited this restaurant for the first time on Tuesday and it was quite an experience. While first walking in, it reminded me of Waffle House, however the environment was different and I don't believe it is a chain restaurant. My server for the morning was a woman named Dana, and she was very nice, respectful, helpful and patient (because the person I was with was ordering a large amount of food). She even helped him figure out how to get everything he wanted at the lowest price possible. He ordered some of the chicken wings they have on the menu, and they were some of the best looking chicken wings I have seen in my life. Plus they weren't baby wings, they were full large sized wings. I wanted to try them but sadly, I'm allergic to wheat. My food (hashbrowns and bacon) was good. I had already eaten prior to going to the restaurant, therefore I did not order much. My food was great though and so was service.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,6/13/2013,53,163,3,5,3>I have lived down the street from The Dog Bar for over 5 years but only ventured in this past Fall when my sister got a pup.  It is really great for not just the dogs but the humans too!  They have great beer on tap, prices are very reasonable, bartenders always friendly and there are cute dogs running around having a blast!When we bring the puppy here she is legit tired for the next 3 days, its a great way for her to socialize and us too.  99% of the people I have encountered here are great except you do sometimes get people who openly admit to not liking dogs and then get mad when one of them jumps on them, uh hello its a dog bar don't come in if you can't deal with that!!My only tiny complaint is that there are times when the bathroom smells like the dogs and maybe some cats have been using it, but other than that it is surprisingly clean and people are good about cleaning up after the dogs.  Overall though I really like it here and will continue to come down so the puppy can get her play time and I can get my drink time in!!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/12/2013,81,304,4,7,4>This is a really cute business.  It's basically a baby Whole Foods or Earth Fare - everything available is somewhere high up on the "crunchy" spectrum.  Lots of nursing supplies and peripherals - pumps, wraps, pillows, creams - but organic formulas too.  For older kids, Earth's Best food, non pvc/bpa feeding supplies. Some toys, lots of lotions and ointments and cleaning products.  The star attraction in my opinion is the massive cloth diaper selection.  I have not been able to find such a variety of CDs in any brick-and-mortar store in Charlotte.  They had a half off sale on Kissas products when I came by so I finally bought some fitteds - I'm more of a pocket girl. They have disposables as well, 7th Generation and Naty.  There are a few needs they don't fill - safety products for one, and they have only a few toys. It's very much a "grocery" oriented store.The price point is higher. There's no escaping that in a store of this kind.  But they do seem to have some good sales and they have a reward program - spend so much, get a bit in never-expiring "babybucks" for a future purchase.  It's not terribly far from BBB and BRU, so if your green needs aren't satisfied there, check this place out.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,6/11/2013,28,98,4,7,5>Once upon a time, there was an amazing burger place right outside of SouthPark Mall: The Counter. This place was amazing, and when it closed I was devastated. Once it was replaced with The Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar, my grief quickly went away. The Cowfish is absolutely amazing. It's owned by the same people who own eeZ in Birkdale, and having dined there, I knew the food would be delicious &amp; inventive, and I was absolutely right. But then again, I'm always right =)The Cowfish has the traditional style rolls (Philly, rainbow, etc) and a huge list of wildly inventive &amp; exotic rolls to choose from as well. When Graham &amp; I visited the day after Christmas, I wanted to try something different than I had ordered on previous visits. We decided on three (although I wanted about ten...), one from each section: the rainbow (a traditional roll), the blackened tuna (a more unique/fusion style roll) &amp; the Doug's Filet Roll (burgushi).I'll start with the burgushi, because it's what makes The Cowfish stand out above other sushi restaurants (and Charlotte has a TON of them!). Burgushi is taking the elements of a burger and making it into a sushi roll, or taking the elements of a sushi roll and making it into a burger/sandwich.This was amazing. It was a Philly roll, topped with a piece of seared filet mignon, spicy sauce, scallions & masago. Absolutely amazing. I could even look past the blob of cream cheese (which I HATE in sushi). The roll was enormous, but everything about it was perfect, I really loved the spicy sauce and the very mild flavor of the filet. This is definitely my favorite item on the "burgushi" part of the menu, so far. The Rainbow Roll was, of course, my favorite. It was a California roll topped with assorted fish & spicy sauce. The fish was fresh & firm, the sauce was nice & didn't overpower the roll. I absolutely hate it when there is so much sauce you can't really taste anything else. I would have been more than happy to eat this all day. The last roll we had was the blackened tuna: Lump crabcake mix & cream cheese inside, rolled in temoura flakes, topped with blackened tuna, guacamole & a slice of jalepeno. While this roll was good, it didn't compare to the other two. The roll tasted dry & the slice of jalapeno was completely overpowering. However, the guacamole was a nice touch and absolutely delicious. I removed the jalapeno and added a different kind of heat with a little srirachia. It was a better flavor combination, in my opinion and I enjoyed the remaining pieces a lot more with this change. Not only was the food excellent during our lunch time visit, but the service was excellent as well. Our server took the time to go over every single aspect of the menu, and gave us a recommendation out of each category. The Filet Roll was one of her suggestions, and I'm so glad we went with that. My ONLY complaint here is that they are always busy, and they only take reservations from 11:00-6:00, which makes zero sense to me. Especially since most of the shops in the area (excluding the mall), close at 6:00 or 7:00. Lunch patrons can browse & shop while waiting for a table. Dinner patrons can not. I had wanted to eat here for our anniversary, but knew we would have to either wait forever or eat at the bar, so we changed our plans. We still had to wait, but 15 minutes isn't too bad in the grand scheme of things. Last time I went was on a Thursday night, and the wait was much, much longer so we ended up dining at the bar. Fine for a dinner with a friend, not as okay for an anniversary dinner with your husband. However, this place is worth the wait and I can not wait to go back on my next trip home.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/10/2013,75,60,4,5,3>By far, my favorite thrift store in Charlotte. This place has such amazing prices for amazing quality. I can never go into here and not walk out empty handed. I collect vinyl records and I consider myself a connoisseur of ugly, "grandpa" sweaters, and value village has a plethora of both. Wednesday's are also 50% off on clothes. :D
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,6/9/2013,76,167,1,4,3>With 259 previous reviews, I'm not sure I can add much more but I'm going to give it a whirl!  Amelies is an ecclectic, unique french bakery located in the heart of NoDa.  However, unlike other favorite NoDa spots, Amelies has a private parking lot.  And, I do appreciate that since I was towed once having dinner at Cabo Fish Taco, but I digress.  Highlights: open 24 hours a day, free wi-fi access, amazing pastries, delicious sandwiches if you're a tad more hungry, and some great coffees!  Perhaps I'm most appreciative of the oversized, comfy couches and chairs located toward the back of the bakery.  I just melt right into them and then don't want to do any school work which is usually my intent when I make the trek into visit.  The staff have always been very friendly.  However, I'm not totally clear on whether you are supposed to leave your dishes behind or find one of those dishes buckets and put things away yourself.  I get the sense that either is acceptable.The art work, antiques, piano and other trinkets are always fun to look at!  I'd recommend coming to Amelie's for: 1) some after bar hopping treats, 2) a place to bunker in and do some work with the free wi-fi and pastries, and 3) the dessert ending to a perfect date!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,6/8/2013,42,144,2,5,4>Yay, arepas! I hit up this place on a chilly Saturday afternoon while I was out and about and hungry.  When I walked in the first thing I noticed was that the it smelled really delicious inside the restaurant. The place is in an odd little strip mall next to the train tracks and it has zero atmosphere, but the minute I smelled what was going on in there I did not care one bit. I started my arepa explorations with a Pelua, which is beef and gouda cheese. I'm going to go ahead and say that that was the most delicious thing that I've put in my mouth in Charlotte so far this year. A vegetarian arepa (the La Del Gato) with cheese, plantains and avocado was also pretty tasty, although it could have used more plantains and less avocado for balance and flavor. The fresh cheese is out of this world, though. I will definitely be going back. It sounds like this place is doing well, too -- the guy working the counter said he was still cleaning up after a massive lunch rush when I got there just before 2.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,6/7/2013,487,106,3,9,5>I've decided that this is my favorite Vietnamese spot in Charlotte. Don't get me wrong, I like Saigon palace, Vietnam Grille, and even Akahana (over in Plaza Midwood...I know I know, that's more "fusion-y" but I digress)I like Doan's the best because it has everything that I like (and would care to order)and does everything that I like very well. Some restaurants you keep coming back to because of a signature dish. I keep coming back here when I know that I want Vietnamese, but not sure exactly what I'm in the mood for, and not once has it disappointed. Pho-checkSpring rolls-check Rice paper rolls-checkBun bo hue-check Bo Luc lac- check Banh mi-check Hot pot- checkAnd even more...I'm not going to get caught up in the debate as to who has the best pho or anything like that. To be honest, everywhere I've ordered pho since moving to Charlotte has made it pretty well. No complaints.But Doans wins, hands down, because it has it all...for me at least. And all that I've listed above, I've tried and have been happy and satisfied each time.To top it off, I like the inside of Doans. It's not particularly fancy or especially plain. It's very clean and has a good atmosphere for a casual meal. The service is terrific and everyone treats you very well in there. It's also a good value too. They have daily specials. (keep an eye out for those) also it's Not too pricey. And personally I think that the portions are fine.All in all an A from me. Definitely recommend!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,6/6/2013,60,146,3,4,3>So excited about getting a Crepe café so close to home! We tried it today for breakfast crepes - it was great! I had the "create your own" -with egg & cheese and I added spinach, shrooms, and ham - that was one giant crepe! They have locally roasted coffee, tea  and a small selection of other drinks. I would be really happy if they had wine or cocktails for a nice after-dinner dessert spot. Maybe we can get them partnered up with the Black Chicken...hmmm? Will definitely be back soon - hopefully for the nutella & strawberry!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,6/5/2013,105,53,3,4,4>Delicious! I love the salmon and lamb dishes. Their buffet on the weekends has a great variety and excellent flavor. The wait staff are enthusiastic and give great advice for helping choice a meal. They also know their food inside and out. I always come here with my Indian friends and try what they suggest. We all love it. You cannot go wrong with the Blue Taj!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,6/4/2013,12,77,2,6,5>Kudos to the Yelp newsletter for featuring this little gem, tucked away in Matthews. I had no idea there was a juice bar so close to my house... I wish I had known about them sooner. But no time-a-wastin' now. I've been here three times in a week and am taking my husband here this week for a lunch date.I've gotten something different every time (so many juice & smoothie options to choose from, I wonder how long it will take me to try them all!). If you've never tried juicing before, ask the super friendly staff for a recommendation. Be forewarned that some of the juices are a questionable color, but they juice all the fruits & veggies right in front of you, so you know exactly what you're getting and you'll just have to get past the color so you can enjoy all the health benefits of freshly-pressed juice.If you're looking for something more substantial, the food options are not be overlooked either - from the salads to soups to the chicken wrap - all delicious!Oh, and get this - they rent juicers! If you want to try juicing at home, ask for the details on that. I'm going to give it a try very soon.Next time you're in the area and craving something fresh & healthy from a local business, be sure to visit Natural Blendz! And be on the lookout for me, as there's a good chance I'm there trying out a new juice.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,6/3/2013,63,90,1,6,3>I had no trouble scheduling an appointment the day before I went. My appointment was at 6 pm and left about 10 min before closing time at 7. My Living Social pedicure was good enough that I asked the nail tech for her name (Kim). Kim scrubbed and lotioned my legs, was very thorough with the callous removal, and massaged my feet for what seemed like a long time. My toes even cracked. :) I left with well-groomed toenails and relaxed, soft feet which is a feat when you consider I have wide feet with high arches, so I get calluses like it's my job. The polish seems to be lasting well too. It's not super fancy (don't expect drinks like at some other salons), but it was good service at a nice price.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,6/2/2013,125,274,2,3,2>I can make this very simple and break this review down into a few categories:Ambiance/Service:Decent.  We were here on a Sunday night so I understand things are slow and everyone is looking to just get home and watch the games they DVR'd.  But, I just wasn't that impressed when we first arrived.  I mean, you just don't get the feel that this is a high-end, special-occassion restaurant.  We stood there by the hostess stand for several minutes without being greeted by anyone.  The bar was right to our left and the bartender appeared to be busy even though her bar was empty.  Eventually, she came over and we realized it was her job to greet and seat--she acted as if we bothered her with our presence.  We didn't like the vibe upon arrival AT all.  We were celebrating a special occasion and I don't fault them for not knowing that but I was for sure rubbed the wrong way--RIGHT away.  Since the prices compare, I was expecting this to be similar to a Sullivan's or Ruth's Chris in terms of atmosphere, service and professionalism...not even close and those are chains!!We decided not to let mrs empty bar but busy bother us.  Our waiter was very nice and very accommodating.  I wouldn't say he was polished and professional but maybe I was looking for too much.  Food/Wine:The wine selections were plenty and they had 1/2 priced bottles that night!  Nice deal and reasonably priced.We ordered the garlic and goat cheese appetizer based on the waiter's recommendation...It was..hmmm..let's see....it was good.  I mean, it was goat cheese so how couldn't it be?  I think we were expecting a dip but instead it was a block of goat cheese sitting in olive oil with chunks of garlic surrounding it.  It was served with pita bread so you could spread the garlic and goat cheese over the bread.  It was good but nothing special.I ordered the grouper and it was divine.  It was buttery, flaky and a nice chunk of fish.  It had a creamy drizzle on top with tasty, juicy and sweet lump crab on top.  It was amazing.  It was served over a potato cake that was fresh and full of flavor.  It truly was incredible.  I HOUSED every bite, left nothing.Hubby tried the pan seared trout that was served with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  He LOVED it.  The trout was tender, good flavor, fresh, etc.  Everything you would want from a fish dish.  Excellent.  Well done.We didn't get to try the desserts but we are told they are amazing.  I would return but not for a special occasion.  I don't think they have the service situation locked down yet so I would go with low expectations and just for a regular night out.  I'm curious about their steak and how it compares to other places in Charlotte so may give that a shot.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/1/2013,30,130,1,4,2>I was sitting here at work and kept hearing so many great things about Persis.  And finally got an opportunity to go with family and good friend.  The buffet was very good. Loved the pani puri and fruit custard.   Persis is known for great biryani.  They lived up to reputation.  Looking forward to return visit.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,5/31/2013,74,148,1,5,4>The only major complaint I have is the location as far as access. If you're coming from Uptown, Bean is located on the other side of E. Indy so you'll have to pass it on your left and take the next exit to make a loopty loop to hit it. Food is good and fairly priced for being all vegan. I went with their fried pickles for apps. Served with their homemade ranch dressing and for my entree I went with their Crabbie Patty sandwich served with their version of A Thousand Island dressing. Their fried pickles were little on the greasy side than I'd prefer but hey, it's southern style so I guess it's expected. Crabbie Patty was great and filling. Staff is friendly, good service and knowledgeable. I will definitely come back for more.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/30/2013,84,107,1,4,3>I had the distinct pleasure of dining at Customshop last Friday. The weather was icy and foreign to Charlotte. When we called earlier, they said they would be closing at 10p. Deep in conversation, the staff patiently waited and did not rush us out as we were there well past 10p. We selected several cheese and charcuteries and begin with malbacs and smooth  bordeaux (a must try)!We shared the duck breast. I read reviews about it being cooked in a variety of ways and my date was kind enough to ask for recommendations, per the chef that evening. We requested it med. well and it was more undercooked. I would definitely return to try more items as the atmosphere was very sleek and romantic and service was impeccable!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,5/29/2013,143,211,4,4,3>Jalapeno pale ale....maybe a little crazy....but so good. I have been going to Birdsong since they first opened. I have always enjoyed their Free Will. They have made a couple new brews as of late that I sampled and all are really good. I love that they are right across the way from Noda Brewery and tend to always go to both of them during my visits. I love the games and the free peanuts. For the quality of the beer, I feel the prices are really good. Hoping to see some additional brews in the future.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/28/2013,56,14,3,10,8>Full disclaimer:  I know the owner, Randy Garcia, so I want you to know that if I hadn't enjoyed the food, I would just not talk about it. Who wants to refer someone to a place that's bad? Not me.A group of nine of us (all girls) went last night and it's easy to order (order at counter, self serve your drinks and sit while they prepare your food to order). I had this amazing Fried Rice dish with chicken. Savory, fresh and full of flavor. I also got the appetizer with fries and chozio that comes with three dipping sauces. I think almost everything on the menu was ordered by someone at our table and we shared our food with each other as we caught up on our lives. They have delivery and take-out is quick and easy, as is the parking right across the street. It's also one of those places that you can grab a quick bite to eat while your by yourself without feeling odd about dining alone. And speak of dining, the dining area is a little small, but there's a heated seating area that looked to be quite large and they welcome pets there.I should have grabbed a menu so that I could be more intelligent about describing what we ordered, but you'll just have to take my word for it. This place is that good!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,5/27/2013,179,499,3,7,4>It's a great addition for the city of Charlotte! Loaded with fun and nightlife with restaurants, bars and clubs for locals and visitors to enjoy!Some of my friends were in town for the weekend and I took them here so they could see the best of the the city life! They really enjoyed how there were plenty of restaurants and bars to hang out in. The only downside here is parking, it's a little tricky to find and it's going to cost you at least $10...but I guess that's one of the joys to city living! Overall, it's a good variety of things to do and places to eat. Great for a fun night out or when you have friends in town. Look forward to returning again!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/26/2013,8,70,1,6,3>I can't believe I haven't reviewed Monsoon before now, given how much we enjoy dining here - not least because it's within walking distance from our home, which makes for a nice last-minute dinner option when the cupboards are bare and we don't feel like driving to the store. The staff are always very sweet and willing to accommodate special requests, like my insistence for extra vegetables in whatever I'm ordering. They WILL make it super spicy if you are specific about asking for it - one time I received a dish of curry that looked like half a jar of chili pepper had been stirred into the sauce. Yowza! Their entree offerings are flavorful (anything with basil or Kaffir lime leaves is especially worth getting), varied, and typical for what you expect from a decent Thai place. I love pretty much any of the curries, and the option to order squid as your meat of choice is a nice addition to the usual beef/chicken/shrimp/scallop lineup. The Thai Iced Tea is a big winner with my husband - too sweet for me, but I always steal a sip regardless. Serving sizes are substantial - you could easily split a dish if you and your dining partner wanted to eat the same thing, but it'd also work very well if a group of friends wanted to order a few different things to serve up family-style.Prices range on the slightly higher side for dinner fare (again, typical for what I've seen in other Thai restaurants), but their lunch menu is really bargain-priced. Most of Charlotte seems to know it, too, because it's always HOPPING during the times I've visited mid-day. Later in the evening, business seems to slow down - several times, my husband and I have been the only people in the restaurant. Honestly, we've not tried any other Thai restaurants in Charlotte yet, because we like this one so much and it's so close to home. Maybe we're missing out...but it sure doesn't feel like it.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,5/25/2013,27,121,1,5,3>If you are in the mood for German food, look no futher. This place is completely fresh! Not just because it is basically the only German restaurant in the area, but because it is also very, VERY good. First off, events. I really need to address this first. Their annual Oktoberfest is a must-attend! I myself had been so fortunate to attend my first year and was completely awed. We first had eaten indoors and went outside to the festival afterwards into the night. The entertainment was of real German-style lights, music, costumes, etc. Beer out in "the tent" was modestly priced, and good times were had by all in our party as we took it all in. Very jam-packed, but somehow not necessarily crowded. Parking could be better. If you have the opportunity to go, do so. The normal restaurant operation is a good amount less hectic. The atmosphere is somewhat upscale, with a lot of German decor. The food is of very high quality, and as such you pay a little more for it. The beer selection is also very good. Haven't had German food often? Want to plan out your next food choice ahead of time? See waldhorn.us and check out their full menu.Overall, hands down the place to be for German food. Great for dates as well as meals with friends and parties.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,5/24/2013,876,4126,4,5,5>Bookmarked for six months, I was finally in this part of town and in the mood for Italian food. It was an excellent choice and I have to double recommend the warm goat cheese and mascarpone dip to start. Excellent, excellent, excellent!I had the ricotta with meat sauce as my main. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was excellent. I asked for the added scoop of ricotta cheese but it really wasn't necessary with the freshly grated cheese on top. Lots of pasta, it went home in a box and was a full lunch meal the next day.My wife chose the pork chop special, which was served with sliced apple in a delicious sweet gravy. Absolutely excellent and again, more than enough to take home.Service was excellent and the food was excellent. I'm sure we'll be back!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,5/23/2013,32,45,3,7,2>The wife and I visited Barrington's for our first anniversary dinner.  I cannot say enough good things about our experience.  While this is not the sort of location you dine at while on a budget, I can say with complete confidence that it is worth every penny.There are a lot of high end eateries in town that feel that they are expensive simply to be expensive, while the food may be good, the staff may be well trained, with ambiance well appointed, they still sometimes feel like they are trying to recreate something else.  Barrington's is not one of these restaurants.Our appetizers were excellent.  The beverages were poured and priced appropriately.  Our entrees were astronomical.  Erin had the bacon wrapped trout, a real treat, while I opted for their special - essentially lamb two ways (chop & cheek) - it turned out to be one of the best dishes I have ever ordered at a restaurant.Service was top notch.  Our server, noticing Erin was pregnant pre-empted any concerns by pointing out that what we ordered was baby friendly.   They are knowledgeable, not pushy, friendly and quick.  Woody was our server, I will request him in the future.The bottom line - if you are looking for a change of pace, something that will challenge you to try something different, but still comfortable, a place which will exceed expectations, which knows what they are doing and focuses on doing it 110% every time, I highly recommend you dine with the crew at Barrington's.Call ahead, do not expect seating to be available on the weekends without a reservation, you may be able to sit at the bar but a meal like this deserves a table.Bon apetite!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,5/22/2013,40,65,1,4,4>I'd been wanting to try this place for some time, so when my wife said that several of her coworkers were getting together there for a little holiday get together I jumped at the chance. The place is interesting; you walk in to a good sized bar area with a nice U shaped bar with an ice rail to keep your beer cold. As you walk in the food ordering window is to the right, and the portion of the bar where you order your drinks is straight ahead. There are a couple of separate dining areas for large groups, and there is a nice patio with tons of super sized games. When we were there they had a large connect four game, 2ping pong tables, 3 or 4 corn hole set ups, a giant chess board, and 2 large jenga sets. There seems to be something for everyone, and the place was packed.The service was decent; there was no wait staff wandering around checking on people. If you want a beer you have to go to the bar, and if you want food you have to go to the window. Not a bad set up, but it can get backed up at times.The food was good, we got a little of all of the finger type foods so that everyone could try multiple things. Fried pickles, soft pretzels with beer cheese, hot wings, nachos, sweet potato fries, etc... Everything was good, the pretzels and beer cheese was great.Now, on to the most important part.... The beer. The beer selection seemed to be well thought out; a nice mixture of NC locals, southeast regionals, and nation craft beers. There was also a nice mixture of APA's, IPA's, Porters, Stouts, etc... Too often a craft beer bar will have 20-30 taps and more than half of them are IPA's, and big stouts, and other styles get left out to the dismay of casual beer drinkers that aren't into these styles. I spent most of the evening drinking Birdsong Jalapeno Pale, and Lagunitas Brown Sugga. All for a reasonable price.Overall,  I was impressed with this place and look forward to going back
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/21/2013,29,99,3,6,4>The Healthy Home Market is one of my very favorite stores in Charlotte. I can get so much variety here! Where standard grocery chains have basmati and jasmine rice, this place has something like ten varieties, half of which I had never heard of. The same goes for anything from toothpaste to nut butter (peanut butter is not the only nut you can turn into creamy goodness). I especially love their bulk foods section, and they make tasty smoothies here.On the downside, I rarely meet employees here who seem to have fully embraced the organic/local/whatnot culture, so they may not be able to delve into a conversation with you about different obscure foods they sell or such like. Their meats and produce are also not necessarily organic, especially the meat and fish have no explanation or classification at all concerning how the animals are raised. Please change that, HHM!This is a much nicer location of this local chain than the one on Independence Blvd., which is closer for me but has no fresh meat section and is much smaller overall. I come here when I can and always leave with something that I've never tasted before - it's like a small adventure every time! :)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,5/20/2013,228,451,2,4,3>I just checked out the Mint Museum yesterday and agree with other yelpers, it's a beautiful building with impressive exterior and interior architecture.  I was short on time so I wasn't able to see a whole lot, but I did get to spend about an hour on the fourth floor where I navigated through their permanent collection (American portraiture as well as landscape art) and also got to see Debora Arango's exhibit.  I liked the museum's permanent collection but I was blown away by Arango's work.  The exhibit space was separated into sections where you could see her art in response to Colombian politics - especially the period known as "La Violencia", you could see her nude work with her point of view on woman's femininity and repressiveness (there was a wide range!), and you could see another section titled "Social" that depicted the socioeconomic disparities where she targeted the corrupt government and religious figures in her work.  Her art is vibrant with bold colors and even her pieces that push the envelope, like "Silent Madonna" have beauty to them.  I appreciate Frida Kahlo and I found Arango's art to be somewhat similar with the choice of colors and same thick brush strokes.  If you like art that encompasses many themes with a little controversy, then I highly recommend going to the Mint and getting a glimpse of Arango's exhibit while it's still around, which I think is until mid-June.As for the rest of the Mint, I wish I had a chance to check out the infamous "Craft and Design" collection but unfortunately I didn't have enough time.  However multiple reviews point out it's great and I hope to take a look the next time I'm at the Mint.A couple of other things to point out:  Halcyon is a restaurant that's in the building and it's beautiful with a gorgeous view (I didn't get to eat there but I hope to the next time I'm at the Mint), the Mint offers many cool events (most free!) listed under "Happenings" on their website, and lastly if you feel like museum hopping, the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art is next door.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/19/2013,45,242,4,8,6>After reading the Yelp reviews of Fiamma and considering I fancy myself an Italian food connoisseur I was waiting for the perfect time to try out Fiamma.  Thanks to Charlotte Restaurant Week I was able to make it happen.  Myself, Sweetie and 4 friends sauntered to Fiamma last night.  Pull up to a non descript strip mall in a less traveled section of Charlotte, I realized I had been to this location before on another taste finding mission to Ru Sans.  From the outside, I have to be honest, it isn't very pleasing.  Once you open the door, you go back to the old adage of "you can't judge a book by its cover" because it was very well planned out and decorated, very welcoming.  Looks like it had a few levels and the bar area was well placed.Because it was Restaurant Week there was a specific menu consisting of an appetizer, entree and dessert which was explained by our server, Yoshi who I must say was a talented asset to the waitstaff of this restaurant.  He was the perfect server as he knew when to show up and when to stay away.  He also recommended the perfect bottle of wine to compliment our meal.I started off with the beef carpaccio which was well done.  Thin strips of beef perfectly seasoned and topped with fresh arugula.  Lemon wedge served on the side as it should be.  No complaints here.  Sweetie had the salmon and tuna tartare and as she has the ultimate discriminating palette, she cleaned her dish.  Others had the fried calamari and shrimp which were lightly fried and flavorful.The entree for me was the Osso Bucco, which was tender and dressed with a light tomato sauce which was slightly bland for my taste but the tenderness and flavor of the meat itself made up for it.  It was served with a homemade gnochhi which were like little dumplings of potato heaven.  As a true fan of Osso Bucco I asked Yoshi for a marrow fork as I didn't want to turn off my friends by picking up the bone and sucking it out while splashing sauce all over myself (Oh the delicious horror!).  Sweetie had the Norwegian Salmon which again, was perfectly prepared and flavorful.  Others had the ravioli and black linguine and I heard nothing but good things about everything at the table.  I will point out that their pastas are handmade in house, which makes a HUGE difference and the fact that they do this will have me locked in as a return customer.To finish off this fine meal, I had the ricotta cheesecake.  Coming from Long Island, I must admit that my preference is the creamy cheesecake because I find the ricotta "grainy" and dry.  This cheesecake changed my opinion, it was perfect. It was creamy and flavorful.  The raspberry drizzle and tangelo slices that accompanied it were a nice compliment to the dish.  As a true fat boy, I would have preferred whipped cream to the vanilla ice cream that it was served with, but who am I to turn down ice cream?All in all, I am choosy and some would call snobbish on my restaurant choices and for my money, Fiamma has earned a fan in me.  Locally owned and paying attention to the details that, forgive me, the large scale chains have long forgotten, Fiamma is a place that should not be missed.  As we were calculating the tip on the check I had already planned my next visit.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,5/18/2013,106,185,5,6,6>This place is right in my fun zone! Close to The Wine Shop, Total Wine and More and Uptown (also known as Downtown, if you're a native Charlottean...)...Let me just say this: they have puppies!  Okay, I know, the namesake Winston is not a puppy... He's old enough to be a full grown dog, but I'm still calling him puppy... Later in the summer, the patio will be finished and you can bring your own puppies, as well... Sounds like fun to me... The beers I've had from their tap were great... Off the top of my head, I can remember the Allagash and a Porter... I think the Porter was my favorite, it is incredibly smooth... There are also coolers and coolers of beers that line the wall and they will serve you any of those as well...The owner and the bartender (Rob and Ben) are both super cool and they make for good company as you enjoy the numerous options... I've been in two weekends in a row and met some soon to be deemed regulars that were very amiable as well...Right now, parking isn't much of an issue, but I suggest when it gets warmer and this place comes into its own that you get there early... I know I will... :)
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,5/17/2013,4,69,3,3,4>I will travel far and wide for a juicy burger - now I have them in my backyard!  Woot, woot!  Very impressed with the service, staff knowledgeable and took our order promptly.  Nice selection of beer, no 5-star because of wine selection - only one label and it is funky at best.  But burgers more than made up for this.  Served with a steak knife (nice touch) for carving up the burger - like the choice of 6 oz or 8 oz burger - chose the 6 oz and could not finish it.  Fresh toppings and fries were hot and salty - yum-o - will be back!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/16/2013,115,242,4,6,2>I just had a great time yet again painting at Cajun Canvas. I am just one punch away from getting my free class! They have a frequent painter card. Buy 10 classes and get one free! I really enjoy painting at Cajun Canvas. For one they are next to a great little Cuban place that is perfect for grabbing lunch or dinner beforehand. They also have great teachers. I have painted with Karen, the owner, and Mike. Tonight I painted with Mike. He is kind of quiet and gets very into his painting. He likes to walk around and give each person their own feedback, which is good, but can make the class last a little bit long sometimes. I think he loves to paint and you can see that in the way he enjoys teaching and talking to people. He takes the time to show certain brushstrokes and is always super patient. You are more than welcome to bring in wine and beer and snacks. Just a helpful hint, bring a cup with a lid. I have on more than one occasion stuck my paintbrush in my wine cup. Oops. At the end of the class you get to take home your masterpiece. Just please keep in mind yours will look different than others. Do not go into the class thinking you will walk out with what you see online. That will only happen if you pay the instructor for his/her painting. Everyone will have a slightly different painting and that is what makes this fun! Embrace your unique style!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,5/15/2013,200,234,2,3,2>Wouldn't have found this place without seeing the Yelp deal and glad that I did.  It's a no-frills bakery with plenty of yummy deliciousness that's all for more than reasonable prices!  Got myself three caramel-filled churros, a slice of flan, two sweet breads and an empanada all for $10!  It was enough for my husband and I to take home and enjoy over the next few days.  The churros are still yummy after you pop them in the microwave to heat them up.  And the flan!  Oh, the flan.  So rich and dense and sweet.  One of the best flans I've ever had.The girl at the counter was super sweet and pointed out everything to us and explained what each item was so we could make our selections.  It's a bit out of the way for me to go here, but if I am in the area, I will definitely stop by again.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/14/2013,205,512,4,17,3>I know, I know.....another natural hair salon in the qc......however this chic gives a fabulous blowout.....FAB!  Tracy has been in the Charlotte area about 2 years and shame on me for just finding out about her.  Her background in hair speaks for itself and her technique is similar to a few others I've seen but her products are what I've narrowed down as the key to the unbelievable experience I had.   She is located in the Sola Salons across from Southpark Mall and there was no wait and I was in and out in an hour and a half which is always a plus.  The look and feel of my hair was pure genius, but with all good things comes a downside.....because this chic's work is so good, it is nearly impossible to get an appointment but I don't intend to give up easily:-)
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,5/13/2013,103,276,3,5,3>huuuge portions, and tasty food!Just a heads up, most of the staff doesn't speak English, though the menu is in English and in Spanish so you can make a choice and then point if necessary. Even though members of our group speak Spanish fluently, our pale skin immediately sent the hostess for the English speaker on staff. Can't blame them, I guess, but in case she's not there when you are, you can still get a good meal!As others have mentioned, the menu is fairly large, and encompasses a few different regions. We ordered everything from stuffed plantains to chicken and steak tacos to pinchos to a beautiful shrimp and fish dish, and some were accompanied by fantastic house made tortillas. I ordered the chicken pinchos. YUM! Perfectly cooked, a nice sauce, rice, salad, fried plantains, and a small odd shaped hot dog tasting thing (we've made our best guesses, but I'll just tell you it mostly tastes like a hot dog and looks like it went through a cookie cutter). I couldn't finish my large platter, and actually most people couldn't finish their plate. Hello, 4th meal!We asked if they had any draft beer, she said "yes", but it was all from the bottle. Oh well. Pretty good service, jukebox, delicious food, I'm ready to go back!! CMYE?? (and pay at the counter on your way out)
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/12/2013,3,44,5,5,5>Not enough stars! This is what you envision when your looking for a cool place to sit and enjoy a coffee. Although I love coffee, my first visit here I had a green tea because I also love green tea and I was already amping out on caffine....  I'm looking forward to my next visit  and have a cup of joe, as I'm confident that it will be as good as the tea. This area of Charlotte known as NoDa reminds me of South Street in Philly. Very cool/ seemingly nice people everywhere just doing their thing. This place is right in the epicenter. Came in feeling pretty shitty and left in a much better state of mind. Good music in the air, mellow lighting, nice muffins and other pastries and Strong wifi. I opened up my devices but found myself just enjoying the ambiance of this place and shut everything down and just chilled with my eyes closed for a while. I may become a regular. If your in NoDa check this place out. Btw...  unlike starbucks, you can order a SMALL- MEDIUM OR LARGE!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/11/2013,132,235,3,3,3>F.I.N.A.L.L.Y.  A Men's ONLY Boutique. I saw the Grand Opening on the news and had to go and check it out!  Hubs and I were here on Saturday.  The store is JUST perfect for a guy.  The store is beautiful.  I'm told that the front display cabinets were custom made by someone who works for West Elm.  The dressing room doors are SO hot.  Loved the layout, loved the guy that helped us, and I'm happy to have a place that Hubs can shop at instead of heading to the mall.   They have casual clothes, ties, suits, Jackets, Jeans and accesories.  One stop shop. :-)
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/9/2013,12,102,1,2,3>My toddler loves coming here. He gets so excited to sit in either a taxi, a firetruck, or the helicopter while our friendly stylist, Michelle, cuts his hair. With entertainment o'plenty via train tables, Wii, or some disney movie playing at each station, this salon gets  it done right. Unfortunately this place does not take appointments, however you can put your name down and the front desk will call when you when you are coming up if you would rather run errands while you wait (great!..as us Mom love to multi-task!)
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,5/8/2013,63,93,1,2,4>It's been awhile since I treated myself for my birthday to the PhotoWILD day, and to this day it's one of the best things I've ever done.  From the website:  Each day highlights over 20 different raptors in unique settings each day.The day starts with an early-bird breakfast at 7:30 am, followed by six, thirty minute sessions -- we'll have lots of birds each session to choose from. The final hour of each day features some of our flight show superstars in free-flight!carolinaraptorcenter.orgTake your camera and treat yourself, or a loved one.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/7/2013,34,102,2,2,2>One of my favorites for cheap, fast and tasty Mexican! It's definitely low-key and casual, but for a scrumptious chimichanga with terrific queso and a heavy-on-the-tequila margarita, this place has it all!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,5/6/2013,29,89,4,5,4>Ok, so I have been here multiple times since it opened. I have to say that I am a fan. The food is consistently good and the portions are large. I generally just pick up food to go so the small seating area hasn't been an issue for me. The new server is excellent. She is all about customer service. Great friendly neighborhood 'kabob house.'
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,5/5/2013,175,207,4,4,5>My best home slice, Elizabeth A., has a total ZJ girl boner for this place and I can tell why! A homey, ecletic interior spills out onto a room patio for outdoor dining, and inbetween are servers who you can tell really enjoy their job. And not just serving, but working at Zada Jane's.I have found this to be a great go-to spot not just for brunch/lunch but also for meetings. The 10am/11am sweet spot that's after breakfast but before the lunch rush M-F is a great time to stop in and having coffee with a friend, talk business over tea or read a book with some free range scrambled eggs.Highly recommended are the bunny rancheros (Elizabeth's review is worth checking out for the full low-down on those bad boys!), ala carte eggs and toasts (cheap, yummy breakfast!), and the salads with tofu options.A great addition to the 'Wood - swing by and see what we're loving!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,5/4/2013,54,199,1,5,4>Top notch!! This place has it going on both with the food & service!! Went here last night with a few friends and had a great time. The BBQ pork platter with mac &cheese & cole slaw was awesome! The BBQ didn't even need sauce but I tried some anyways. Yum! My wife ordered their pot roast. Now, let me say this. At first she wasn't sure if she wanted to try it because it wasn't the traditional pot roast (carrots, potatoes, etc...) but they brought her a sample, yep, a sample to try. I've seen this done at bars when it comes to wine or beer, but actually sampling an entree, nicely done sir!! No brainer, she ordered it. It was so much food, we took it home & it feed both of us for dinner the next night. We tried a couple desserts too. The deep fried cheesecake was outstanding! Of course you can't go wrong with OMB's Copper on draft! We even had one of the brother's who owns the place come by a chat with us for a bit. You could tell he took pride in the food they were serving. Can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,5/3/2013,192,99,3,4,3>I'm a huge fan of Crisp for their create-your-own salads, light menu and quick & friendly service. This is definitely the place to go for a tasty and healthy lunch if you're in the Dilworth area. Crisp is like a cafe in which you order your food from the counter at the back of the store and then have your food brought to you. I've only been to this location twice but I will say that the last time that I went the lady who cashed me out at the register was the friendliest person I have been helped by in a very long time. I did not catch her name but she definitely made my day a bit brighter. :)
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,5/2/2013,153,79,7,8,5>Dude, Counter Culture coffee? Why are you still reading? Go to Mugs!They also do pour overs and French press. Nice decor, laid-back ambience. You know how sometimes you're in a coffee shop and it feels like you should give up your seat after a couple hours? Yeah, I felt like the guy working the counter would have given zero fucks if I stayed for six hours (I was there for about an hour). Dude totally made cookies while I was there. The place smelled ah-myah-zong.So, go. Enjoy.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,5/1/2013,66,86,5,5,5>First time at this food truck & I wasn't expecting tacos. I was pleasantly surprised. The crew are all friendly and the tacos were delicious. I had the drunken chicken  and the scallop with the pickled vegetables..... and ummm....I am ALL ABOUT those pickled veggies. I could eat the pickled veggies on their own at least once a day. I'm smiling over here as I type about them. They are fresh pickled and tangy awesomeness. Spicy though.... so if you're not into the hot stuff I'd skip over the jalapeno peppers.Anyway, I'm a fan. And I'll be back.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,4/30/2013,761,516,3,6,3>I should have wrote this review a couple of years ago I bookmarked it but apparently forgot.  Best cupcakes I have had in Charlotte this guy comes up with crazy unique flavors you just never know what you might get.  Not sure where he is selling now but I was able to snag a few at Jack Beagle's in NODA for an event last year.  If you get the chance don't miss out on an amazing cupcake!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,4/29/2013,19,88,2,6,2>At $6.99 /lunch or $9.99/dinner this buffet cant be beat. Ichiban is more than "the typical" Chinese buffet as it offers sushi and a made to order hibachi station. Dare i say it....but the sushi is better than the buffet at RuSans. Also, I was much more impressed with my visit here here than at the $10.00+ more per person trip to Tin Tin. Ichiban is what it is with decent Americanized-Chinese food and other typical American fare one would expect to see on a buffet of this sort. Think beef-broccoli, sesame chicken, pepper steak, eggrolls, stuffed mushrooms, chicken nuggets, fried shrimp etc. There should be something for everyone. The food itself is pretty good considering the price. Sure some items, like the desserts are a bit lacking, but lets be honest here... how many buffets really excel in the dessert area? Keep in mind that visiting for lunch or an early dinner is probably the best time to go. Once i went close to closing time and there were not as many choices remaining. Which i personally can totally understand as it impacts waste and food costs. Overall, for decent food, huge selection, nice staff and great price i say Ichiban is a worth a shot.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/28/2013,116,275,2,3,2>I met a friend for lunch at 11:30. The time was perfect as we were seated immediately and by 12:15ish the place more crowded. We enjoyed the chips and salsa, and requested the mild and it was brought promptly. My friend ordered the Arroz con Pollo and I ordered the burrito and taco combo. Both were delicious. Not a five b/c the service got a little slower once they got busier and the noise was overbearing at times. I will be back to this location, as it is nicer than the original Park Road location.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/27/2013,170,55,1,9,2>I would argue that uptown Charlotte is fairly limited in its range of lunch time options, so it was a great change for my buddies and I to try something new like Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint. I'll point out that the culinary competition is rather low in the overstreet mall considering the only three restaurants next to Maddio's are Chick Fil A, Salsarita's and Just Fresh (all equally mediocre). "How Do You Roll" lasted a couple of months here, but its presence dissipated in a matter of days once people realized their "sushi" was 98% rice and ridiculously overpriced. On the other hand, Maddio's deserves to be in a class of its own because Fast Casual restaurants are hard to find around here (you pretty much just have Noodles & Co., Chipotle, Jason's Deli and Vappiano's... and that's like all Charlotte has to offer in this segment).Maddio's showcased item is of course, its pizza and I'll admit that I was pleasantly surprised. I'm a huge fan of thin crust pizza, and having just come back from Milan, I'm always searching (perhaps in vain) for that same delicious and savory crunch I experienced there. Nevertheless, my favorite part of a pizza is its tomato sauce and I really liked the version they have here. You can smell fresh garlic and perhaps some basil? It's also not too watery or dry. There are other sauces I have yet to try... I was eyeing the "tomato bbq". As far as pizza crusts go, this one is certainly acceptable. It's very crisp and holds its shape when you pick up a slice. I do like this pizza much better than Vappiano's which a bit more doughy and its tomato sauce tends to be over salted.Disclaimer: You can't expect pizza at a fast casual joint like this to be as good as a wood-fired pizza from your favorite Italian restaurant because, let's be real, you wouldn't be able to churn something like that out with the same efficiency that they have here. I only waited 5-6 minutes for my pizza to arrive steaming hot to my table (I tried the spicy Italian on traditional crust - you could also go for the wheat option). For what it is (a  $7 - $8 individual pizza), you'll find yourself eating every last slice. Toppings are varied and fairly good quality - you can even create your own pizza. I like that you can see your pizza being made through the glass window, so you know exactly what you're about to eat.The salad we ordered paled in comparison to the pizza and some of the sandwich options I saw at people's tables, but that could just be because they stuck to a simple salad menu with generic dressings that every other restaurant has. I think I'll just stick to pizzas when I come here.There are lots of options for everyone and if you have that "I've tried one pizza, I've tried them all" mentality, Uncle Maddio's just might make you rethink that philosophy.4/5
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/26/2013,5,81,1,3,3>I decided to try this restaurant again, the first time it was very salty.  So I'm gave it another try, we went and ate inside on November 10, 2012 and the staff were very nice.  The food we tried this time was excellent, I had soo much food that I had to take it to go, my little girl even enjoyed it and normally she just like to eat the chips and that's about it but this time she at some beans and rice and some of my fajita quesadilla.  I got the chunky style guaccamole and it was awesome, of course I had some left over.  So I decided to eat the rest of it the next day, it was a good and bad idea, the flavors had time to settle I guess and it was soo hot that I had heart burn for two days but it was really good.  I look forward to going back, oh yeah and we was fortunate enough to hear the staff sign the happy birthday song it was by far the funniest thing I've ever heard.  So all around we enjoyed the food and had excellent service.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/25/2013,5,89,3,3,3>I know they're known for their catering, but thus place us a great sandwich shop if you need to eat and run.  Huge menu.  They're great about allowing you to customize ingredients, too (swapping bread for wrap, etc).I ordered a chicken salad wrap to go.  Delicious.  I was in and out within 4 minutes.  Loved it.  Prices and portions are reasonable, too.Next time:  Dagwood!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/24/2013,68,235,2,2,2>I have been to Dilworth Grille many times. Recently I was there for the Carolina Duke game. The UNC Alumni org and the place was full of Tarheel spirit. The downstairs was the perfect place ti watch the game with several projectors and tvs. They had great drink specials and the staff was great even with the large crowd. This place is perfect for large group events.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,4/23/2013,104,419,3,4,3>HUGE sandwiches on their fresh baked Italian bread, piled high with really quality meats, cheeses and other fixings.  I could stop there and give 5 stars but there is so much more.  All kind of Italian products from their family.  Sauces, bottled peppers, etc, etc.  It goes on and on and it's all trucked down from NY by their trucking company.  There is a great selection of meats and cheeses you can buy deli style and lot's of homemade, pre-made entrees and salads to pick up and eat at home.  It is a family run joint and they are very welcoming.  Once they find out it's your first visit, you get the full treatment with an explanation of their history, family connections of all the products and, best of all, sample after sample of their fare.  By the time that portion was over, I almost was not feeling like ordering the sub I had come in for... Almost....I give myself 1 star on this though because Derado's has been literally just down the street for quite a while now and I just last month made the trip in to explore.  Shame on me!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,4/22/2013,68,615,3,5,4>Did breakfast and loved it.  Will definitely try lunch.Great menu, super service, very busy, decent prices and portions. Just breakfast and lunch and whatever is on the menu is available.  Open until 3pm.Name the concoction and they have it.  Liver mush?  Fresh made corned beef?  Biscuits, gravy, Virginia and country ham and lots of waffles, pancakes, skillets, omelets and the regular run of egg dishes.Lunch is as complete with soups, salads, sandwiches and plates with more hearty dishes.  Accept all credit cards, including American Express.Does get crowded around 10am during the week and the weekends are murder.  No reservations, so be prepared to wait.  And if you have a large party...that is a mistake and you will really have to wait.  Break your group up.And there is a 6 seat diner counter, so if you are solo that is the best bet.Well worth a visit.  Fun, fresh, plentiful food, well prepared and excellently served.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,4/21/2013,100,117,7,18,7>This is a very promising restaurant that JUST opened a few weeks back. I came along unsuspectingly, unsure of what type of cuisine was being served exactly. Upon entering, I saw hot dishes on a buffet line, alongside freshly prepared naan and salads. The Indian owners that greeted me confirmed it - this was an Indian lunch buffet!I was overcome with joy and anticipation. Here I am, in the middle of a decidedly healthy period of eating, standing at an Indian lunch buffet. Yes, the owners will claim that is actually indo-chinese, and the manager of the restaurant herself moved from Darjeeling, but the focus is most definitely on Indian dishes. Chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, daal, palak paneer, mixed vegetables... this place has it all, alongside some chicken pakoras with an indo-chinese flair. The naan is freshly prepared, and the chutneys (usually overlooked) were chunky and rich, as opposed to watery and bland. The manager was very accommodating, noting that although I came in only 5 minutes before closing time, they were happy for me  - even my friend who hadn't arrived yet - to partake in the lunch buffet. At $9.95, it was reasonably priced, and my three trips down its lines most definitely ensured that I received my money's worth. Try Tulips! It has one of the best lunch buffets in the north Charlotte area, and I will certainly be back soon.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,4/20/2013,87,274,3,7,5>I came to Good Bottle Co. after the SantaCon brewery crawl, having learned that they carried Four Friends' holiday brew (the fabulous 9.1%ABV Santa's Dirty Little Secret).  I am by no mean a beer snob.  In fact I'm still relatively clueless.  So when I walked in here one night after work in search for some Christmas gifts for the boys, I felt a little lost.  So lost I didn't even realize I walked into a private beer club event.  Oops.Well... beer drinking people are good people, what can I say.  I was immediately helped by a guy, which turned out to be a patron.  The only person working there was busy behind the bar serving the party, who eventually finished out helping me with the selection of pale ale/IPA. What I like most is that the selection is great for a tiny store, and I can buy one of whatever fancy me at a very affordable price.  I ended up with a 4 pack of random selection, and he even gave me a 4 pack holder from another beer to hold my loot and be able to present my gift nicely.  I am all for local businesses, especially when they have good service, good products and good price.  I will have to come back DURING business hours and check it out more.  I think the only down side I saw is that most of the beers aren't chilled, so it's really meant to be purchased for later consumption (granted they do have a bar in the back portion of the store)
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,4/19/2013,74,627,3,5,4>I'm actually fairly impressed.  I lived in Greensboro for several years & they have a great outdoor shopping mall that goes way back called Friendly Center.  They've updated it and it's pretty upscale now...PRSS reminds me of pre-refab Friendly Center & not in a bad way.  This center includes food, deli, bakery, hardware, coffee, thrift, clock, music, grocery, post office, nursery, consignment, art, cleaners, shoes, clothing, movies, sports, tobacco, ice, atm's, books, toys ...whaaat!  yes, in length...everything & I'm sure I've left some stuff out.Much more can be accomplished here in a short amount of time than in most places.Parking could be a bit more "friendly".  They might as well make the driving lane closest to the stores a pedestrian only area (which could make it smaller) & ditch the speed bumps.If they ever upgrade though I hope they keep the old-fashioned sign!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/18/2013,54,320,7,7,3>I started going to Tropical Tan, located in the Quail Corners Shopping Center after buying a Groupon for a great deal.  I am not a super tanner, but I do like to knock the Casper off during the summer - a little bit of a tan makes me look healthier, hides the dark circles under my eyes and contours my rolls to make me look a lil thinner without having to diet (hooray!).Before the Groupon, I never even knew there was a tanning place there, it is tucked in the corner of the shopping center.   Quail Corners has gone through a major facelift, as did Tropical Tan (they just finished construction recently and since it's winter, I have not been there to check out the new digs).  They have three levels of beds, all kinds of packages, stand-up beds, spray tans, every kind of lotion imaginable, etc.  The facility and beds are exceptionally clean.  Caitlin is usually working when I go in and she is awesome, but I have found all of the staff to be friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.  The beds are big (I am chubby, so it's important to know that I am not going to go crashing through the plastic of some cheap, poorly made bed) and the fans in them are great.  Music plays, which is generally genre neutral, so you just bop along for the 5-10 minutes you are laying there.  They run great specials all of the time that I receive via email or even on their Facebook page.  Tropical Tan has become my tanning joint of choice - great place!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,4/17/2013,142,86,3,3,3>Great, cheap breakfast food.  We tend to come here when the pancake house is overflowing. I've also discovered it's a great quiet hang out spot in the evenings, even on weekends.  They have a surprisingly good beer list & even have Abita's root beer on tap (which is awesome).  I get tired of trying to yell over the din in uptown bars so we frequently come to Greystone where we can have actual conversations without screaming.  my one complaint - they let people smoke on the patio & when it's warm out there are always smokers out there.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,4/16/2013,208,546,2,13,2>I bought a discount coupon  for Park N Go recently that offered 3 days of parking for $7. With an impending trip on the way I decided to give it a shot and combined my coupon with the full price for a total weeks cost of $28. When I tried to book online ahead of time I noticed you could not use the voucher so I crossed my fingers and called twice to make sure they really would be running shuttles to the airport at 4:30 AM and that I wouldn't have to wait at all. While it worked out just fine I noticed booking online offered additional discounts that make parking extremely reasonable ($3-4 per day), so I really didn't even need to buy that coupon ( I save $4 or $5 ultimately). We didn't have to wait for our shuttle at all, it picked us right up at our parking spot on time in the early morning hours and returned us to the same spot a week later around midnight. They run two shuttles and are truly there around the clock. We spoke to a pilot who said he now only uses Park N Go because it's so easy and reliable. The service of both the person driving the shuttle and the lady at the booth was impeccable (she even offered us some bottled water for our trip home). My only minor complaint is that it's located right off the highway and so the lot accumulates a lot of dust and our car was really dirty after a week. If you factor in the necessity of a professional wash it can make the deal not so great.Overall though I will be using the service again as it was super reliable, fast, easy, affordable, friendly, efficient...you name it!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,4/15/2013,49,99,1,4,3>Roaming Fork is by far the best food truck I've tried in the QC.  The signature item is their fish tacos, which are especially delicious in the winter when Kelly makes em with a mango salsa.  The summer version with the corn salsa are quite scrumptious also.  The truck is in Ballantyne every Thurs so this is a weekly thing for me.  The smoked meatloaf sandwich is bomb-diggity and the garlic-parmeson fries are a must.  Several co-workers have told me the "porky-cheesy" is where it's at, but I can't vouch for it since I haven't tried it (pulled pork that her husbands smokes for 12 hrs in a grilled cheese sammich) Great bang for the buck - go get you some.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,4/14/2013,19,20,7,12,7>Love this place!  So glad to have a place in LKN where we can bring our dogs and just relax with nice people.We have been to Lucky Dog several times and never had a problem with our dogs being told to quiet down, or anything of the sort.  The hotel is actually two doors down, and even when we have been in the outside area there is very minimal, if any, noise.  Most folks who come have well-behaved dogs and we have yet to see any sort of fight or incident.  The place is clean and there is plenty of room for the dogs to play indoors or outdoors while you just chill out and watch pretty much any game on the multitude of TVs.  As long as you don't expect plush velvet couches and can have a good time socializing at picnic and high bar tables, you'll have a great time.We really enjoy the outdoor patio area, because it's covered and even in warmer weather stays a little cooler thanks to the shade.  As long as your dog isn't a jerk and you aren't expecting frills and luxury, you'll have a great time.  Keep up the good work, Lucky Dog!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,4/13/2013,111,88,3,4,4>I love everything about Leroy Fox, including the fact that it's less than a mile from my house. It's a place that both my fiance and I can agree on. I like the crowd, the service is friendly, there are both healthy and not-so-healthy options, and it's a great place to bring out of town guests because it has a lot of Charlotte charm. It's a wonderful place for fried chicken, mac and cheese, or a yummy salad. Leroy Fox has my vote!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/12/2013,92,226,3,8,3>I'm surprised that this is the second review since I've already been there 3 times. Oddly, I still haven't tried a dessert crepe!  This new place in SouthEnd next to My Townhome is well located and a good spot to get a meal or a snack.Our favorite dishes are the chipotle chicken crepe, the eggplant tartine (delish!) and caramelized waffles. The tartine came with a melange of roasted veggies including more eggplant that was awesome and I think I would like to have that as the side with everything (even though the orzo salad was great too). My friend enjoyed her portobello grilled cheese panini. The lemon peppered chicken crepe left a bit to be desired, and I wish that they had a creamy chicken and mushroom one like the delicious ones at Cafe Monte, or a shrimp artichoke one. They make crepes on site in front of you so it actually is a bit smoky in there, so they need to keep the door open or figure out the ventilation a bit better.  They didn't do too much with the upfit, so I think they could get a little more creative to make it feel more cozy.  But I look forward to returning and trying the salads and dessert crepes or chocolate dipped strawberries!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,4/11/2013,100,112,2,9,3>I heard from a buddy that place has amazing fried chicken. So I came in, ordered a three-piece meal, with a side of mac n' cheese and potato wedges. I must say, these guys have fried chicken covered. It was delicious!My friend ordered a pizza, which was a tasty and valuable choice only because all toppings are complimentary. However, the juicy fried breast, thigh, and leg that I managed to eat all in one sitting were nothing short of amazing, particularly with their homemade gravy! Their sweet tea is very sweet, which I think works only in the South, haha.The workers here are very friendly and polite. The owner of this restaurant is a sweet man, and is extremely approachable. The service is top notch!I will definitely come back again.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,4/10/2013,125,102,3,5,3>Leave it to Charlotte to have a dim sum restaurant NAMED Dim Sum Chinese Restaurant. Only natives understand the complex simplicity of this concept. This is one of two restaurants that serve dim sum in all of Charlotte. Thus, market strategy = all discreetness voided. Despite the lack of creativity in the name and competition, the dim sum here is pretty good and actually better than the places I've tried in Atlanta. The dishes are flavorful and the food authentic. My favorites are the fried taro balls and stuffed eggplants.Sundays are when they push the carts around. I recommend coming early (12pm or earlier) so you'll have dibs on "the good stuff." They always run out of my favorites early. Plus, that's when the food is hot and fresh!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,4/9/2013,96,265,3,3,3>If you are looking for a little bit 'nicer' place for great pizza, this is your spot.  Be prepared to pay for it though.While I would still tip my hat to full on flavor and freshness for the value to places like Mellow Mushroom, this is a great break from the norm for a bit nicer meal with your special someone.  We had the San Daniele Prosciutto app ($15) (burrata cheese, arugula, basil, aged balsamic (this one also had some fresh cantelope)) and it was fantastic!  We also ordered the Isole e Olena Sangiovese ($55) which was definitely overpriced for the taste.  I would recommend the Ciacci Sangiovese which is almost half the price and has better flavor.  The pizza was full of flavor and was thinner than I had expected.  It held together nicely and they were generous with the toppings.  We shared the Roasted Wild Mushroom which has spinach, robiola cheese, mozz and truffle oil.  It was delicious but I would recommend 2 pizzas if you are hungry.  They are full portion for 1 or you can share as we did, if you are having apps and dessert.My bride ordered the Chocolate Cake and coffee with Baileys and I ordered the Fresh Berry Cobbler.  This course was a waste and I would recommend sticking to apps and pizza and maybe walking down to Dean & Deluca for a good dessert.  I think the desserts+coffees with one shot of Baileys was around $30.  The total bill was $121 + tip.  I would be choosier with the order next time because while it was fantastic, you could still have a great meal and dodge some of the expense.  For that amount of money, there are nicer meals you could enjoy in Charlotte.  We will return though because if the other pizzas are as good as that one, it's worth trying it and being smarter with the bill.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,4/8/2013,113,243,1,4,3>Pretty spiffy spot.Saw a neat building on New Years Eve, and my group and I decided we should pop in and check out the venue.  It was a nice find with 2 levels, and the 3rd, being on the rooftop.  The people who worked here were kind enough to provide the event with New Years gear, champagne, and fun sparklers! Overall, the setup for Peculiar Rabbit is great because I tend to get bored being in one area, and I am able to move around on different levels, or play pool in another room, or just grab some fresh air on the rooftop.  The place is also new looking, and is not shabby at all!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,4/7/2013,51,85,4,5,3>I've driven past Krazy Fish countless times, never quite sure what type of food they served.  A couple of coworkers suggested we check out K.F. on a Tuesday after work.  Who says you have to wait until Thursday night to start your weekend?The thing about Taco Tuesday, is well, they have half priced bottles of wine.  Every day is taco day, as the tacos are 1/2 priced 4-6 p.m.  We split the potato cakes as an appetizer.  Delish.  I loved the Jamaican yellow curry sauce it came with.  I ordered the tuna tacos with pineapple salsa and devoured every last bite.  The tuna tasted so fresh and was really complemented by the pineapple.  Oh and the best part? The flash fried taco shell.  Totally worth it. Minus one star for the swarm of flies we somehow attracted to the outdoor patio. Shower much?Next time, I will be trying the pulled pork tacos with blueberry tamarind chutney.  Love the creativity of the menu! Great service, funky-fresh atmosphere, oh yeah, and two bottles of wine, an appetizer, and a meal for $13.  I've spent more than that at a Chick fil A!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,4/6/2013,32,92,1,16,6>First things first - I am a road cyclist and a spin class junkie (though I prefer the term "aficionado"). Last week, I posted the following to my Facebook status after yet another predictably boring YMCA spin class, "If 90+% of your class has us out of the saddle or doing ridiculous 'jumps', it's not a cycle class. It's an elliptical class. It is also a waste of my time."After reading that Facebook status, a friend of mine sent me an invitation to the "Open House Week" at Flywheel Ballantyne. I had never heard of Flywheel before, but my friend said they were offering free classes all week and suggested we try them. I wrote her back saying, "Given what they charge, I'm interested in seeing how - if at all - this is different from a general spin class." Frankly, having spent hundreds of hours in YMCA spin classes over the past 3 years, I was not expecting much.I told her as I gripped the handrail down to the parking lot to steady my legs after our first Flywheel class together: "I was wrong."I *know* your average spin class. Nothing fazes me anymore. I'm not the most fit looking person in the room, but this bod was built to spin and spin hard. I went into the Flywheel class with the mindset that it was cute and theatrical with dim lights and stadium style elevation for the bikes, but that it probably wouldn't be very challenging. As I said though, I was wrong. There are some key things that Flywheel does that make it much more challenging than your everyday, garden variety spin class.First, there is the "tech pack" attached to every bike. Most spin classes have a manual dial, or a dimly lit display that shows your RPM's and other stats. You can walk in, saddle up on a bike, and sandbag the whole damn workout and no one's the wiser. This is NOT THE CASE at Flywheel. Your "tech pack" is a brightly lit display, easily visible to all from several feet away. It shows your RPM, Torque, current power output, and cumulative power output. Gone are the good ol' days when your spin instructor would tell you to "turn the dial 75%" to add more tension and you mimed that, while leisurely pedaling. It's been replaced by cold, hard, brightly lit numbers. Forget the other competitive aspects of the class, when I realized that the six people to my left could easily make out my "tech pack" numbers in the dark, I stopped sandbagging and started sweating.There's a second highly competitive aspect to the ride, the "Torq Board". During "demo" mode, which is what Flywheel Ballantyne is using during their Open House week, the "Torq Board" shows the top 20 bikes. The instructor flashes the "Torq Board" during a few key sprints of the session, and you can see how your power output measures up against everyone else's power output. I'm not the fittest person in the room, but when I saw that I was "on the board" out of 35 people, I rode harder to see how I could hold up. When you sign up for Flywheel, you can opt-in to get your name on the board to see how you measure up against others.The final, most unique aspect of Flywheel classes, is the 5-ish minutes of upper body work with 2 and 4lb bars that are available at each bike. At first I scoffed at this "workout" with such light weights, but around the 3rd to the last song, your instructor guides you to whip these out. I grabbed both (6 lbs) at the start feeling this would be easy. Soon, I dispensed of the 4lb bar in favor of just the 2lb bar. Two minutes in, I was in agony, struggling to keep proper form. Suffice to say, cycling "aficionados" such as myself haven't had a lot of upper body work opportunities  thrust upon them. It was enlightening how weak I was. The upper body workout toward the end is one of my favorite (or, perhaps least favorite) parts. I have been to two Flywheel classes, and I'm signed up for a third on Friday through their Open House week. I am planning on taking a fourth one on Sunday as well. The prices are somewhat expensive. Individual classes are $18/per though you can buy packs of 20 for $280, making them $14/per. This is still too rich for my blood, but through10/31, they're featuring a BOGO deal on the 5 & 10 class packs, so conceivably you could get 20 classes for $150, or $7.50 per. It should be noted that Flywheel Sports offers a truly "all inclusive" experience at that high price, though. Each class includes use of a pair of cycling shoes, towel service, bottles of water and fruit, as well as access to lockers. I usually stuff these things into my gym bag before heading to the Y, but it's nice to have it all provided for you. Is it $18 per class nice? I don't know, but there you have it.My final word on Flywheel classes is this: The instructors know what they're doing. They are true professionals, capable of motivating you to a spin workout harder than you'd get anywhere else locally.  If you are in a rut with your local gym's spin classes, give Flywheel a try.  I used to think all spin classes were all the same. Now, I know better.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,4/5/2013,71,209,2,5,3>Hot dogs, hot dogs everywhere and also have a drink!JJ's is a great spot, home to a wide variety of signature dogs, from the Sonoran, with its delicious borracho beans, to the Chicago-style Joliet Jake, to my favorite little slice of hot dog hominess, the Dirty Jerz. Your dog will always have a crisp skin and taste like actual meat, just as it should be. Even next to the delicious hot dogs the sides do not disappoint. Try the sweet potato chips. You'll be hooked. I promise. The house made chips are excellent too and if your dog choice was not so south of the border, don't worry you can get a side of those tasty beans as well.  Top it all off with some selections from their pickle bar.Now you can have a soda to go with your meal, but you can also have one of the craft beers they have, both on tap and in cans. They always have the local breweries well represented and $3 brew night sweetens the deal even more. If you aren't really in the beer know, the counter staff aren't usually very well versed, but even if you take a wild guess they have enough quality choices that you should be pleased.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,4/4/2013,56,401,2,5,4>Midwood Smokehouse has been a hit most of the times I've gone.  Midwood knows how to smoke their Q.  The pulled pork, the brisket, the bacon wrapped jalapenos, the ribs...and even the creamed corn were so delicious, my stomach was sentient to every little detail.The service is friendly and helpful.  I am a firm believer in taking the advice of the wait staff and am rarely disappointed.  I am an adventurous eater though...so I do feel the need to try some different eats every now and then.  The inside of Midwood Smokehouse is bristiling with the Charlotte workforce during the weekday lunch hour, while filling with family and couples on the weekend.  The place is busy, so don't plan on camping out.  The decor is exactly what you'd expect...charming...smokey...woody...and cozy.  Love this place.Try:  The brisket plate with the creamed cornAvoid:  The brisket sandwich (while good...it's more like a blue cheese sandwich)
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,4/3/2013,165,779,6,6,6>I'm not sure you could find a better repair service even if you tried.  I had an issue with my Iphone 4 power/sleep button and I was on the hunt to find a good repair shop.  I went to the trusty google first and this company was one of the top returned searches.  After reading their feedback on facebook and reading their FAQ section I was sold.  The person came out to my condo, repaired the phone and was out the door in less than 30 minutes.  As I was calling around for comparison pricing the closest competitor, couldn't travel and was on a 3 hour delay.  If you ever need Iphone repair, please rest assured with this company.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/2/2013,151,1019,7,11,7>OMG!  I have a new favorite Mexican place in the QC!  This is a small place but what it lacks on space it makes up of food flavors!  My first experience here was actually a birthday celebration for fellow yelper, Chad E.  When I arrived the chips and salsas were already on the table along with homemade guac and pitchers of margaritas.  Three kinds of salsas ranging mild to spicy tickled my tastebuds.  The green one is the spiciest but my favorite was the smoky medium salsa. The guac was creamy with tomatoes mixed in.   Also arriving in time was the best queso I've ever experienced.  This queso was topped with onions and chorizo.  As a meal, at the recommendation of Tonya P, I ordered enchiladas.   Tonya recommended the Enchiladas verde but I went off on my own with the Enchiladas Entomatadas which sent my tastebuds into overload with chorizo.   The enchiladas are surprisingly light.  This was welcomed actually after the amount of food I had already consumed.  And we weren't finised.On with dessert.....Some of everything, please?  Or at least that's what was ordered for all of those in attendance.Churros with a strawberry ice cream.  Yummmmmmmmmmm.  Just the right amount of sugar coated these spanish donut-like sticks.  But then came the flan and this flan was the best I've tasted this side of the Atlantic.  And finally there was the tres leches cake which was extremely moist with a caramel cream icing. So many amazing flavors.  Honestly, the worst thing I had here was the margarita and it's only because i haven't had alcohol other than beer in about a year and it gave me a headache.  Most people probably love the 'ritas here.  Seriously this is a 6-star place.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,4/1/2013,212,802,3,9,4>My co-workers and I are always on the lookout for a good lunch spot, so we were excited to try Vine.  The decor has a nice warm, upscale-comfy vibe which sort of reminds me of 131 Main.  We were seated right away - the restaurant is fairly large and there are plenty of tables. One thing I noticed is that the water glasses are pretty small.  They bring water in a bottle  to your table, but with 4 people drinking it, it ran out pretty quickly. (The water bottle is not large & sort of looks like a wine bottle... which looked nice but wasn't very efficient.) Oh well, no big deal, they were pretty good about coming back and bringing more water as needed. So, onto the food.... I ordered the vine salad (Field greens, cucumber, grape tomato, goat cheese, toasted almonds and white balsamic dressing) and I decided to add salmon to it.  Salads come served with a slice of Jalapeno Cornbread (which is skillet-baked with roasted corn, cilantro, and jalapeño butter).  The salad and cornbread were very good and the salmon was cooked perfectly.  ($7 for the salad plus $6 for salmon to give you an idea of price-point). The service was ok, although our server forgot to bring one item that a co-worker had requested.  Overall though, I think everyone was pleased with their food and there were no major mis-steps, so we all agreed that we would like to go back and try more of the yummy sounding items on the menu.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/31/2013,216,466,4,9,6>WOW!  Every time I come here I am impressed.  The location is easy to find right on North Davidson and has a huge parking lot that wraps around the side of the building.  The decor is barn wood and industry-chic.  The bar area is spacious and has tables as well as seats at the bar.  The bar itself is stacked with everything in case you are with a non-beer drinking friend.  The beer selection is huge compared to other breweries nearby.  There is something for everyone - I looove the IP2A.  Very smooth and still high ABV.  You can try a flight tho if you aren't sure what you would like.The food is what really sets this brewery apart.  You can peak into the kitchen off the bar and see the chefs busily preparing orders.  Each menu item comes out of the kitchen as if it were a work of art!  I have personally had several items including various flatbreads and the pretzels with cheese sauce.  All of it fantastic.  The service has always been stellar whether you are in the bar or seated at a table.  There is a small patio out back too all set for summer time.  Love it here!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,3/30/2013,78,188,5,7,5>Rush is my go-to coffee spot when I'm at the office and can get away for a little while. When you walk in, you immediately notice the modern, European aesthetic: lots of sleek black and metal accented by splashes of red. Most coffee shops tend toward the cozy, which is not a bad thing, but Rush's approach is welcome.Fortunately, the coffee is high-quality as well (and also European). I have to admit, I didn't really care for the brew when they were serving Illy, but LaVazza is a much better label according to my taste buds. Two more things I appreciate about Rush: the loyalty punch-cards and the fact that the owner remembers my name, even though I am sure he has customers who are much more frequent visitors than I.If you're in Ballantyne, Rush should be high on your list of coffee options.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/29/2013,38,184,1,8,2>I've been to Hazelnuts Creperie for both breakfast and lunch, and they are a solid four star establishment. They are located in an office building next to McCormick & Schmick's.  This is a simple place, with two large tables inside their space, and a few more two- and four-seaters in the building.  The food is surprisingly good and it's worth giving them a try.I prefer them for breakfast, and my favorite is the make-your-own crepe with scrambled eggs, ham, cheddar, avocado, and chipotle aioli. They do scrambled eggs nicely by spreading the egg around the crepe so it bakes right in.  They are also generous with the fillings. The aioli is a really good call, as it adds both flavor and a little heat. If you add avocado, they give you half of one scooped fresh right out of the shell.  I LOVE this crepe.When my hubby joined me on one visit, he tried the mariachi crepe, with scrambled eggs, cheddar, bacon, black beans, and red onions.  I liked everything but the sauce - it was too creamy and there was a little too much of it. Their coffee is strong enough for our taste and is pretty good.  Refills are $1.For lunch, I have tried the make your own crepe with avocado, spinach, black beans, cheddar, and jalapeño cream.  You don't even miss the meat with this one!  The jalapeño cream also adds great flavor without being too spicy.I have yet to try their sweet crepes; I always have a craving for savory when I visit.  Eventually I will.  I really enjoy their food and plan to keep returning!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,3/28/2013,17,70,3,8,4>Wow, why has it taken me nearly 2 years to find this place??? I am a huge fan of pizza, but don't really care for a mediocre pie. Luisa's is as good as it gets. Granted, I have only had take-out from here so I can't comment on the service, but this is a perfect mix of New York style and brick oven -  delicious thin crust, corn meal on the bottom, whole milk mozzarella...delish. Our pizza had pepperoni, onions, and olives. I was surprised (and admittedly apprehensive) to see red onions when I opened the box, but they were delicious and probably even better than white onions.Next time we order pizza, it will ABSOLUTELY be from Luisa's!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/27/2013,15,63,1,8,4>I have been twice. Both times the service was very good and the food was good too. My first visit I had the Leap Year Burger which suggests you should only have it once every 4 years because of how decadent it is. For health reasons, I would agree but for the love of God how can I have this burger only once every four years? It was DELISH and soooo bad for you, which made me like it even more. I have come to the realization that I swoon over anything that is topped with a fried egg which the Leap Year Burger has. YUMMO!!!!Last night I had the Salmon Salad and although I appreciated the fact that they cooked my salmon as requested, Medium Rare, the salad itself was uneventful. Mixed greens with goat cheese and large rings of onion did not rock my world and the dressing that came with it, citrus vinaigrette, tasted artificial. I will most likely be sticking with their burgers.Last night they were offering 1/2 price apps if you Liked them on Facebook. Not sure how long that special will last but it was a great way to get us to order one of their apps.. We had the Nachos and they were OK.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/26/2013,75,87,4,4,4>Nathan Fish did my boyfriend's tattoo and it turned out amazing. We were there for about 5 hours and had nothing short of a good time. We had no trouble setting up an appointment and consultation. The fee was 100$ an hour. We were booked at 1:00 and he didn't start tattooing till 2:00, I believe another appointment went over, but we were out by 6:00p and only paid $300. I suggest Fu's to anyone looking to get a tattoo, there are photos of each artist's style on their website.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,3/25/2013,27,51,1,6,3>Felt I needed to provide an update for my 2nd visit to Karma Kafe.  I didn't make my breakfast ahead of time like normal, so on a whim I stopped in at Karma Kafe to see if they made breakfast sandwiches.  Pleasantly surprised by the choices, I usually try to stick with ham/egg/cheese breakfast sandwiches and that's what they had.  I think I saw the choices for meats were ham or turkey on the breakfast sandwiches.When I placed my order, I was asked if I wanted regular eggs, egg whites, or egg beaters.  Great selection and I ended up with an egg white (salt/pepper), ham and colby jack sandwich on a croissant.  Honestly it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have had in a while, and I won't think twice about stopping in if I forget my breakfast again in the future.Price-wise it was great, under $4 for the sandwich and definitely generous with the sandwich size.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,3/24/2013,9,51,2,3,2>First off... Order a "Wong"! Don't question. Just do! The most scrumptious, most deadly, most fantastic concoction of deliciousness to be had in liquid form. Now that that is out of the way. Order the special... whatever the special is just order it. Im not saying the rest of the menu is bad, it is fantastic in fact. BUT the specials they run are just... SPECIAL. I like feeling special and their specials do just that. Cool house converted to a restaurant makes an awesome atmosphere and cool neighborhood find. The place definitely fills up fast but with the help of opentable you can get a reservation and get a seat. There is a small bar that fills up but the bartenders are great. If you havent been to 300 East, GO!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/23/2013,454,65,4,13,9>If you're on this side of town and need to buy some alcoholic beverages then by all means try to stop here.  The prices are much cheaper than your average ABC stores (I think b/c it's on the South Carolina state line), but be warned get here early b/c they close at 7PM...don't be like me and drive all the way here from the University area just to be mad as...well you get my point!The selection here is huge!  I mean huge!  What you can't find at the ABC store you most definitely will find here.  They always have a tasting station where their showcasing the flavor for that day/week/month (they do ask for id to participate so have it ready).  If you can't find something then instead of walking to and from (b/c this place is big) then ask...every time I have they have always know where to take me so the sales associates know the layout well.Their are two prices on the sales sticker.  The "Cash" price and the "Credit" price.  The "Cash" price is cheaper but I have learned that if you use the Debit card option they will give you the "Cash" price.There's two sides to this place.  The alcohol side and the Beer/Wine side.  When you purchase something from either side you must first put it into your car before you can enter the opposite side (just wanted to give you heads up).Overall, definitely worth the trip!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/22/2013,27,89,3,5,3>I love brunch nom nom nom! I'm ALWAYS on the hunt for a good brunch spot so I'm glad we decided on this place. I have passed the area that it's in a few times but never really thought to venture in . It's tucked away right near the parking garage, which is kinda convenient and a short walk. We went on a Sunday around 12pm maybe and we waited around 30 mins for a table of 3. I tried a Mimosa which was good, more champagne than I expected so that was a plus along with the chocolate chip malted Belgian waffle with a side of grits and hash browns. The waffle came with one side but I'm southern so it's only right that I have grits with my meal Overall my food was good presentation wide could have been a bit better for the waffle - looks like they literally threw some chocolate chips on there and sent it out the door. I definitely would go back to try an omelet or the French toast! The only annoying part is that they don't' have much waiting room inside so either you stand out in the cold or cram inside.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/21/2013,196,213,7,6,5>Do you scrounge up couch change just to pay for a burger? Are you tapping into the kiddies' piggy banks to buy that happy meal? Are you looking for Charlotte on the cheap and incredibly tasty? Are you tired of Apollo Ono and Jared? Need a change of pace? Are you looking to be a little adventurous? Want to live outside of your comfort zone and live and eat on the edge?I just might have the remedy for your dilemma. For a measly $4, not only will you be treated to a sizeable foot long of fresh, earthy, orgasmic gastro explosions of exotic flavor; you will also be transported to a wondrous off road journey into the urban jungles of an era reminiscent of a once glorious ethnic mecca.Cash only and 5th degree black belt not required...well unless you want to protect that cash in your pockets. Or you can just hide it in your sock. Just kiddin'......It might look ghetto, but it's perfectly safe.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/20/2013,128,184,5,6,6>Triple C is a great edition to the brewery scene.  The owners are awesome. They will tell you the ins and outs of the whole place.  i beleive they even give tours.  The beers are wonderful and ever changing.  The great thing is also the price.  My tab has never been to expensive.  What makes this place great is that its always fun.  They usually have good live music or a good theme to the night.  Also, there are usually some awesome food trucks in the parking lot to kill the beer munchies.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/19/2013,64,504,1,6,3>We finally visited Vivace for the first time this past Saturday night.  As expected, it was beautiful inside the restaurant.  As unexpected, while it isn't supercasual, it's not superdressy or stuffy either.  It was "just right."  Classy, but casual.We were seated in a corner booth/table.  The lighting/atmosphere of the restaurant is very pleasant, and the decor is very modern.  To start, we ordered a couple of random Italian wines neither of us had heard of before.  And, yes, I probably pronounced it wrong.To start, we ordered the calamari fritti and bruschetta with goat cheese, tomato, and broccoli rabe.  The portion of the calamari was very generous.  And while spicy tomato aioli dipping sauce and grilled peppers sprinkled in between the calamari pieces gave the dish a great flavor, the calamari itself didn't have much flavor.  I think the coating needed some spices/flavoring added to it to really perk it up.  The three pieces of bruschetta were delicious, but I didn't taste much of the goat cheese.  I think it could have used more, especially for the price.  Because the portion was so big and we had other food still on its way, we only finished about 2/3 of the calamari.  Our server came by to take it away and we were surprised that he didn't offer to box it up for us, so I spoke up and asked for a to-go box for it.  BTW, we never did see the rest of the calamari again.  Whomp whomp.  I guess it was just as well.  Calamari doesn't necessary reheat very well.  It just seemed odd that our server would just take it away, though, and not ask if we'd like the rest of it wrapped up.  We did pay for it after all.  And the table next to us had two big bags of leftover food that they were taking home. Next came soup and salad.  My partner ordered their soup of the day, which was a black eyed pea soup, and I ordered the caprese salad.  I'm not a big fan of black eyed peas, but the creamy soup had a good flavor to it.  My salad was fantastic, though.  Different than normal caprese salads consisting of tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, basil, and balsamic vinegar, this one had roasted tomatoes, mozzarella, pesto, and balsamic vinegar.  The roasting of the tomatoes (that were served cold) really made a huge difference and gave the dish extra flavor.    We ordered so many pre-meal dishes because we noticed that Vivace offers smaller portions of some of their entree dishes.  That's great for diners who would like to sample a variety of their items, like we did.  So for our mini entrees, my partner tried the Butternut Squash Tortellini and I tried the Scallop Risotto.  The risotto was actually a pumpkin risotto with two good-sized grilled scallops on top.  Both had a delicious flavor to them.  Again, it was "just enough" because we had already had several appetizers/tapas.  This was like just one more.  I'd like to come back during the warmer months and try their fabulous patio seating, but I'll make sure not to order too much food that I can't take to-go.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,3/18/2013,150,417,4,5,7>I'm really surprised that I haven't written a review about this thrift store yet! I've been all over Charlotte since I moved here looking for a good store that I'd frequent most often for my random whims and adventures. Lo and behold, this location is in my own back yard. Ok, well not reallllly my back yard, more like my own back street, down another street, and then in a plaza... but it's relatively close to me. This location has proven to be the best time and time again when I'm on a clothing binge, or a random piece of furniture. I found a ton of Express Studio work pants for next to nothing and they look like new. Talk about ecstatic!!! I also got a huge picture to go in my bedroom that runs the length of the wall for only $25. This Goodwill is hands down my favorite location. My only complaint is that they don't have the pants divided up into sizes, so it's sort of a random free for all. But I'm pretty crafty when it comes to sniffing out a good deal, so I find what I'm looking for every time. :)
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/17/2013,87,62,13,20,9>I never thought I would be writing a review for a grocery store, but I also never left one asking my wife if I could come back with her next week when she does the weekly shopping.  I also never went to work the next day and pondered if I should drop by a "grocery store" on the way home for a beer.  This is the effect 201 Central has on you. They are promoting themselves as a "specialty store", but I would describe them as a super market nesting doll made up of a sandwich shop, shoved into a coffee bistro, shoved into a local bar, shoved into a wine room, shoved into a grocery store, shoved into a Total Wine, with a JR's Cigar humidor room off to the side. This place is the unofficial house party headquarters, which happens to live in the same shopping plaza as the ABC store. They might as well change the name to Fridays, because this is the first place you will stop after punching your last weekly time card.When you walk in the first thing you see is a small bar off to the right. There are stools lined up all around it, and a WiFi seating area with tables as well.  This is where you can pick up sandwiches, snacks, coffee, tea, soft drinks, or what drew me over, their beer and wine selections.  I was looking over the craft beer menu, when the guy behind the bar asked me what I was interested in. I said I was just browsing the menu and planned on walking around, that maybe we would stop in on the way out. To which he replied, you know I can pour you a pint of beer and you can walk around the store drinking it while you shop, to which I replied, Uhhhhhh then by all means I'll take a Left Hand Milk Stout and my wife will have a Blue Moon. And there we went, pushing our metal shopping cart, drinking two pints of beer, they had my return service right there. Awesome concept Harris Teeter!As we pushed through the store drinking, commenting, and gasping at the amount of local craft beer and wine selections they had, we came across a total of 4 craft beer sample stations. I had offerings from Great Lakes Brewing, the best being their Edmund Fitzgerald Porter, fell in love at the Sweet Water brewing station when the rep realized I had tried all their Sweet Water offerings before, she opened the beer freezer and pulled out Danktoberfest and let me sample it right there in the store. Needless to say that tactic worked I left with two bombers. The Saranac vendor was also there giving out tastings of their entire winter sampler pack. Absolutely loved the Chocolate Lager and they were also selling this limited 32oz growler of their delicious Pumpkin Ale for get this, $3.49, but wait I forgot 201central this week has 20% off ALL craft beer in the store so that was really $2.79!  I filled my cart like I was at Sam's Club buying toilet paper, and we took our slight buzz to the next tasting station which was none other than Bell's Brewery. I love all of their beers, so we sampled their entire catalog, and even though their beers are more expensive, you get what you pay for, and luckily the 20% deal came through again! What a great start to this franchise!I will wrap this up, but just know we also stopped by a wine tasting station, walked into a giant humidor room with the sweet aroma of cigars, and noticed they sell every chip, dip, dessert, and microwavable snack item you would ever want to stock your house with to entertain family or friends.  The Grand Opening is this week at both their locations so walk in, grab a drink, and evaluate it yourself.  I think they have struck gold with this idea, and I hope it catches fire and spreads to every upscale super market in the area.  I'm a huge fan of where Harris Teeter has went with this concept, and I'll probably start stealing the grocery list off the refrigerator just to have a reason to shop here again.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,3/16/2013,1034,436,19,12,11>5Church is my kind of church, I could see myself being in the congregation every Sunday.  Shrimp & grits, breakfast pizza and crabcakes with poached eggs. Yes, can I get an Amen?  Pastor Chef Jamie is kicking ass.  Of course, Sunday isn't complete without bloody marys or mimosas, bases covered.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/15/2013,33,134,3,4,3>My favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. I love sitting on the patio, enjoying chips and salsa and their drink with vodka and limes. I usually get the ensalada de la casa, just be careful because the dressing is SPICY! I also enjoy the enchiladas a la crema if I'm really hungry. Great neighborhood restaurant.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/14/2013,49,49,3,4,3>Want to impress your out-of-town friends with some delicious southern food. Bring em to Mac's Speed Shop. My friends from DC couldn't believe the size of every item on the menu.My personal favorite has to be the Beef Rib*. If you are a beef-loving insomniac this is the entree for you. Hot and tender fall off the bone beef smothered in some sort of magical BBQ sleep sauce. Definitely a must go *meal does not include pillow
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/13/2013,4,113,4,7,3>Obsessed.  I am officially obsessed with Switchin Kitchens.  It is an absolute GEM.  I LOVE this place.  I repeat, I LOVE this place.  We discovered the magic of SK when a friend brought over sweet potato enchiladas (A MUST TRY!) from the SK "Take and Bake" menu.  We were just home from the hospital with our newborn and were enjoying waves of meals from neighbors and friends.  As our darling daughter grew and friends delivering meals slowed to a halt, I knew that I needed to find a solution to feed my family that was easy, healthy, fresh, and REAL food.  (We ate a lot of take-out during my pregnancy and that just wasn't going to be a realistic solution for my new years resolution: Operation Blast the Baby Jelly Belly.SK offers a HUGE range of fresh entrees, sides, appetizers, and "fun foods."  Nutritional information is available and you can order online and pick up later.  I prefer to have the chefs at SK assemble my meals, but of course, you can book in and go assemble meals yourself!  That way you can alter the meals in any way you'd like (i.e. no mushrooms?  less salt?  More salt?)  There's also a stockpile in their freezers you can go and choose from.  I popped in on Christmas eve and picked up a yummy meatball app to nosh on Christmas day!   Also, meals are affordable, generous portions (for a family of 3 eaters, we do the 1/2 portions and it's more than enough!)The main entree menu changes monthly, but there are take and bake entrees that are standard every month.  I believe the sides and vegetarian entrees stay the same for the most part as well?  Favorites so far: Sweet potato enchiladas, Fiesta Bake, Tuscan Chicken, Chicken Cakes, Crock Pot Carnitas, Thai chicken with snow peas, oh....too many to list.  Also, be sure to check out the "fun foods" section.  Awesome for kids.  My 2.5 yo loves cheeseburger pie with pickles!  Our new process is to order every week or so.  We order online - enough for the week - and pick it up a day or 2 later.  Bring them home, pop them in the freezer, and BAM...a healthy fresh new and exciting meal NIGHTLY!  It's a LIFESAVER for us (I love to cook but don't have the time, and frankly am not very creative in the kitchen unless I put in a huge effort.  Now we're eating healthy delicious real food meals nightly!!!  No more take-out or processed foods for this family!!!!Have I mentioned I'm obsessed??!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,3/12/2013,67,108,4,5,5>Lang Van is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte, hands down.The location itself is small and not in the most appealing location, but don't let that fool you. The front lot is super small, but there's more parking in the back. The seating is really tight, but I never feel cramped. The interior is simple and square, but spruced up with stitched maps of Vietnam on the tables and bamboo shoots around the perimeter. The service here is incredible. It's always packed, but the staff make sure to recognize and greet you as soon as you enter. There's never that many employees it seems, but they are buzzing like bees around to make sure everything is perfect. The thing that blows my mind is that my glass of ice water is never empty. As soon as I take a sip, it seems someone is there to replenish. YES!Appetizer-wise, make sure you try the TEMPLE ROLLS. These little guys are made in heaven. They are a simple clear rice paper roll filled with super crispy tofu, lettuce, mint, and bean sprouts. What makes them special is the PEANUT SAUCE. Dear lord I could consume buckets of this nectar.The menu is huge and has almost any Vietnamese dish you can think of and it's SUPER VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY. There's so much I wanna try but I usually get one of these 4 dishes:Bean Curd with Lemongrass (#69): big chunks of super crispy tofu, covered in lemon grass. On top of a bed of steamed vermicelli, green leaf lettuce, bean sprouts, mint, and cucumber. This all comes with a ramekin of light sweet and sour sauce to pour over top of everything.Tofu with Garlic Sauce (#70): This is almost just like the bowl above, but the tofu is stir-fried instead, and instead of lemongrass and sweet and sour, there's a garlic sauce.House Special Hot Pot: LOVE. This is definitely the most filling of my favorites. The top layer is fried tofu, broccoli, cauliflour, carrots, celery, and onion. Underneath is a rice cooked with a tomato sauce... it's thick and sticky and hearty and the perfect compliment to the veggies.Pineapple Fried Rice: This dish is pretty simple. It's a basic fried rice with tofu, pineapple, onion, egg, broccoli, cauliflower, carrot, and celery. The kicker is that it's served in an actually pineapple half/bowl.... so cool! Your check comes with a couple packaged candies (which I do NOT like) and a couple peanut butter cookie biscuits. These little peanut bundles are DELISH, do not pass them up. When I was here last week, the owner gave my boyfriend and I a whole jar of them as a new years gift. Surely, they weren't giving them out to everyone where they? Either way, this was so so kind and generous... I LOVE YOU LANG VAN.Edit/Update: I was recently introduced to the Vietnamese Iced Coffee at Lang Van. Delicious! They bring it a tall skinny glass out which has chilled sweet condensed milk at the bottom. At the top is a small device like a mini Vietnamese French Press. The super strong coffee drips down into the chilled milk. When finished, you stir it up and pour over your second tall glass of ice.I'm coming here more often for lunch to get my caffeine fix. Yet another reason I love you, LV.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/11/2013,36,47,3,5,4>This pizza place is the closest thing to NY.  Don't get me wrong, the feel of the place does not make you forget that you are in Charlotte and are eating at some local pizza joint in Queens or Brooklyn.  But if you close your eyes and use a bit of imagination, you might think you are! Yes, the pizza is that good.  Being a home-grown NY guy,  I can say that I'm lucky to have had the best pizza in the country whenever I wanted.  Now that I'm in Charlotte (and anywhere else for that matter), good pizza is hard to come by.  Besides your run-of-the-mill Pizza chains like Pizza Hut and Dominoes (all of which I am not a fan of), I think the best pizza places are those which you can grab a quick bite to eat.  In NY, we refer to these joints as "street corner" pizza places.  BK Pizza Parlor is that type of place - but also has the feel of a restaurant.  I had the regular cheese pizza - no need to get all fancy.  The crispy crust, tasty sauce, and whopping amounts of gooey cheese made this place the best pizza place i have had in Charlotte.  I definitely recommend!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,3/10/2013,16,56,1,9,3>If you read my reviews before and tried the places I write about then you will realize this may be the only one you need to read!  i will make this short!Bobby O's CRUSHES any other BBQ place around.  Midwood, Macs, Jim n Nics.....etc.  Tastes like you just took it off the smoker and the brisket is tender and stretches a little before it tears, yumm. The sauce on the pulled pork is vinegar based with a little spice to it and their signature sauce is sweet but not overpowering (best bbq sauce I have had).  Sides are incredible (mac n cheese/cabbage, collards are my recommendations). Staff is unbelievably friendly! Flaws: they need another location! it is always hot in there (but that comes with the whole experience of being right next to all of the cooking equipment so it could really be seen as a pro and not a con depending on how you look at it). Recap:  this is hands down the best bbq but if you are planning on going with more than 4 people I would suggest getting takeout as there is not much room to sit.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,3/9/2013,40,52,3,4,3>Think Chocolate, a sweet spot located in Ballantyne offers handmade chocolate, baked goods, coffee and gifts.The chocolate lover's dream shop is a labor of love of owner Ruth Faure and features homemade treats ranging from cookies to macaroons to cake bites, croissants and more. The chocolate list is vast and delicious and other items not to be missed include the caramels and crumb cake. You can even grab a frozen hot chocolate drink or homemade marshmallows, if you'd like. And if coffee is all you need, you can grab a cup of joe brewed in house with beans from a local coffee roaster in Charlotte. In addition to the sweet treats, Think Chocolate offers gifts that range from cute mugs, chocolate dipped wine bottles, journals and a variety of items with a Charlotte flair created by local artisans. Think Chocolate also does custom catering for all types of events.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,3/8/2013,46,70,3,5,5>This place is badass.  They've got all kinds of homemade Italian goodies.  Some of my favorites include the fresh pasta, freshly frozen gnocchi & ravioli, all the sauces, fresh focaccia breads, and the cannolis!!  I've never been disappointed with anything.  Sometimes I ask the dude that always wears Red Wings gear for recommendations and he is continually spot on.  The staff in general is really helpful.  I love supporting this local Italian grocery store.It's now a Sunday tradition to stop here and then grab a couple bottles of wine from Trader Joe's (They have a nice selection here, but TJ's is so cheap...).  It usually costs under $25 for 2 people.  Sweeeeet deal.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,3/7/2013,22,60,2,4,2>WOOHOO - break it down one time!  I went to tonight's Zumba class, and it was better than any other zumba class I've ever taken.  In fact, the whole class was basically like dancing it out at 'da club on a rockin' Saturday night - hooting, hollering, and a whole lot of ass shaking.  And the venue completed the effect, as the class was hosted in Marginy (Charlotte Magazine's 2011 Best Dance Club, Creative Loafing's Best Gay/Lesbian Club).  There were 3 instructors who rotated each routine, which kept the energy super high throughout, and the guys and girls in the class responded each time a new song played.  I hear Queen City DanceOut has a variety of other classes - I will definitely be back for Zumba and can't wait for what else they offer!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/6/2013,33,176,1,6,3>If your looking for a pet sitter who absolutely LOVES her job Rebecca at Midwood Pet sitting is it!! She really is awesome! She has just started walking my pup for me in the afternoon and she also took her for my night away which was great because my dog was able to play with her and her dog as opposed to being in her crate and just being let out throughout the day. I received Texts throughout the night letting me know how my dog was doing along with pics. It really makes me going away a lot easier knowing she is taking such great care of my dog!! I would recommend Rebecca to everyone I know!! Lexi (my dog) Loves her too!!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,3/5/2013,137,460,3,6,5>Finally made it to check out the SnoBalls.  This was a late evening visit and although there was no one in line, it took a bit for the SnoBalls to be prepared.  In any case, the SnoBalls were quite tasty; better than a Snow Cone.  The number of flavors is unreal.  You can have just about anything that suits your fancy.  When you get to the bottom of the cone (mango), the combination of the extra flavoring and ice is soft and sweet.  Very good and good for you, I think.  After all, it's just ice, right?!  The cost is less than ice cream and you definitely won't get as many calories!  For that, I say cheers!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/4/2013,13,44,3,3,3>Been going here for years - there was a couple of years when I thought it was going downhill, but not anymore!  They just renovated the bar area - I actually liked it before and I like the renovation - it's ...softer I guess - squishy couches vs. all of the hardwood - not sure which I prefer.  Anyways, we always sit at the bar vs. the dining room area, which feels a little too formal for my liking.  The bartenders are super friendly and have good suggestions and the food here is always spectacular, in my mind.  Their sweet and sour calamari is my favorite; the raw tuna tacos were very good, but it's a small portion if you're sharing - only 3 little ones; the Queen City roll was good but has too much rice for me.  Highly recommend the tuna tuna tuna.  The Saki marinated sea bass is expensive but well worth the price.  I could bathe in the broth it comes with.  The brunch is the best I've been too - even our kids love it.     We've started getting takeout here and I was really surprised at how good it was, given takeout usually is half as good as it is in the restaurant.  Big fan!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,3/3/2013,19,157,5,6,4>First time at Napa. I sat at the bar for a glass of wine and to take out. Service was great from the beginning. The menu is limited which is a good thing - that means they can concentrate on the items listed without trying to be all things to all people. They offer small plates including some very nice looking oysters served in individual white porcelain cups. All of the plates I saw coming out of the kitchen were nicely presented. In addition, they have large plates ranging in price from $17 to $24. I chose one of the large plate selections - Poulet Rouge with roasted root vegetables.So I will interject this: I take out a lot. Some restaurants do a good job and others don't get it. What really bugs me is a nice restaurant putting the entree in a too-large container. The food looks skimpy and it sloshes around on the way home. The Poulet Rouge was absolutely the BEST take out meal I've enjoyed lately (and perfectly packaged in recyclable cartons.) The chicken was cooked well done. The entire outside was very crispy but the inside was not compromised. And the vegetables...... ah! I seek decent vegetables at restaurants and Napa has won my award. Perfectly cooked sweet potato, cauliflower and broccoli rabe (I know, not a root vegetable but it fit in the mix.) I recommend Napa for sure! It's pricey but my first impression was great. Oh and by the way, as I stood to leave, the bartender apologized for not having the time to get to know me because it was busy.... that was pretty cool. I'll be back.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,3/2/2013,82,65,1,5,4>One of the best things about living in the 'burbs is Gallery at Ballantyne Hotel.  I love this place for a lot of reasons, great service, wonderul bar menu and atmosphere.  During my most recent visit I enjoyed a beer and wonderful cheddar cheese and bacon sliders.  My friend had a great berry martini and fish tacos.  Her two generous fish tacos were more than enough for a meal and got two thumbs way up!The bar has the best atmosphere and the most comfortable seating. Even when it's crowded, you can always converse without having to raise you voice while continuing to sink back in comfy chairs.  They have wine and other drink specials and don't forget the great patio that overlooks the golf course when weather is great and the sky is Carolina Blue!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/1/2013,46,131,2,3,2>First pointer: Although the address says N. Tryon, the entrance to this place is on College St (back side of Hearst Tower) so you can decide where to park. We parked at Church and 5th thinking it was just around the corner but then had to walk two blocks which wasn't a pleasant walk on our way back from dinner when it got chilly and rainy.Ambiance: Intimate. Soft lighting and pleasant music. We went at a time when the restaurant wasn't crowded. Only 4 tables were occupied, but I believe this place must be packed for lunch.Service was courteous and our food arrived in reasonable time. Our server kept our glasses full.We ordered the Summer Roll and Hot and Sour Soup. The Summer Rolls were as good as any others (they all taste the same) but the veggies were fresh. The Hot and Sour soup was good (we split it). For the entree we had the Mongolian chicken, which was mind blowing. It had just the right amount of spice, hot enough to open up my blocked sinuses, but not overly spicy. The flavors perfectly melded. The portions were large enough. Me and my boyfriend left the place with full tummies and some leftover Mongolian chicken.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/28/2013,249,585,5,17,8>I was honored enough to attend the "Restaurant Impossible" reveal dinner here last week & was really pleased with what the restaurant had to offer. I had never been here prior, as I don't get down to the Ballantyne area much.FIrst off, the decor is fantastic; however, it doesn't look like it belongs in a strip mall restaurant. :) Lovely IKEA wooden kitchen utensils hang from the lights & gorgeous stone fireplace in the middle of the dining area...Props to Taniya Nayak (from HGTV) & her team for making it look so nice! Dion L., Katie M., & Simone M., & myself ordered several different appetizers to try: fried green tomatoes, crawfish mac 'n cheese, black eyed peas hushpuppies, & shrimp & grits.  The taste & temperature of every item was perfect. The presentation was nice, as well. Oh & the sweet tea...absolutely southern sweet tea!For our meal, we all chose something different & had every intention of sharing, but after the meal arrived, we couldn't bear to share. :D  I chose a hamburger (it has a "special" name, but I can't remember it) with fries. The hamburger came with lettuce, tomato, which were fresh. The hamburger was thick & juicy. There was about a handful & a half of fries, which after eating the hamburger (& sampling all the appetizers), I couldn't finish the fries.Our waitress Amy, was a real sweetheart & talked with us quite a bit.  The owners were there of course & they came around & spoke with everyone.  Such a nice & humble couple!The restaurant isn't that big, they do have booths & table seating.  You do feel comfortable being here.Good Luck, Sweet Tea's! I hope you will continue serving the south Charlotte area for a long time!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,2/27/2013,187,1664,11,12,6>In the beginning, there was Hooters (were Hooters?). Though they were good, it was not, if you get my drift. If you don't, just carry on. Over time, Hooters grew, and this could also be seen as good. And this is going downhill fast. So we will move on.Over time, others came onto the scene. In Charlotte, it meant Bikinis. Not impressive in their first incarnation, and better in their second. Then Tilted Kilt. Better still. Finally, Twin Peaks. Truly a destination that everyone can enjoy. For the most part.Sure, this is not for every meal. You have televisions everywhere and they do not interfere with your conversation. There is a massive bar down the middle. It is a lodge atmosphere. There are women sporting cleavage. But their uniforms are mostly tasteful, and perhaps most important - they coordinate, both with each other and the surroundings. In a lodge? You need lumberjacks! Plaid tops and khaki bottoms. They accessorize with belts, boots and colorful socks. But the basic uniforms match, unlike other places (ahem - Bikinis).Service was excellent all around, which I'm sure will draw comparisons to other not-so-savory locales, but hey, it is what it is. Food quality is good, but some items are better than others. Taco appetizers are not worth it, while the hangover burger is one of the better items I've had around town.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,2/26/2013,31,89,3,5,4>I couldn't think of any knocks against this theater.First, it is not your traditional theater. It is age 18 and over only. So kids and crying babies are not allowed in the theater (except on Mondays when kids eat free) They also have a $5 movie night on Tuesdays and other special events (check the site for these. Ex. Breakfast club on Sat and Sun and College night with $2 domestic pints). The concept is a movie theater you can go kid-free and enjoy a drink and even food during the movie.When you walk in you can see murals of classic and blockbuster movie posters lining the entire place. It has a very cool vibe for nostalgia. The lobby is very open and comfortable with a bar in the middle serving your favorite drinks and a lounge area complete with pool table. At the bar, they have TVs showing silent movies.Once inside the theater, the rows are spaced nicely and each has a bar area complete with menus, condiments, and they even thought to put a roll of paper towels underneath the bar. Waitresses pop their heads in from time to time and you can signal them you are ready to order just by putting your menu vertical. They are very discrete taking your order so not to interrupt the movie for others.And the food? I went to an event where we got to sample many of their offerings. I did not have one bad thing. The pizzas, sliders, grilled cheese, brownies, nachos...all were delicious. I would easily consider this an all in one destination if I were to decide on a dinner and movie night.And because of the bar area and lounge area in the lobby, you could make this a stress free dinner and movie date place.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,2/25/2013,41,363,4,6,4>We've been living in Charlotte for a year now, and we've been to quite a few restaurants in our time. However, while I have found that perfect BBQ joint I dreamed of, I had not yet happened across the quintessential place for good ol' Southern cooking...in particular fried chicken. Well, that is now a thing of the past, for I have found Merts.You could tell just from walking inside that it was going to be a great Southern food experience. The interior of the restaurant is colorful and eye-catching, and the art and decor screams Southern. The interior was full to capacity, but we were able to snag a table outside. The outdoor area is a mixed bag. While it's nowhere near as crowded as inside (with only four tables or so) the Charlotte pedestrians take it upon themselves to walk through the outdoor area. It was a bit disruptive to be eating a nice meal while people constantly walked right against your table. I wasn't a fan of the beer list since Merts does not carry any drafts, so I stuck with unsweet tea. After placing our orders the server came over with a small loaf of cornbread for each of us. This cornbread was spot on for me! Not gritty, a little sweet and extremely crumbly. You could tell it was fresh from the oven, and that made it super awesome!For dinner I ordered the beef ribs and leg quarter fried chicken combo. I wasn't crazy about the ribs themselves, as they were a bit tough and chunks of bone kept flaking off. I did enjoy the sauce, as it was a sweet and tangy sauce and not vinegary. Now the chicken was THE BOMB! I've been searching for fried chicken down here, and have been disappointed time and again. So far I am confident to say that Merts has the best fried chicken (though I haven't made it over to Price's yet, so don't jump on me for that yet.) The battered skin was light and crisp, and not greasy. The interior was that moist and juicy you expect from fried chicken. I was in heaven scoffing that chicken down, and I wish I had more right now! The miss' ordered the catfish and fried chicken breast combo, and that was also pretty dang awesome. The catfish was a huge filet just plopped on the plate. The meat came right off and was so light and tasty. The batter was also perfect, with not too much that didn't take away from the soft flavor of the fish. They serve it with this spicy sauce that was a good compliment to the fish. The chicken breast was just as good as my leg. Even the white meat stayed juicy and tender! The miss' didn't eat too much of it after filling up on the fish, so there are plenty of chicken leftovers in my future!The other thing that Merts does damn good is sides. One problem I've had at BBQ and other places down here is that the meats are perfect, yet the sides are extremely lacking. Merts has some of the best dang sides money can buy. We both ordered the mac & cheese and it was simply the best I've had down here. Some places I've been to make it watery or oily or just not flavored right, but Merts had it all. It was a firm consistency with a great cheesy flavor, and the cheese crust on top was awesome. I also tried black eyed peas for the first time and loved them. They were cooked perfectly and were served in this kind of gravy that was also tasty. The miss' ordered the collard greens and I have to say that I liked those too. I'm generally not a fan of collards as they are bitter, but these were cooked in such a way that the bitterness was taken down a notch or two. They had some citrus flavoring to them that helped tone it down and added a different level of flavor to. All in all, the sides kicked butt! Unfortunately we were so stuffed from this massive meal that we did not stick around for dessert.I have to say, when I think home cooked Southern fare, I will always associate it with Merts. They can fry up some mean chicken and fish, and their sides and veggies are top notch. It's a busy place but it is definitely worth the trip.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/24/2013,94,181,1,3,2>Only one of a few TRUE Greek places in Charlotte (meaning, a restaurant that actually specializes in Greek food). And thankfully, they do it right! Having lived in Chicago and Toronto (largest Greek community in North America), I'm fortunate to have tried a LOT of excellent Greek cuisine. I wish Charlotte had MORE to offer, but hey, at least we have the Greek Isles and the Mad Greek down the street (currently in Renovation). I just had to have the Gyros because they serve REAL gyros! Meaning, cut from the roasting spit....NOT that awful frozen Kronos meat that most places serve. My Aunt had their lamb chops and she got 6 small chops but they were very flavorful and done to HER liking (she's 85 and likes them well done [Oy Vey!] -  I'm a medium rare kinda guy thank you).Of course, no trip to a Greek restaurant is complete without Saganaki (the flaming cheese). Finished with Greek Rice Pudding.Overall a really good experience. The Owner came to chat with us and saw my "Taste of Chicago" shirt and yes, he too is from the Windy City! So he was very personable and made sure everything was to our satisfaction, which is definitely was.Definitely worth many return visits!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,2/23/2013,36,206,1,4,3>AZN is tucked away in Piedmont Row, but it's definitely a stand out. It was fairly quiet the night we went in (a Wednesday), but I could see how it would be hopping on a weekend night. The circular bar looked inviting, and the dining room uses a water feature to set a relaxing vibe; the décor is modern without being too pretentious. Onto the food! We ordered the Vietnamese Spring Rolls just to get a handle on what we were dealing with. (If an Asian restaurant messes up spring rolls, you know you're in trouble.) However, they were delicious. They definitely didn't skimp on the chicken, and the rolls came with two different sauces for dipping. For entrees, we got the Seven Flavor Basil Beef and General Tzu's Chicken - both were generous portions, and both meats tasted very high-quality. We skipped dessert, but the complimentary fortune cookies came dipped in chocolate. Consider my mind - and my taste buds - blown.  Additionally, our server went above and beyond to make it a fantastic experience.  Definitely a restaurant we'll have to head back to and maybe the best Asian restaurant we've tried in a very long time.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/22/2013,42,110,6,7,4>If you haven't been here, get off Yelp, stop looking at pics, and go!!!!!! I personally think they should have their own shop outside of 7th St. market. I've been wanting to get some of this coffe for so long but couldn't figure out where it was lol. I just happened to be in 7th St. market one Saturday and...BAM!! There it is. So my mom and I had to sit down for a cup. We had great service and great coffee. Nice atmosphere right at the bar, but everything else around is kind of a distraction. (Except for Pure Pizza). Overall it's great coffee! Check it out!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,2/21/2013,31,101,3,5,4>After hearing so many word of mouth raves about this place we decided to check it out during a beautiful summer evening. The restaurant is located on Montford and has a distinct retro-modern natural vibe inside (think exposed brick and wood). There is a simple patio outside and a parallel bar area with high tables (which is where we sat). There is a lot of energy inside so don't expect a quiet meal.As many have stated, the menu is tapa's style, with a number of small plates, along with entree's should you desire. The menu is seasonal so what we ate may not be available later in the year. Everything from the arugula salad to the falafel to the seared scallops with corn was wonderful. The service is just right, attentive without being overly pushy and the wine list is lively.Overall a great experience and fine night - both this place and Barrington's top my list of Charlotte's best.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,2/20/2013,10,65,1,5,2>Still one of my all-time favorite places to go for pizza, wings, and of course, BEER!  A few things to note, however.  Chef Meredith is no longer reigning in the kitchen, she has moved on to a better opportunity.  The food at Revo's is still great, however.  I have no noticed any quality change.  Also, they are updating their bar area and adding more taps and a lot more TVs.  I can't wait to see the finished product!The staff is awesome, some of the best people working in restaurants are working here.  Stop by and see them, you won't regret it!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,2/19/2013,55,94,4,5,4>Recently, our (really nice) washing machine broke and it will cost several hundred dollars to fix it.. again!. In the meantime, we've resorted to doing our laundry (remember, there are 8 of us in our household) in laundromats. Needless to say, most of the people I see here are interchangeable with your average Wal-Mart patron/employee. We've been to a few and we usually haul ass outta there hoping we don't get shanked. On our way out we usually notice how shoddy the machines are, how filthy the place is and how disgusting the vending machines are.But not at Mega Wash my friends! Not to say that Charlotte's elite hang out here with any regularity, but you can tell Mega Wash gets a lot of TLC from its owners and the two Hispanic ladies who manage it. The machines are very modern and range from your average top-load size (even though they are not top-load, household appliances, they are commercial level machines) to mastodons that can handle 80 lbs at once! Same with the dryers, they have some dryers where I can comfortably fit my fat ass and tumble around for a bit to get a buzz.Also, this place has a cool card-system where you purchase (well, you get your $1 when you return the card) a card and then you just refill it as you need it. The machines then read the card and deduct the cost for using that particular machine. The card also has a point system (yeah, fancy shit for a laundromat but very interesting if you ask me, and you did), where, depending on the amount of money you put in the card you start reaching a "goal". This is visually represented on the screen where you load your money into the card with a progressing bar every time you put money. When you reach your goal, you get free money added to your card to wash for free. I have never paid attention to the system but since there are so many of us, one time we ended up with like $5 on our card for reaching a certain goal.I really don't like laundromats (my mom wasted 12 years of her life working in one when we moved to the US in one to put us through middle and high school here. And by default, we spent a large part of our time in there as well), but under the circumstances, I am glad I found Mega Wash and it made my laundromat experience a little less painful.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,2/18/2013,117,303,1,5,4>I found this place around the time my previous doctor's office closed and SCFP was pretty much brand new at the time.  I almost always see Dr. Mendelsohn and concur with the previous review by Tre.  Dr. Mendelsohn is very knowledgeable, and takes time to ask questions so that he can try to figure out what's wrong.  He will do whatever it takes to make things right and always makes patients feel as comfortable as possible (for being in a doctor's office anyway).The office had some staffing issues at first as some of the front desk staff were less than friendly and unwilling to help, answer questions, or return calls.  Thankfully, these have been resolved (likely due to patient surveys).  The staff currently there are very nice and always eager to help and answer questions.Another good thing about this place is that my eye doctor moved next door at around the same time.  Come to think of it, that may have been how I found out about SCFP.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,2/17/2013,182,166,5,6,4>Whats not to like?This latest incarnation of Phat Burrito packs all the flavor, vibe, and service as the original Phat, and maybe even a touch more... I usually run the BBQ Steak Burrito with sour cream and guac (they are extra, but are well worth it).  Usually the food arrives within 3-4 mins of ordering.  In this case, my BBQ steak burrito arrived in a brown paper bag.  I made sure to grab three to four cups of the salsa from the salsa bar before lugging my brick of a burrito home to devour it.  The burrito was real and spectacular!  It was huge and looked bigger once I unwrapped it (that's what she said) from the foil.  They really create a unique flavor as the BBQ steak and grilled onions commingle in the warm confines of the burrito with refried beans, cheese, rice, etc.  I like their burrito because they are big enough so that one could satiate your hunger for a loooong time.  The guac was decent however I didn't like that it was not evenly distributed throughout my burrito - instead in was all gobbed in the back of the burrito and I ate it all in one bite.  Otherwise the burrito was awesome and perhaps a touch bigger than the burritos at the South End location.  I would highly recommend it to any burrito fan.  As far as the service was concerned - no complaints.  As always, every employee was chill and friendly.  I've been here three times now, and the service has been exemplary every time.  There was also plenty of parking in a well lit area.  Parking at this location is also preferable to the original one.   Enviably the question arises - Where can the best burrito be found in Charlotte?  Well you're in luck.  Here is my Official Best Burrito in Charlotte List:  For me Phat Burrito, especially this new location is a slight notch above Chipotle, followed by Johnny Burrito, Qdoba and Salsaritas (Moe's doesn't even make the list).
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,2/16/2013,25,251,5,13,5>Do you ever get the feeling when you step into a new business and immediately know you're going to love it? Sweet Lorraine's was like that for me. This bakery just opened (though the official grand opening is on July 14th) and everything is not only made from scratch the day of, but they locally source their ingredients.  For example, the coffee, is roasted right here in Charlotte. The family who owns this business haas such a tremendous story. Michelle told me she's a pharmacist, and her sister was a bond trader in NYC. After their mother passed away, their father sat down to talk to them about the importance of doing what you love. Michelle's sister went to culinary school, worked in NYC, and moved to CLT to be with family.  Fast forward to today and their dream has come true! The location is lovely and bright with big windows and a bit of seating. All the staff are friendly and genuine, and oh yes, the baked goods are simp delicious! I planned on getting only one item, but was tempted to get three. Since the sticky buns were so popular they had sold out and a fresh batch was being baked. So instead, I got a fruit tart, a lemon blueberry muffin and a banana pudding- type dessert. Each and every one of these was fantastic.  The tart was not too sweet with a nice smooth pastry cream base. The fruits were fresh and not over glazed. The crust not too thick either (some places make it like a hockey puck). The muffin, which was recommended to me too was excellent.  Obviously there are real blueberries dotted throughout. But the muffin itself was moist, the top had a nice chew and clean flavor. No strange mouthfeel afterwards when you buy one of those packaged muffins, or ones from Panera.The banana dessert, I only had one bite.  It was fabulous and creamy and flavorful, but after consuming a fruit tart and big muffin, I need a break! (I'll save this for after dinner...or as dinner replacement.)Bottom line, I'm really excited to have Sweet Lorraine open here in Charlotte. In a city saturated with frozen yogurt and cupcakes and day-old baked goods pass as acceptable (I don't even buy the ones at Dean & Deluca, and even when the WF opens, they'll keep pastry in their case for a few days.) Sweet Lorraine's is a great change of pace. Good luck you guys...I'll be back for the cookies, breads, cupcakes and that deliciously shiny and golden brioche that was sitting on the counter. Mmmm!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,2/15/2013,61,127,3,11,6>I remember back when this was a buffet. It was a fantastic buffet. But now, as a sit-down restaurant, it is incredible. The changes that the management made were spot-on and have elevated Dynasty to a remarkable gem in Matthews.They still have the incredibly tall doors and the stone warriors at the entrance, a nod to their heritage that is restrained and classy - something I appreciate. Don't "Americanize" the experience. This elegance continues as you enter the dining room and meet the staff. Everyone is incredibly kind and attentive. I didn't feel like I had a particular server assigned to me; everyone was helping all of the guests, and they never missed a beat nor was there a bit of confusion. The food is stellar. There was not a single thing negative or even constructively critical to say. I've known a few people from China over the years and have had a taste of "real" Chinese cuisine, and that's exactly what this is. They even have a section of the menu labeled "Exotic Dishes" with some of the more adventurous fare from the mainland.Speaking of the menu, I noticed two things in particular that made me elated: hot pot and dim sum. My first visit was for a Saturday lunch and the dim sum carts were visiting each table. We ordered from the menu today, but did select an order of dumplings from one of the carts. Delicious and perfectly cooked. Next visit will be strictly for the dim sum. As a fan of hot pot, I am eager to try Dynasty's as well.As far as the items on the menu, equally exceptional. Dynasty is in my opinion, one of the top new restaurants in the area.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,2/14/2013,154,294,3,12,6>Ohhh yes. My kind of place. Raggedy, but some pretty delicious duck. I'm an avid patron of this 'restaurant' as I come here and order full ducks often. If you have never had duck, I would recommend you to try it out as its just tasty.Anyways lets get to it. This place is located right off central in a little corner across the street from the gas station and such. It's a very small spot as its truly just a take out spot. Not quite a dine in place. They have pretty authentic Chinese dishes as when you go in you can see their menu of some bizarre things. Also, I wanted to note their sanitary score. Even though its an A, it's not an high A. I think it's not bad considering what they prepare. Stick to the duck, and you will have no issues. The prices are very reasonable as I have been to other duck restaurants and it seemed to be really expensive.Overall, this place is a pretty good place for some authentic duck with a reasonable price. Take out, take home, and eat it with rice or bread... Awesome.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,2/13/2013,66,70,3,7,5>This is your cool uncle's bowling alley.  The décor is retro, but manages to avoid entering the realm of cheesy.   I've come to expect bowling joints to be cold, awkward, and dirty, but TEN Park Lanes is warm, inviting, and immaculate. However, what truly sets this establishment apart is the dining.  Their bar (complete with bowling lane lacquered wood top) has an extensive offering of beers on tap, along with various flavors of moonshine :).   The menu extends well beyond your average pub food variety and ventures into yummy Country BBQ with all the fixin's.  Although their pride is their BBQ, I was actually most impressed with their more "common" menu items.   The hot dogs were plump, flavorful, and perfectly charred and the chicken strips were clearly made-to-order.  The breading was light and crispy and the meat was tender and seasoned.    It's pub food: upgraded.  My group thoroughly enjoyed this place, although I wish they'd ease back on the lane grease.  I almost performed the splits 4 times and missed out on what I'm sure would have been all strikes.  Shout out to Chad!  Super helpful employee.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,2/12/2013,102,232,1,6,5>Madalynn's is not a bad joint. It's conveniently located near home for me. The area around is known for mini-festivals, the small farmer's market that will hopefully kick into full swing soon and of course the night life of the Galway Hooker Irish pub right across the way. It finds itself in a cozy nook with a few tables and chairs for relaxing and a TV for keeping up with the latest turn of events.With all the other stuff they've got going on in the area they've certainly been in need of a cafe to mix up the collection a bit. Lewis, the proud owner of Madalyn's, claims he can make anything the other guys (Starbucks, etc) can. I'm no coffee drinker myself but I can speak for the tea which is not bad. However the selling point for me would have to be the warm caramel apple cider. It was the best way to start a cold day off! Meanwhile, when warmer months approach, I'll be awaiting a green tea frappuccino that can rival my personal all-time favorite by the Bucks.A note for Lewis: take a walk down to the farmer's market tent with the pumpkin and banana nut bread loafs, buy a few, slice them and sell them in your store. These go great with the teas, coffees, ciders, etc. Cheers!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,2/11/2013,73,52,3,5,3>One of my biggest complaints when I moved to Charlotte was the sushi situation. I mean, deep fried sushi? What the heck? I'm no purist, because I do love to experiment and try new flavors. But dropping a roll of perfectly-rolled sushi into a deep fryer is blasphemy, in my opinion. So... for this reason, I was hesitant to try Sushi 101 because I feared it would be another trendy sushi spot (I avoided any place with deep friend sushi for that reason). Anyway, our usual sushi spot was going through some management changes and the menu changed, so we had to branch out and try new places. My family is pretty predictable. The 9-year old boy loves ramen noodle soup with chicken and no veggies. The hubby loves sushi and ramen noodle soup with all the veggies they can fit in the bowl. I skip the soup and just eat sashimi and maybe a hand roll or two, a ginger salad or some edamame.We found Sushi 101 to be a really pleasant surprise! As you can imagine, we skipped the deep fried sushi (and now, I will step off the soap box)...Their noodle dishes are wonderful. I love how you basically build your dish. Pick your starch (noodle choices include udon, buckwheat, glass noodles and ramen... or rice), then your protein, then your "style". They can make it into soup, a stir-fry or even a "don" style which is over rice. LOVE this format!The sushi menu is extensive and satisfying to any sushi lover. For the purists, you can get a lovely sashimi. The fish is fresh and expertly prepared. Their presentation, even for the simplest of items, is lovely. The nigiri sushi rolls are great, and the portions are great for one, or to share (if you order a few). My only complaint is that there's just a little too much rice on the nigiri, but that's no biggie. I am in love with their Half Moon, which is a lightly broiled scallop concoction, it just melts in your mouth and leaves you begging for more!They do have a full bar, wine list (not extensive), sake and Japanese and domestic beers. The sodas are served in cans, which I've always found to be a little strange, but, again, no biggie. Just different.All in all, we love the service, the location and the menu. The food never disappoints, and this is now one of our regular sushi spots. It's best at lunch time, because you can get in and out in less than 45 mins!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/10/2013,92,370,4,2,2>Very personable staff.  I've had the pleasure of meeting the managers Tim and Mark.  Also the delivery guy Chad is pretty cool as well.The pizza isn't the best I've ever had, but the speed that it comes out and the friendliness of the service makes it my go to place for a quick bite in the plaza midwood area.  Lots of different slices to choose from in this converted old gas station.  Plenty of specials all at reasonable prices.No place better to be for a quick bite late night on the weekends IMHO!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,2/9/2013,16,212,1,4,3>I've never been disappointed here. Much better than PF Chang's. Sure, the dishes aren't off-the-wall creative, but its fresh and good.Best dish here: Basil Chicken.The service has always been friendly. Good enclosed patio area for little kids to run around while you eat.Portion sizes are HUGE...enough for take out, or to split among friends.Come with BOGO, and eat for cheap.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/8/2013,126,906,2,3,2>OMG!  This store is amazing!  I am a frequent shopper at the Blakeney location, but this store is about 4 times bigger!  I had been telling myself to get over and check out the new diggs, but I rarely get to hang around the Southpark area.In talking with some of the staff, this store used to be an old furniture store and they pretty much kept the layout... nice and open - great rubberized track flowing throughout that adds to the shopping experience as well as useful when trying on a pair of shoes and taking a spin (without going outside!).I was sad since the new store took away the bike expert from the Blakeney store, but really they all rotate so the knowledge between all of their experts is a shared effort.  On this particular visit, I ran into Francisco and he was trying to get me out on a group ride - I haven't been on my bike for so long due to some other issues I was dealing with, but it was great that he remembered me.A store like Try Sports is great for the community since it promotes a healthy, active lifestyle and really encourages people to live their lives!  If you are just getting into it, or a seasoned pro... this store is the perfect place to go for gear, equipment, advice, and finding friends.I encourage everyone to join their Believe Achieve Club program that gives a good discount to store items.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,2/7/2013,199,213,1,7,9>I love mexican food and I like Azteca restaurant around charlotte so we picked this spot since we were having a surprised B'day party for a friend who lives near by. The staff was courtious enough to work with us on the suprise B'day party. We were constantly going back and forth from our table to front door to see and make sure if they arrived or not so that we can supprise them and they didn't mind at all. We were total of 16 folks all together and they took really good care of us. Even after the supprise, they brought drinks on time, the food were ordered and it came in resonable amont of time considering we were big group. Even in between the supprise, apatizer and full dish items, we were hanging out like it was our place. No one bothered us and staff was very helpful in filling in our refills. All in all we had a plesent experience at this location.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,2/6/2013,155,972,3,3,4>Want to take your special date to a posh dinner? Dress fancy and get ready for a dining experience at Carpe Diem. I had to take Todd W's advice...goat cheese salad! The food was delicious! We ordered the cheese plate to start. It was proportioned well and the cream, the hard cheese, paired with the fruit and honey were just right. For the main entree, I ordered the vegetarian couscous and hubs got the veggie special of the day. Both were made fresh to order and I savored each bite. It was so good that even as full as I had become, I couldn't stop eating until it was almost gone. The wine list had plenty to choose from to make a nice pairing with your entrees as well. They try to source what they can from local farms and they make a menu to reflect what is fresh for the season.I love having a 2-hour dinner without feeling rushed; it makes me feel high class. The server was very nice and attentive, giving us time to enjoy the experience.Save your Benjamin's and when you're ready to splurge treat yourself to a night at Carpe Diem!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,2/5/2013,66,114,3,5,3>I really enjoy coming to Bombay Grille for a filling and satisfying Indian dinner. I love the chili naan and the samosas they offer and they have a large menu that has traditional Indian food as well as an Indo-Chinese section on the menu. I have also been there numerous times for their lunch buffet (more on the weekends so gather up some buds and go during the work week). The buffet has never been totally the same and you can get in and get out fast, even though I dont mind hanging there smelling in all the goodness. Enjoy!bombaygrille.com/charlot
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,2/4/2013,156,54,5,6,3>My 6 & 9 year old nephews would argue the reason to come to Queen CityQ is because of the Mac n' Cheese. They aren't wrong, what is often anafter thought at other barbecue restaurants is art here. The macaroniis never watery, the cheese is consistent thru the dish & there's justa touch of crust on top.You may think I'm ignoring the meat of the issue. Pardon the pun. TheQ slow smokes the meat that you will smell driving up 7th St parkingdeck (yes they validate). Rather than start a religious war amongstthe regional styles The Q serves the hand pulled pork naked andprovides, eastern, western, South Carolina mustard and their own housesauces. Pork isn't the only option here there's brisket, ribs, chicken& local sausages. If you're real hungry pick 3 or4 for a platter. Youcan bring your vegetarian friends to choose from the variety of sides.If you're in a different mood get the flying tuna tacos with Asianslaw. There's plenty of craft beer to wash down your choice.Inside you'll find the place is rustic upscale combining local barnbeams as accents to a casual seating area reflective of the uptownlocation.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,2/3/2013,66,101,2,12,5>Gastonia, you never cease to amaze me.  A restaurant chain with only 1 other location??  You're moving up in the world!  Amid the sea of Applebee's, Chili's, O'Charley's, and other Restauranty's, Tavern 24 is a shining beacon of hope for the restaurant scene in the Gashouse.  Solid menu with great options for bar food.  Great service.  Lots of seating.  Great selection of beers on tap (24 to be exact, which I will try in 7 months when I get this baby out of me).The nachos were awesome.  I ate them for my meal, and it was more than enough for this gal.  Hubby got the beer burger, and it too was delicious and beer-y tasting, and the fries were large, crispy, and delicious.  Very very reasonable prices for some solid, tasty, food.Congratulations, Tavern 24, I can no longer say that there are no decent restaurants anywhere in Gastonia.  You win.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,2/2/2013,16,48,4,6,4>It's rare I come across a place that gets everything right. There's almost always something I'd do differently if I owned the business. But A Piece of Havana is the sort of place where I'd really have to be stretching to find any reasonable criticism.In the 10-15 times I've been here I've tried several different appetizers, entrees, desserts and cocktails and not once has anything failed to impress. As far as I'm concerned, there are really only a few things a Cuban place has to get right: Cuban sandwich, mojito, ropa vieja, flan and cortadito. And finally, some effort has to be made with the decor and music to make the diner forget for a moment that he/she is actually still in Charlotte, NC. In every one of these and many more, A Piece of Havana surpasses expectation. Something as simple as their black beans are the best black beans I've ever had. The flan is also the best I've had, at least outside of the Spanish speaking world. Perhaps most impressive, the Cuban sandwich is as good as you're going to get outside of south Florida. I grew up taking family vacations to the Tampa Bay area to visit family. And until I found this place I'd given up on finding a proper Cuban sandwich in Charlotte. I don't know where they get their bread or if they bake it themselves, but it makes the sandwich. Everywhere else, to their eternal shame, seems to substitute French bread.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/1/2013,98,165,2,10,2>Hey all, wow!  I am assuming David is the owner or manager.I am also assuming that John T. is rating Hibachi Sushi Buffet on the price alone.  I WILL ADDRESS THE PRICE AFTER MY REVIEW.I gave them a 4 star because of service.  The place is friendly and go the extra mile to please you.  The place is also very clean, as in spotless.    The food is 3 or maybe 3.5 star.  There are four parts to this buffet.1. Sushi2. Chinese buffet3. Hibachi4. DessertThe Sushi is a solid 3.5 or 4.  The Maki rolls were decent.  Typical basic rolls.  Nothing really custom or special.  Generous portions of fish.   I would have liked to ask the sushi chef to prepare me a custom roll, but I just did not have time.  Plus, no clue if they make special requests.....The Sashimi was to die for, 5 star all the way.  Fresh and tasty.  White fish, yellow tail, salmon, etc.  Just excellent!  I wish they had more Unagi out, eat more Unagi, mmmmmm!!!!  hint hintThe traditional Chinese buffet is your standard buffet.  The crab legs are okay, I tried them was not that impressed.  But I want to state that the raw oysters rocked both my wife and me.  I was shocked!!!  The oysters were some of the biggest I have ever had!  They easily compare with Rusty Rudder or Vinnies at the Lake.  Tasty good.  The soups were very good.  The lobster shrimp were outstanding!   They had a great salad bar with some very cool and interesting dishes, like KimChi and Calamari Veg mixed....  Salad bar was all fresh veggies with a good assortment of dressings.The Hibachi was pretty darn good with all the meat looking very fresh.  Standard stuff.  Dessert bar had ice cream, cakes and fruit.  The fruit was all fresh and tasty.Okay PRICE.  David it is over priced.  Period.  End of story.  My wife and I dropped $50 on dinner for two.  Now, the true Connoisseur of sushi will opt to go to the four other sushi joints on Catawba Ave.  For $50 you can get a better sushi meal, not as much sushi or not a buffet, but higher quality sushi.  I get that Hibachi Sushi Buffet is in the Lake Norman area and can get a higher price, but for the average buffet guest, the price is more in the $9.95 -$12.95 range.   I agree that the price should be with or without crab legs, because not everyone likes crab legs or the effort it takes to eat them.  Furthermore, there is no way that a family of four or five can afford to eat there.  I see that Hibachi Sushi Buffet is doing all the right things to attract cusotmers.... Mailer coupons, yelp coupon, good deal!  I truly hope that this buffet stays around, it is so close to our house.  But I am willing to sacrifice my time and gas money to drive the distance into Charlotte, Pineville, even Concord to visit buffet that are not as expensive, especially when I am taking my 10, 12, 13 year old children.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,1/31/2013,217,84,1,4,3>it is difficult not to be a fan of akahana.  i mean, a BOGO sushi roll deal EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK?!  come on!  and these are hearty rolls, my friend.  fantastic flavors and super fresh ingredients.and do i even need to mention that they have the plaza midwood staple of cheap PBR... on draft?  nestled into the corner at the corner of the plaza and central, it's a little dimly lit for my tastes.  the almost dingy hole in the wall feel doesn't really capture the vibrancy of their food.  i have only ever sat at the bar, which if everyone is eating and drinking can get to be a little too much for just one bartender.  service doesn't suffer much, but the refills don't come as quick.a number of businesses have occupied this piece of real estate, but i think akahana is here to stay... hopefully.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/30/2013,104,306,4,3,3>Felt like sushi, but wasn't dressed up enough for one of the swanky joints. This place was perfect. We ordered 5 vegetarian rolls and paid around $17. i thoroughly enjoyed all of them except for the peanut roll. The peanut roll was really just peanuts in a roll. i thought maybe it would have some peanuts with something else, but no, just peanuts. Everything else was delicious: avocado, teriyaki zucchini, coconut tofu, and something else. i do put a little Sriracha sauce on everything, so maybe i just like the taste of that and could eat just about anything. Either way, i thought it was very good, very affordable, and plan to go back.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,1/29/2013,133,83,2,6,4>Driving around  Indian Trail in my post-thanksgiving hangover and I noticed an open sign outside of D-Moe's.  This place had been the local Domino's restaurant, closed, and now a hot dog stand.  They were still working out the kinks but from what I experienced, this place should be a hit.  The restaurant looks like an old gas station with Gulf fuel pumps as trash cans and lots of metal sign graffiti on the walls.  Inside, there is a small place to sit with high top tables, another gas pump and that's about it.  The servers and chefs yell out "Welcome to D-Moes!" kinda like they do at that other Moe's.  On a warm day, the covered patio will be the place to be.  They have various combinations of hot dogs and burgers.  Probably the standout for me was the sweet potato fries which were sweet on their own - unlike some restaurants that have to serve theirs with butter to make them edible.  I really want to go back and try their desserts which include shakes and a moon pie.  The hot dog was good with the chili a little salty for me but that's probably just right for everyone else.  It's good to see some variety in the Indian Trail food landscape.  I hope this takes off
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,1/28/2013,6,76,19,11,17>Not to be confused with Lilo and Stitch or Hanna Montana, Mily & Lalo is a charming Peruvian restaurant off Sharon Amity Road.  Our waitress said that their roasted chicken and seafood dishes are all the rage.  We went for the seafood and it was scrumptious.  My wife got a seafood variety in a tomato broth and loved it.  She was picking out crab meat for a good thirty minutes.  I had a creamier sauce over my seafood and were it not for the copious cilantro (more on this later), it would have been fantastic.  We also received delicious lightly fried bread before the main meals with a spicy dipping sauce.  Out of this world.I would have given Mily & Lalo a 5 star rating were it not for two things - 1.) the men's bathroom (didn't look like it had been cleaned in a while), and B.) cilantro.  Let's talk about cilantro, shall we?  It is an egomaniac.  If there is any other flavor in a dish, cilantro stops by for a visit and says "you think you have flavor?" and then you taste nothing else except cilantro.  It really needs a smackdown.  So my advice to restaurants is this: if you're going to put a lot of cilantro in a dish, please let that be known in the menu. Cilantro - if you're reading this, meet me at the bike rack at 4 today.  We gonna have at it, brutha!But that's neither here nor here, and so please check this place out.  I think you'll be happy you did.  By the way, Peru is north of Chile, for all you Americans like me who are geographically ignorant (and Chile is on the southwest side of South America).
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,1/27/2013,176,148,3,5,3>Great place, enough said! First, a bit of advice: be prepared to wait for a while for a table on a Friday or Saturday night, and by a while I mean 1.5-2 hours. The atmosphere is very hip, and the patio/balcony dining space was really interesting. The crowd was younger, which made the experience very fun and energetic.Regardless, the food is definitely worth the wait. We had a sashimi tuna taco, slow-cooked ribs, grilled chicken skewer, and a tuna sushi roll. I would describe the food as the best of East meets West. Especially the ribs and chicken skewer-- the presentation, the taste, dressings, and sauces reminded me a lot of Japan, where every detail matters. So much so that I kept saying the owner's must have lived in Japan for a while, but it turns out the owner is Greek...I was way off!I would highly recommend the tapas over the sushi. The sushi's really just mediocre.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,1/26/2013,39,77,9,5,6>The next stop on my Charlotte tour of Mediterranean food spots is...Zeitouni Grill!I work at Toringdon. You know, that office/business complex, right off of 485 on the Johnston Road exit, where the Red Robin and Earth Fare are both located? You know, there? Got it? See it? That building directly across the street from Red Robin? That's where I work. See me waving? Hi!So my point to Toringdon is this: other than Red Robin (which, frankly, is pretty meh when it comes to burgers, and the atmosphere sucks) or Earth Fare (which, frankly, their take-out/dine-in options leave plenty to be desired, especially from such a place that supposedly prides itself on health food alternatives that cater to the surplus number of crunchy granolas living in exile from Asheville, and the die-hard fitness freaks that show up all sweaty and red-faced and all jacked-up on adrenaline and self-importance after having done some hardcore yoga at the Urban Active across the street...but anyway...), a quick or at least convenient meal that doesn't require you to get in your car and navigate the fustercluck that is Johnston Road during lunch time, AND you're pretty tired of brown bagging it every day, then what the hell are you going to do for lunch, huh?Thankfully, Zeitouni Grill proves a more-than-welcome respite from the ordinary. And Zeitouni Grill does not disappoint.The platters are always a good option. Choose from a trio of Shishes (I just made that word up) - Kabob, Tawooq, or Kefta - or the Shwarma (the "Avengers" Special! - You know what I'm talking about!), and you get your choice of two sides - hummus or babba ghanouj (neither will disappoint) and either tabbouleh, fatoush, or the Mediterranean salad. Personally, I love their falafel. I haven't had decent falafel since I left NYC, and this is about as close as what I used to sample when I slummed it on Lexington Avenue near Kips Bay. Simple fare, yet colorful and plenty flavorful, just as I would expect from this kind of cuisine.Keep in mind this place stays busy during weekday lunch hours, so be prepared to wait about 10-15 minutes for your plate. Worth the wait, though.I'm here about once a week. But this place is so damned good, I might be coming here more than once a week. I think the shish tawooq is calling my name.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,1/25/2013,40,151,1,5,2>I just love this place. It is the perfect replacement for the Laurel Market. Southend definitely needed a spot like this -  coffee, open 24/7, wi-fi, friendly staff and fantastic baked goods, both sweet and savory.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/24/2013,64,99,1,4,2>Loooooove this Value Village..see my other review for details about the small...dare I say "chain" of thrift stores but this one has an outside area for some of the larger outdoorsy items and A FITTING ROOM....which you may feel good/bad/or indifferent about but...when you're driving over 40 miles (as I sometimes do) for thrift shopping...it helps to try something on before you buy it.yelp.com/biz/value-villa
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,1/23/2013,89,238,4,8,5>That perfect haircut and stylist is like that perfect pair of jeans or big foot or the loch ness monster. Super elusive or may not even exist. Shine proved me wrong. Not only is the salon fabulous, chic and clean but they were gracious, kind and made my experience wonderful. Often, I find myself apologizing for my curly monster hair at salons but Shine and my stylist James worked with me to make my time there worthwhile. He even moved back an appointment in order to finish up my cut and style (so sorry!) but I appreciated not being handed off. He spent nearly two hours with me recommended products, but not in that pushy car salesman way and discussed how we can both work together for my hair success- sigh. #girlproblems. The best part of my visit to Shine (other than the followup phone call from James later that day to see how my hair dried and if I was happy with my look)- was the price. You can be pampered and pleasantly surprised.  Don't tell the owners but I would have paid double for that experience. I have already made an appointment to go back in eight weeks.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,1/22/2013,81,304,2,2,2>This is the most darling little store full of toys and books for all ages. The staff is so sweet and helpful without being overbearing.  A nice little find were several foreign language children's books - mostly in Spanish, but some in Mandarin, German, French, etc. It was nice to stock up on them.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,1/21/2013,87,79,1,5,2>Let me preface w this: there is no such thing as a one size fits all yoga studio. There are one size fits most yoga studios and Arrichion is an example of the latter. Also, I am neither an instructor, family friend, related to, or dating anyone on the staff or management team at Arrichion. Layout: the studio has 3 rooms; 1 for HOT yoga [no mirrors, mat "parking spaces" relatively close to each other but not creepy close in my opinion], 1 set up w different stations for MMA style training (punching bags, weighted medicine balls, heavy ropes, etc) w 2 water fountains and music system, and 1 for circuit training (kettle balls, free weights, resistance bands, bosu ball, etc). There is 1 [unisex] shower with toiletries, a wooden bench and wall hooks for belongings and/or hella sweaty clothes, and a scale [boooohiiissss]. There are 2 single stall bathrooms next to the shower in the small hallway connecting the lobby to the circuit room. A women's changing room w 2 cubby shelving units to store belongings during class, a full-length mirror, and a 3/4 length mirror. I believe it's the same setup in the men's changing room. Classes: MMA circuit: mixed martial arts drillsSparta: crazy intense plyometrics. Must complete an intro to class before taking.Tiger's Eye: 30 min circuit training, 30 minutes hot yogaWarrior: circuit portion of Tiger's Eye done 3x as opposed to 2x in TETopaz: 22 static poses. 11 standing, 11 on the mat/floor. Very similar to Bikram yoga. Diamond: same as Topaz w less prompts during each pose. LED candles in front of room. Krystallos: core work. Think HOT pilates. Mostly on the mat. Bloodstone: HOT vinyasa flow. Heavy emphasis on warrior series - sequence involves a great progression of warrior 1-3. Black Opal: HOT vinyasa flow. Not as repetitious as Bloodstone is in the beginning. Students are given options in many poses to take their practice where they feel best that day/night. Instructor will demo said options of poses.Fun workshops are offered on a monthly basis and are always announced in classes, on the Facebook page, and maybe now via Twitter @ArrichionCLTInstructors: MMA and circuit training side is Clay, Corey, and for TIger's Eye (the amazing 30 minute circuit, 30 minute hot yoga class) Heather. They will motivate, push, and encourage you throughout the circuits. Quinn, Alexis, Melissa, Dianne, Corey, Megan, Alyssa, and Heather comprise the lineup for Arrichion hot yoga instructors.  Each lead class w  own persona and flair; all are willing, able, and happy to provide asana adjustments to students who don't mind a pair of hands on their sweat-soaked clothes. Pricing: I have heard about different deals Arrichion has run through Living Social, Circle Southend and/or other residential buildings. What initially attracted me is the $20 for 20 classes ongoing promotion. It's a great way for someone to take all Arrichion's class offerings in just about 3 weeks (doesn't it take 21 days to create a habit?). After the $20 for 20 you may make use of another sweet offer: $100 for 2 months and then a recurring $89 monthly autopay. Arrichion does offer student, military, and senior citizen discounts, in addition to multiple class passes if monthly doesn't suit your needs. No contract nor long term commitment beyond the first 3 months is required. You may cancel at anytime, without being hassled, by submitting your request in writing 30 days before your next scheduled autopay. Miscellaneous: During the summer ice/freezer pops are provided after class. Rental mats and towels are available. Bottled water in mini fridge $1. Arrichion shirts available for purchase at desk. My suggestions for first time visitors: arrive 15-20 minutes (preferably 20 if possible) before class starts to fill out a waiver, take a tour of the facility, and change clothes or put stuff away. Bring more than 16oz of water, a face towel, mat, mat towel (or beach towel if you don't have a mat towel so you don't slip and slide on your sweaty mat), set of dry clothes to change into after class or bath towel to sit on in your car. Plop down your mat in the center or back row and towards the center so the instructor is always in your line of sight. If and when the class is packed to the max (cold mornings, chilly evenings, or really just randomly) the instructor isn't quite able to walk around and provide adjustments so being able to see them is a big plus. Please leave your cell phone in the changing room or in your car. Please keep noise level low in the hot yoga room before and after class. Please shut the door on your way out. Even though a lot of us enjoy chatting it up in the lobby, changing room, and bathroom hallway, more than a few of us really enjoy the silence/getting in the zen zone on the mat. Finally, there is a strong sense of community. I have connected w a fantastic group of people through Arrichion. Working on health & fitness in an awesome, supportive environment? That's a perfect fit to me!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,1/19/2013,47,96,2,4,3>after numerous dreams of spicy squid, my husband enlisted me on a hunt for a korean restaurant that served this dish. thankfully, this place popped up right away with other people who had eaten and craved the very same dish. hallelujah! you saved my marriage again, yelpers! (joshing)like many asian restaurants that are good (and hole-y), this place is tucked away within a store or shopping area.when you walk in, it's a little confusing. it seemed as if there were 2 seating areas--casual and formal?? i don't know, but we got put in one area over another. not sure if it was because of how many people we had or because we had kids with us. whatevs...menu was very extensive. i liked that there were options to get bigger or smaller portions. it baffled my husband at first, because he was bummed that the squid dish was almost $20--until i showed him that he was looking at a platter of sorts. he got the squid (obvs), and i got bibimbap. our friends both got the pork dish, of which the name escapes me. everything was super tasty. i could have eaten more kimchi, because it was sooo good. tasted homemade, for sure. service was pretty typical of a hole-in-the-wall asian restaurant, but i kind of like that. makes for good stories later.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/18/2013,42,144,2,3,2>I think this place and I are going to be friends.  There was a delicious salad of greens, dates, pine nuts and toasted manchego cheese which made an excellent entree with chicken added, and was satisfying without leaving me unpleasantly stuffed.  Of course, i went and spoiled that virtuous feeling by ordering a crepe Suzette for dessert, but it was to die for, so it's not like I regret it or anything.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,1/17/2013,63,163,2,2,2>I like hitting up Pinky's when I'm in a certain mood. It has a chill vibe that always calms me down.  The food is greasy and unhealthy, but not in an overpowering kind of way.  I always get the fried pickles to start, and then usually the garbage burger which is good.  Not huge, but filling.  My only gripe is that they serve everything on little paper plates that don't hold up well under the greasy onslaught of the food, but who cares, it's worth it.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/16/2013,487,106,1,5,4>I love this place. My wife and I have tried over and over to find Korean food in Charlotte. Now that we've found Simplee Sushi, there's no need to look further. Really cute atmosphere, friendly and attentive waitstaff and excellent food. The Korean selections are our favorites, but we also like the sushi there too. The prices are really good too! I have yet to go there for lunch, but I shall. I definitely recommend Simplee Sushi :) A+++
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/15/2013,48,40,6,6,6>OH. MY. COWFISH! Went there last night and I gotta say, Cowfish makes freaking AWESOME burgers!! I ordered the Jalepenos (i think that's how you spell it...) Popper. Dude, that burgers was seriously orgasmic. I know it's a bit weird comparing foods to sex, but if a burger makes you moan, how would you describe it? Yeah, you know that I'm right. So back to the subject, I got their onion rings, again, and I tried the Tuna BLT which was really good too. And I love the ambience at Cowfish, It's laid-back and metro. And the service was superb like always. Though I'm a bit sad that I can't book a reservation after 6pm, since my birthday is Nov.9  ( 007: Skyfall release date too :D) and I get out of work at 8 pm... Oh well, I guess I'll be testing my luck! ;)
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/14/2013,30,187,2,3,2>My husband and I were super excited to see that Hawthornes opened in Ballantyne. We had garlic knots, to die for, and I had a calzone that was phenomenal. The beer selection was great and the atmosphere was wonderful.  We loved our visit and hope to go back soon!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,1/13/2013,30,112,6,5,4>PLANTAINS ...At the heart of this review are plantains. They put plantains in their chimichangas. Now I'll pretend that you are still reading. You shouldn't be, because if you re-read the previous line about the plantains you'd realize you should just move on to the part where you eat them in the chimichanga. But you're still reading so....GUCACAMOLE MADE FRESH AT YOUR TABLE.. with LOTS of LIME. I could make, and have made a whole meal out of of the guac and chips. So fresh. It's... it's so fresh. I've only had fresher in Costa Rica. It's really fresh. I want to go back to these plantains for a moment. They are seriously delicious, and afterwards you can hang out with your friends and be all "Ohh no big deal, I just had a chimichanga with plantains, I guess I'm just special and you're not even really all that great, I don't know why I even talk to you.'But anyway, they add a nice fried/sweet taste into the spices of the chimichangas. This is on top of the crispy shell that is covered in one of 3 sauces that you get to choose or mix. We really love the white queso sauce, but they are all good in their own right. And the people are great, always get that kind of service that's like 'sup, what can i get ya bro', as if you hung out with these guys in college. Outdoor seating is a plus, especially when there is live music. Seen a few good bands there. ps... Plantains.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/12/2013,8,85,3,3,3>Run to Alexander Michael's this Christmas season for dinner or drinks.  You will thank me.   Tucked away in 4th Ward (which in and of itself is reason enough to head to A.M.) it is quaint and, right now, decorated with lovely garlands and greenery and twinkling lights (I love twinkly things).  It truly looks out of a movie.  And the houses around it are also decorated so sweetly.  A little bit magical.  I was a 4th Ward resident and kinda lived at A.M. for a few years and had not been in awhile.  We went  last night to meet friends for drinks and dinner before heading to one of my all-time favorite venues (The Fillmore... but I digress...).  Great beer selection.  We all had different meals-- nachos are delish (salsa not so much), my hubs said the burger was good, fried pickles (yum!), veggie pita was great, but you have to get the "what it is."  What it is sustained me for years.  I'm veggie now, so no chicken for me... but, it was good all those nights!While the food is not 5-star worthy, the atmosphere, the bar, the beer selection, the people, and the staff make this a 5-star establishment, for sure.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,1/11/2013,11,17,5,14,5>Finally! This is the buffet that we deserve in the university. My wife and I have been waiting for this place to open and it was well worth every nail-biting moment. As we have been to the same building in several of it's earlier incarnations (same decor, different name) we were pleasantly surprised by the new look coming in. Very classy, very Asian, but not overdone like many Chinese buffets, like they are try to convince you beyond a shadow of a doubt that you are in a Chinese place.Its new still so it was fairly slow. We were brought to a table a put in our drink order. Then it was buffet time! How do you say awesome in Chinese? I really don't care but that's what it was. The layout is not overcrowded with Americanized versions of Asian foods. Its laid out in smaller portions on white plates so that it gets changed over frequently and it is REALLY, REALLY GOOD!!!Sushi was a delight. Also super fresh and done in small batches so as to be as fresh as possible. The salmon was crazy fatty, the dragon roll was spicy ( though not spicy enough for my particular sickness ) and tasty. Everything was just a dang treat! They also keep caviar in small bowls as well as seaweed salad, seared tuna, and tons of other tasty treats. Your $16.95 dinner tab also includes crab legs, ginger lobster, salt and pepper shrimp, etc, etc.How bout this........... GO! Seriously, have I ever steered you wrong? No, no I haven't. So go, and then thank me by showering me with gifts and praise and stuff. You won't regret it!Eat well, muchacho's!V-Dub!NOTE: I just checked the website. The $16.95 price tag is a grand opening special and is in place for a limited time. The regular price for this buffet will be $20.95.  I will also note that for the quality and variety you get , it is still very reasonable. We will go again, even at that price!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,1/10/2013,40,65,3,6,4>Went on a mini brewery crawl this weekend stopping at Triple C, Heist, Birdsong, and finishing with dinner at Growlers Pourhouse. Started with Triple C, then Heist Brewery, now on to one of Charlotte's newer craft breweries; Birdsong Brewing...Located directly across the street from NoDa Brewing. Unlike NoDa, Birdsong is a bit more of a mystery. While the entrance to NoDa is directly in the front of the building, Birdsong is situated in the back by the old railroad tracks. There is a fairly large patio area with outdoor seating, large enough to accommodate live music and plentiful seating. As you walk in you see that the interior is long and narrow, with an unfinished feel. The walls are metal siding and cinder block with posters/artwork featuring dogs and beer. Not nearly as polished as most of the other Charlotte area breweries (with the exception of Four Friends). While the place lacks the artistic touch and finish of Heist, it is cozy and comfortable, and you feel at home when you are there...There is really not much in the way of service... You have the bar tender and that is about it, if you want another beer you either walk up to the bar, or signal to the bartender; and luckily the place is small enough that this system seems to work well. We did not sit on the patio, so I don't know how the service was there. Unfortunately, unless you are talking to the brewer, the bartender/waitstaff does not know much about the beer besides whats on tap and whats not.There is no kitchen; sometimes there is a food truck outside, but otherwise the bowls of peanuts on the tables will have to suffice. So it's best to either eat before you come or call ahead to see if one of the food trucks will be on site.Now... on to the beer. I have tried a few of their beers in restaurants/bars around town, but there were some on tap that I had not tried yet so I got a flight of all of their offerings. There was a pale, a saison, a witbeir, a brown, an IPA, and a jalapeno pale ale. I am not a big fan of saisons, but as far as saisons go this one was decent. The brown was decent, the IPA was decent, the pale ale was pretty good, the witbier was quite good and the jalapeno pale was terrific. All in all the best beer selection of the night!! I am quite impressed with this little hole in the wall brewery. I will be on the lookout for Birdsong beers around Charlotte...Well, now that I have samples or pints of beers from Triple C, Heist, and Birdsong I am ready to get some food... On to Growlers Pourhouse.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,1/9/2013,11,40,2,2,2>I love Fuze. It's smallish and I never feel rushed through like some other pricy salons in town.  The waiting area is comfy, they have free wifi, tea, coffee and water.There's a cute outside garden area if you prefer waiting al fresco. The salon floor is nicely laid out with plenty of room between stations so you don't feel crowded and your stylist isn't bumping into their neighbor. The receptionist is one of the best I've seen in a service business; she's friendly, makes you feel welcome and does her job well. I see Ginni and she's great - personable and professional. She's efficient while doing a great job. I generally end up wishing I had longer to talk to her!They carry a full line of products and while suggestions are made it's not a huge sales push to have you buy them. All in all a lovely salon I think you should check out soon!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,1/8/2013,12,77,1,8,4>I want this restaurant to thrive. They cater to vegans and offer some great selections (not to be confused with all healthy options, mind you!). I've been here twice now. My lunch included their version of a Big Mac, which was delicious. Again, not healthy, but my side of veggies with hardly any noticeable oil or "butter" was most definitely healthy. I splurged on their chocolate/caramel dessert. It was good but pricey.My second visit on a Friday night with my husband, resulted in really good food again. His salad was loaded with fruits and veggies and came with an awesome dressing. My jackfruit tacos were a nice surprise and now I'm looking to try jackfruit at home too. We shared a ginger cookie, whipped cream dessert, which was a good ending to our meal.The drawbacks are hard to overlook... the location is completely out of place and is only accessible going into town on the crazy Highway 74. The restaurant itself is so plain inside & out. So plain it's a bit of a turnoff to those who might not be drawn in by their specific food offerings.I understand they recently got their liquor license, but I'll be surprised if that drastically increases traffic. They were noticeably uncrowded on a Friday night, pre-alcohol sales. The location & interior isn't a place I'd go out of my way to get a drink at. I'm simply there for the food.Move this concept (and chefs!) to a more central, appealing, convenient location and I think they would be far more successful. I, for one, would be ready & willing to dine here more often to support this local business.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,1/7/2013,125,274,2,4,3>This place is absolutely awesome!!  You feel healthy for just being in there!The location is not optimal but it is worth making your way there.They offer all types of juicing options and very creative/healthy smoothies.  They must have had around 30 smoothie options!  The owners developed these specific combinations so altering them is not an option...take it for what it is and you won't be disappointed.   You can also get a salad and those sounded scrumptious as well!I tried the "smooth greens" smoothie.  It had spinach, kale, coconut milk and banana in it.  It sounds gross, I know...but it was amazing!!  I had to get past the fact it was green but it was so tasty that I had no problem sucking it down!This is a grrrreat place for health nuts, wannabe health nuts, sometimes health nuts, people on a health kick, or just the average blob.  Either way, you can't go wrong.  You can find something to enjoy with zero guilt.  Gotta love that!!  Go Go Go!!  I want to support this place as much as possible!!  The owners spent three years concocting these flavor combinations before opening this shop!  This is not a franchise so I hope we can support them!!  They have a great thing going on!!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,1/6/2013,57,290,1,7,2>Came here with some friends before one buddy was heading back to Cali for awhile.  Some highlights and "low"-lights for y'all:Highlights:One word to describe the dry rub wings: OTHERWORLDLY.  The sauced-up wings were good, but almost too intense--good thing there's beer on hand to subdue it a bit.  DEF get the wings when you go.  The BBQ (pulled pork) was so good you didn't really need any sauces.  Savory and the right amount of smoky taste.  Lowlights:Ribs were mediocre and inconsistent.  Came here a few days before and the ribs were cooked to where it was fall-off-the-bone.  This time around, the ribs were a bit on the dry side and stuck to the ribs.  I'm no BBQ expert, but as I understand it, there should be a little bit of pull from the bone.  Both times, the ribs missed the mark.That said, I'll definitely go back at some point.  I might be a slowly coming around to living in the south... I'm guessing when you CRAVE BBQ, it's the first step...dmo out.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/5/2013,60,146,1,6,4>Just tried Café Monte last Friday night and was pleasantly surprised! I usually "pass" on strip mall/shopping center restaurants (Yes, Philips Place, you are a shopping center), but you are truly in another place once you walk inside Café Monte. The ambiance is really intimate, but casual - live music in the front, dim lights (but not dark and creepy). Our table was in the farrrrrr back corner, probably not my first choice - but they sat us for our reservation the second we walked in which is the way it should be! I love restaurants that are organized and know how to handle reservations!Our waiter was sort of attentive and sort of nice - but everything else was so good, I can let that go. We had the Steak Frites and Salmon - both were really delish! Next time will probably skip the steak and go for the crepes and something from the appetizer menu. Maybe fondue?The wine list had affordable options, their house white was a nice pinot grigio for 22 bucks. But, my favorite part of dinner was the chocolate mousse with fresh fruit for $6. Yum yum yum. My friend and I shared it and didn't even finish the whole thing (but we were also stuffed from dinner). Cute place, would love to go back!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,1/4/2013,62,114,1,5,2>Garlic knots greet you after you've found your seat at this quaint pizza joint.  They've got a decent beer selection, but would love to see them add a few Italian brews on tap.  Meatballs (we ordered as an app for my son) are also good, and would be fantastic on a freshly baked submarine sandwich bun.Great teasers for the 'Za.  Fresh dough, fresh toppings, and the sauce is a hint on the sweet side, which isn't my cup of tea, but it's still delish.  I would love to see them figure out how to crisp up my pepperoni, but they're not stingy with the toppings so I'm not complaining.My one complaint however is an important one - it's expensive!  This place is easily as expensive as Hawthornes, if not more so.  Side of meatballs, large pizza with 'roni and fungus = $26?  Yikes!  That was just for take out too, forget about adding on two $5 beers... If they knocked down the price tag by about 15%?  not only would their yelp rating improve, but they'd have loyal brand advocates all over south Charlotte.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,1/3/2013,76,167,2,8,3>Intermezzo is one of those gems that didn't catch my eye from the road but word of mouth about their delicious food caught my ear!  My short reasoning for giving Intermezzo 5 stars - a) food is amazing, b) price can't be beat.  My only desire for this restaurant is to update the decor inside, and dust the wine racks.  Other than that, I had no complaints.I went with some friends around 6:30 on a Friday.  We were pleasantly surprised to get a table immediately (only 2 left inside).  The menu made my mouth water.  The selection of appetizers, pizzas and entrees sent me into sensory overload!  Since we were all so undecided, we decided to share.  I was able to sample the Mediterranean Salad, the Grilled Eggplant and the Sauteed Spinach Pizza.  The Grilled Eggplant absolutely surpassed my expectations.  It was perfectly dressed in a basil olive oil, ripe sweet tomatoes, and a dash of balsamic - I could have eaten the whole plate.  Similarly, the pizza swept me off my feet.  I'm from NY, so it's hard to find pizza that can do that!  The dough is fresh, and allows me to fold my pizza (sign of a true NY'er).  All of the ingredients blended together wonderfully.  Last on my food list was the salad.  There was a mix of baby greens, feta, black olives, and we substituted the sun-dried tomato dressing for a balsamic dressing.  It was light and a perfect fit to our meal.The added bonus to the food menu is the martini menu.  Holy freaking cow.  There must have been 20 different choices.  I opted for the Cantaloupe - a refreshing choice it was!  As most martini prices go, they ranged from $9 to $11.  However, there are much cheaper drink options.  My friends opted for the draft beer specials - $3 Stella's!We will definitely be dining in again or taking advantage of their delivery very soon!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,1/2/2013,45,242,2,4,2>We go to Moonberries about once a week.  I'm a fan because of the variety of flavors they offer and the convenience to my house.  My 2 kids are very into frozen yogurt and I would either have to drive to Piper Glen or Blakeney to get our fix.  Now, Moonberries is here to save the day.It's kind of tucked back in this shopping center that will have a Harris Teeter (formerly Lowes Foods) so hopefully Moonberries business will benefit from the new anchor.  My one daughter goes for the vanilla with colored sprinkles and I typically go for the peach or pineapple yogurt, all self serve as is the trend nowadays.  The toppings are plentiful and the people who own the Establishment are very pleasant.I recommend Moonberries and hope this locally owned franchise sticks around for a long time.  Please support them.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,1/1/2013,32,45,2,3,2>Let me start by saying that I am not a desert person.  I also am not a traditionalist.  That being said.  Having the Polka Dot Bake Shop make the cupcakes for our wedding was a phenomenal idea.  This was one of the decisions/responsibilities I pawned off on my wife-to-be for the extravaganza.  How then, you may ask, do I know for a fact, they deserve 5-stars?a)  My wife never complained about Polka Dot, nor did they ever fail to communicate/return calls.b) The cupcakes were amazing, making 1 delicious cupcake, probably not that hard, making 160 delicious cupcakes is a totally different story.c) The presentation was fabulous.d) They get bonus points for good business practice, following up two weeks after the wedding with a card congratulating us on our nuptials which also contained a gift card for free cupcakes (bonus!). When planning an event you want to know you can trust the people you subcontract to handle what they say they will handle and to do it professionally, Polka Dot did a phenomenal job.  My only regret is taking so long to write this review.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/31/2012,84,107,2,2,2>My favorite new neighborhood place for sure. I am not a fan of thick pizza, even coming from Chicago :) This place has amazing thin crust brick oven (smoky flavor and all) pizza. Service with a smile and very cozy. Its pretty casual, so great for family and friends. I'm looking forward to trying new items. The sauteed spinach pizza was amazing...even over pepperoni!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/30/2012,30,92,3,4,3>Great service!! My boyfriend and I went to Riccio's for takeout. Since it was our first visit we asked for recommendations from the Riccio's staff. We ended up sharing a caesar salad (really big, definitely share-able), he ordered Tortolloni Bellagio and I got the daily special, Portabello Ravioli. It was SO good. Very creamy and rich. Excellent comfort food. The Bellagio was the standout. We were licking the takeout container after we finished. Sad that I lived in the area for more than 2 years before finding this authentic Italian ristorante. I HIGHLY recommend. Good for date night, dinner with the parents and takeout.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,12/29/2012,9,39,4,7,6>I like trying new places for my birthday, but unfortunately my birthday was on a Sunday this year, and lots of great restaurants are closed on a Sunday.  Jerks.  So after my third or fourth try (after Lulu, Good Food, and something else I can't remember were closed), I came across Georges.  I've been to Del Frisco's in Piedmont Row (delicious) and Brio (eh), but I like good French food, so Georges it was.  The weather was absolutely gorgeous, so we sat outside and had just a lovely meal.  It started out with a cheese plate (chef's choice, and he chose well!) that had a couple of special kinds of cheddars I'm going to hunt down, then I ended up with the Grouper special, which was really delicious with a delicate smoked tomato sauce.  The creme on this dinner was a creme brulee (with Happy Birthday printed on edible dark chocolate...come on!) that was so thick and creamy.  All in all, a light, fresh, perfect meal.A special shout-out (I feel like I'm on Total Request Live right now, which is an incredibly dated reference) to our waiter Ryan, who was just wonderful.  Right there when we needed him, charming, and helpful.  And he comped my creme brulee, which makes him (and Georges) even better!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,12/28/2012,876,4126,3,4,3>I'm not sure how I ended up in this part of town, but I let my Yelp app randomize for me. I said one $ and sort by highest rating. After excluding a fast food place, Malaya was the top. Now, I know NOTHING about Malaysian food. In fact, I'm not even sure I know where Malaysia is on our big planet. But after eating this meal, I need to find out more.I stuck to the specials menu and ordered the "Malaya Roll" which turned out to be ground chicken in a pastry roll that was fried to a crunchy goodness and served with a sweet chilli sauce. I ate all of it and then dipped the garnish cucumbers into the sauce too.For my main, the Hong Kong Duck Soup caught my eye. When it arrived, it was a massive vat of dark colored broth with noodles, veggies and probably half of a duck sliced into bits. It took a little while until it cooled enough to eat but when it did, OMG yum. Deep flavor in the broth and the noodles were just perfect al dente and the bok choi was nice and tender. The duck. Oh, the duck. Tasty, meaty and all too many more adjectives that need to go here to describe a great meal. Check the picture I posted!I opted to skip dessert, instead finishing the Chinese beer I had ordered.Great service sitting at the bar. My only complaint is not their fault - my cell phone could barely get a 2G signal. :-(
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/27/2012,132,235,5,4,4>Well hello cute little beer bar you.  I have nothing but good memories and thoughts about this place.  Sunday afternoon....hanging out with great friends....and my new favorite seasonal beer that they offered.  It was called *tearing up* Punta Pumpkin.  I wanted to jump in my glass...and do a lazy river float as I sipped on it. And then licked the cinnamon sugary goodness off the rim.  O.M.G.  Loved it so much, a friend brought me a little glass of that sugary goodness because I licked the stuff off the rim too soon.  So good.  Such a nice way to spend a sunday afternoon!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,12/26/2012,27,121,3,6,4>Mama Ricotta's is my ideal Italian restaurant. From the layout of the interior, to the style of service, to the quality of the food- this place has it all. If overall fitness and money weren't an issue, you would probably find me eating here 6 out of the 7 nights a week. Love Italian!!!The food is absolutely great. Each table receives free bread appetizers and are served with a very tasty EVOO. Ask for a little balsamic on the side and you can literally make a meal out of this in itself! Additional appetizers and salads, such as the Fried Calamari & the Sicilian Roasted Pepper Salad, are also very, very good. For an entree, I had myself a basic vodka blush sauce over angel hair dish that was absolutely phenomenal. The menu is pretty broad and you won't have a hard time finding something you like if your a picky eater. It is somewhat on the pricey side, but rarely will you be dissapointed with the meal in comparison to the cost.Despite the location (nestled in a small shopping center), the overall layout is perfect for Italian atmosphere. The interior is dolled-up in a very elegant, but not over elegant way. The noise is adequate and seating can be a little tight at certain times, i.e. a Saturday night. The exterior & outdoor seating are decorated with lattice and vine, has good lighting, and is great weather permitting.They have a full bar (inside) to accomodate your choice of drink, and offer different specials per day of the week. Overall, this is my new favorite in Charlotte for dine-in Italian. A must!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,12/25/2012,175,207,8,7,4>Dear VBGB,My bad, yo! While I was off over here thinking you were some college idiot infested bar, you're just hanging out at the NC Music Factory with your ample free parking, beautiful pitchers of beer, lots of taps, in a variety of beer styles, being a chill and relaxed destination right outside of Uptown. I'm sorry I assumed some things about you that weren't true - and you know assuming gets ya - it makes an ASS out of ME (and not really U).But seriously, your outdoor patio with adult Jenga and cornhole was really fun! The indoor/outdoor convenience of ordering, the long picnic tables that encourages people to talk to their neighbors/old friends/new friends and the DJ's on Saturday night was all really enjoyable. I didn't eat any of your food, but next time! We are definitely planning on coming back and hanging out with you soon - perhaps for another birthday party, maybe for a fun date, or a girl's night. No matter the occasion, I think you'd fit the bill pretty well!Thanks again for the fun night and good beers - may I never judge another nightlife establishment before testing it out again!Sincerely,Rachel
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,12/24/2012,179,499,1,6,4>We found Wang and King Asian Cafe by mistake but it was such a good find! They have Chinese and Sushi, including weekend sushi specials which include buy one get one free and rolls $3.00 and under it's worth it! The atmosphere is nothing special but hey....we're there to eat so what really matters was how did the food taste!!!And the food was super yummy! We ordered the Chicken Fried Rice which was full of flavor and chicken. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it came out hot!We also ordered two rolls the Fairy Roll and the Crab Tempura Roll. Both were delicious! The Fairy Roll is yellowtail, salmon, tuna and a special sauce then it gets  deep fried!!!! So delicious! The special sauce adds a nice kick to the roll and is full of flavor! Very nice additional to the roll! The crab tempura roll was also very good. I've never had crab tempura but I really enjoyed the way they cooked it and created the roll! I wish they would have put some of the special sauce of the roll but still this roll tasted great.Overall this was a very good place to stumble upon and I look forward to not only trying more of the sushi but also the Chinese food!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,12/23/2012,205,512,1,12,3>Yet another seafood carry out spot has opened, this one is in the Derita area across from Family Dollar.  This family restaurant offers several different types of fish, shrimp, chicken, and different sandwiches, sides and desserts.  I ordered a fish platter which is a boatload of food and 2 sides.....I think there was at least 6 pieces of fish with bread, hushpuppies, 2 sides and homemade tarter sauce.  The fish was perfectly seasoned and more than a meal by itself, which is why I didn't get to enjoy the sides...too full!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/22/2012,48,112,1,7,3>I visited this place for the first time tonight. I must say that even though I was only at the bar area, the venue was nice and the drink menu had a full, creative list of martini's. After a while, the bartender even offered up a complimentary "Red Velvet Cake" dessert shot! The only food i snacked on was some french fries -- which for only $3 you get a plate full. I'd like to go back and actually have dinner. Give this place a try.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,12/21/2012,153,79,2,3,2>Crisp is amazeballs. Fantastic, healthy salads at reasonable prices. Emphasis on the healthy part because a lot of "salad" places drench their romaine-based salads in a heavily oil or cream-based dressing. Not so with Crisp, where you can select from a large variety of veggies with a light dressing on a spinach base. Also, the meat is fresh-grilled: my salad came out with the seasoned halibut still steaming. Om nom nom.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,12/20/2012,103,276,2,9,5>Upon hearing that Good Bottle was opening in Southend, I immediately thought "Oh, a Salud closer to my house, awesome!". However, Good Bottle definitely has its own thing going on. Yes, there are shelves lined with cans and bottles (divided by type: ale/lager/localNC/ipa/seasonal), a few coolers filled with growlers and more delicious beers, and a series of taps that rotate rather frequently, but the space differs with its very clean warehouse feel to it, and serious organization. Those behind the bar were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable (even on a busier night), there were a few different options for seating, and I look forward to returning and perusing again when there are fewer bodies stuffed in the building! With their current hours and the almost sterile feeling environment (maybe this will pass as the business ages), though, I feel this is a more stop in, and maybe have a beer while I pick out a six pack to bring home, location. It just didn't appeal to me as a stay for awhile and attempt to get cozy on the backless metal bar stools... yet.They don't serve food but Papi Queso was in their parking lot, so good to know it's on at least one food truck's route! I also love the map behind the bar letting you know where the beers on tap are from (and usually a little NC heavy, which is awesome).
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/19/2012,104,419,3,5,3>I come to 7th Street Public Market at least 2-3 times per month and always think, "I need to try Pure Pizza".  Mission finally accomplished last weekend!  To me, one of my first tests of a pizza place is just, how well do they pull off a simple cheese pizza?  Pure Pizza pulls it off very, very well.  This version of the cheeser had perhaps the thinnest crust I've ever had on a pizza with just the perfect amount of crisp and chew.  Still on the crust side, you get a little plastic container of some excellent local honey to dip your remnants in.  The cheese was perfectly brown and melty and stretchy and delicious with a delicious tang you only get from real quality mozzarella and the sauce was fresh and added just the right amount of acid to the pie. All in all, this was a great pizza and I can't wait to try another variety on another visit to the market.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,12/18/2012,13,78,2,2,2>My girlfriend and I went on Friday night and was immediately seated at a table outside.  Our waitress was super friendly.  We started with the buffalo calamari.  Delicious.  I've only seen buffalo calamari one other place (Red Rocks, which is still a little better in my opinion), but it was so good.  We then ordered the 18" white pizza.  Just so you know, it is massive.  We only ate half and boxed the other half up to take home.  It was very good.  There were also a few other pizzas and pasta dishes that sounded awesome, so I can't wait to go back.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,12/17/2012,170,55,1,5,2>I found an opportune moment to try this place when Charlotte's Restaurant Week rolled around again last summer. I have, and always will be a fan of fine Italian cuisine, so one could argue that I was biased from the moment I stepped in here. Nevertheless, it would seem that this small restaurant tucked away by the Bank of America building, certainly lives up to expectations. The diner is spoiled for choice by the authentic menu items, though the choices are not overwhelming. Dishes are described in only three or four words which allude to traditional Italian ingredients and preparation. Then again "potato gnocchi, tomato porcini mushroom sauce and parmigiano" already sounds delicious.Though we waited awhile to be seated, we were handsomely rewarded with free champagne, which kicked things off nicely. The grilled octopus or "polipo" was outstanding. Lightly chewy and savory with a nice grilled flavor. The scallops must have been sourced from another planet because they were each the size of small dinner plates. Perfectly browned coat with soft white flesh in the center. Veal Milanese was also quite good, though possibly a little tough. Awesome arugula + parmesan + balsamic garnish. For dessert we had the Semi-Freddo with almond nougat caramel sauce. Great finish.I would definitely come back here again. My mind wasn't blown, but the food was pretty good and the restaurant's atmosphere felt a little more traditional than those of its contemporary Italian counterparts in the US. In uptown, this will be the closest you get to real gourmet Italian food that resembles anything like its motherland so let's make the most of it!!4/5
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,12/16/2012,23,54,2,2,2>Great burgers, love to make my own salad. I always do the create your own small salad as a meal and it's plenty. Kids like the sliders and fried pickles. The kids love their milkshakes and I have to admit they are really good. Burgers always are cooked right and flavorful.  All of the ingredients are fresh...this is one of our go to places.  It also has a full bar and drinks that have some bang!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,12/15/2012,54,199,1,4,4>Another fantastic greenway in Mecklenburg county. This one is located in the heart of Matthews. It has entrances at E. Johns St & S. Trade St along with plenty of access from the surrounding neighborhoods. There is ample parking at Squirrel Lake too, which is located off Pleasant Plains Rd. There are more that 2 miles of paved trails that meander through the woods. Meck Park & Rec did a great job with the design. Nice wide trails, accurate mile markers, miniature street signs that let you know what streets feed into the trail from the surrounding neighborhoods, conveniently located trash cans w/ "doggy bags" for your four legged friends  & even a few pieces of art in one area. The Squirrel Lake section has a huge playground & picnic areas along with a 12 hole disc golf course. I'm out here at least once or twice a week for a good run. The E. John St entrance is just off the Matthews I-485 exit (this is where I start). To run it from one end to the other and hit a few side paths, I can easily get in a 5 mile run. Plus it's has some good elevations which keeps it challenging. Whether you jog, walk, bike, hang with the family or are just looking to get back to nature, you can do it here!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,12/14/2012,76,46,2,3,3>Soft-served ice-cream anyone? Everything about this place screams child-hood for me! I used to live in the Dilworth area and Mr. K was the only place I knew for homemade style burgers. Me and daddy used to walk to this joint for a quick bite and leave with ice-cream on our walk back home. Thankful for a place like this.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/13/2012,761,516,1,5,3>I was thrilled with my experience at Salon Vivace.  I went after work to get my nails done and a pedicure Lina is so awesome.  She has incredible patience I had an acrylic set that needed to come off badly and she wanted to be careful not to break my real nails so she soaked them until they all came off.  My nails look awesome she did this really cool half moon design with shellac love them!  She is great at freehand painting and can do just about anything she showed me some pics this girl has real talent!  The receptionist was very friendly and the salon itself was very cozy.  I highly recommend Salon Vivace!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/12/2012,87,274,1,5,4>I am no Suzy homemaker but I like to visit farmer's market, for one it's good to support local businesses, and it inspires me to eat veggies I normally wouldn't have tried. This place is relatively new, only 2 months old, and it doesn't have as much items to offer.  However, the guy in charge mentioned they are in expansion mode and will be including other items (like prepared food and bakery and dairy).  And they have a suggestion box, you can always throw in your ideas for new items. They open everyday which is rare and excellent. I cannot wait until it gets bigger and better. For now 3 stars is the honest rating for the actual offering, but 4 stars for the service, the hours and the potential.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,12/11/2012,125,102,2,7,3>yayy for AUTHENTIC Colombian and Peruvian food! They specialize in rotisserie chicken, which is what I normally get, but the other dishes I've tried were also delectable. Normally, I'm afraid to try a different dish at any restaurant because I always end up liking what other people ordered or what I ordered previously more. Luckily, this place never fails me! EVERYTHING MUST BE GOOD! Every dish is unique and original because they make all of their spices and sauces in-house, The portions are huge and I think most of their dishes come with rice and plantain. This is by far the BEST rotisserie chicken I have ever had! The plantain is also amazing. There are 2 kinds, the ripe, sweet plantain and the fried, green plantain. It depends on your preference, but both are delicious! The restaurant's interior has a very cultural, homey vibe. The walls are decorated with beautiful paintings, in combination with warm lighting. It is a family-owned restaurant and you definitely get that cozy feel. Definitely try this place out if you're in the area!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,12/10/2012,92,226,3,5,4>Everyone has mentioned the great decor and cool wood tables, so I won't gush about the lovely ambiance and great views.Onto the food! The first time I went here I went with a client and wasn't hungry so I just had the side salad that was A-MA-ZING! The dressing and inventive topping is always interesting. Whether its almond brittle or kettle corn, it's delicious and somehow works.  The greens are satisfying and just all around a great salad. Yes, I'm talking about a side salad. I also had the french onion soup (seasonal) which was fantastic.Another time we went for brunch/lunch while museum hopping and had an awesome sweet potato waffle and the burger. Personally, I seriously think it's the best burger in town. Juicy, perfectly pink, flavorful. It had fried green tomato, jalapeno cheddar and a chow relish that didn't sound good from the menu but my husband ordered it and it worked perfectly. YUM!  They also have a lot of locally grown stuff on the menu. Another time I brought my mother from the wine country here and even she was impressed.  I would definitely recommend this place, especially for out of towners. Well-executed southern gourmet and the best burger for lunch in town. (only comment is the dinner burger seemed expensive and had extra stuff I wouldn't want) Another nice surprise from the Something Classic folks. It's shocking that the people who brought the best vegetarian restaurant in town also has the best cow burger.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,12/9/2012,100,112,1,5,4>This is one of my favorite movie theaters to go to, especially if you're in the big theaters towards the front of the place.  The seating is also very nice where the seats can lean back a bit.  It's also a nice pleather material.  Random to note that, but I enjoy those seats for some strange reason.The box office is outside.  It seems standard for most movie theaters in Charlotte, but it would be horrible to wait outside in the rain just to get a ticket.  Luckily, I haven't had to face that experience yet.  The employees seem to be nice.  I haven't encountered any sour faces yet, and I've been coming to this theater since high school (may I add that it's been many many years ago!)  Once I lost my cardigan and was looking for it in the theater I was in, and the manager was on it trying to help me find it until he found that it was in the Lost and Found box.  Kudos to that kind of customer service!The only beef I have with this place is that some of their theaters are super small.  Those kind of theaters, you can't even get a middle seat because the aisle is in the middle!!!  I'm all about good seating, so when I get stuck in those theaters I get super bummed out.  Other than that, I love everything else about this place.If you find yourself coming here a lot, remember to sign up for the Regal Club card.  It's free, and after so many points you get, you can get a free drink, candy, or movie ticket depending on your pointage.  Love things like that!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,12/8/2012,208,546,4,5,4>What a fabulous place for kids and animal-loving adults! For the price $8-14, you can not beat the entertainment value! The animals were well fed (especially those baby piglets) and certainly had no qualms about sticking their head into your vehicle to help themselves if you buy feed (highly recommended and it's only $3). A word of caution to hold tight to your bucket because they learn to knock the food (or the entire bucket) right out with their heads. If you gently drop the food out from your window most of the bigger animals will tilt their heads right back and open wide- which is hilarious! This was definitely worth the drive, I will absolutely be back!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,12/7/2012,78,188,4,6,4>House of Pizza is another one of those Charlotte institutions that this native-but-raised-on-chains son had never tried. We rectified that last Friday night, and I ended up depressed... depressed because I had been missing out for so long!SEE WAT I DID THAR?Anyways, as others have mentioned, the area of town that House of Pizza is in has decline since its glory days, although honestly, I rarely feel unsafe in east Charlotte. People talk about east Charlotte like it's Newark. Seriously, people. Sometimes shit happens, but people get shot in Ballantyne too. My point? Don't let the location put you off.The restaurant itself is humble. You can tell it's been there for decades, but it's clean and the decor is entertaining. Our waitress was very friendly and checked in on us frequently. Of course, the most important factor in rating a pizza restaurant is the pizza, and HoP gets it right. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but it's probably among the best I've had in Charlotte. The cheese and toppings are plentiful and the sauce is tasty. My only criticism would be that the crust, while sturdy, could use slightly more flavor. Also, a more varied beer list would be welcome.Now, I must return and try the sandwiches...
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/6/2012,212,802,5,12,5>We finally caught up with Denise and Chad the other night for socializing outside of a Yelp event. :-)  After stopping into to Duckworth's for a bevvy, we went to Persis for dinner. (Good call Chad!!) I must admit, I was a little unsure of how we would like it because the reviews on Yelp were a bit mixed.  However, I was impressed with our overall experience.  Even though the restaurant was pretty busy when we arrived, we were seated immediately.  Our service started out a little slow because our waiter was brand-new and did not know the menu.  We had questions, and he had to go get the manager (or owner) to help us.  I did not catch the name of the  manager/owner but he was so helpful and patient with our questions.  He also told us detailed information about some of the dishes and explained some of the differences about the various regional cooking styles & history about how some of the dishes were developed. Everyone was hungry, so we decided to start with a couple of appetizers. We also ordered off the menu for our entrees - which was good because I am not a big fan of buffets. Samosa - Crispy pastry turnover, filled with potatoes, peas, spices and herbs Served with chutney-  5 stars.  This was one of the most delicious samosas I have eaten.  The inside was flavorful and the crispy pastry was perfectly cooked.  Gobi 65 - Cauliflower marinated in Corn flour batter & spices, deep fried and tossed with yogurt and spices - 5 stars. Wow, I would have never ordered this if it had not been for the recommendation of the manager/owner.   But it was really delicious!Naan -  4.5 stars.  The naan was very fresh and tasty. Chicken Tikka Masala - Cubes of chicken roasted in a tandoor clay oven cooked with mildly spiced tomato gravy and served with basmati rice -  3.5 stars.  While the dish was flavorful, it was not the very best Chicken Tikka Masala I have ever eaten.  I got a 3 out of 6 on the spicy scale and thought the spiciness was just about right. Chicken Khorma - Pieces of chicken cooked in mildly spiced cream sauce with fresh cilantro (coriander) - 4.5 stars. Unfortunately, we didn't save room for dessert on this visit but they have some good selections on the menu.I thought the prices were very reasonable ($67 for 4 entrees, 2 appetizers, 2 orders of Naan, one coke, and one glass of Prosecco)  and the quality of the food was good.  I noticed that the majority of the other patrons during our visit were Indian, which I thought was a good sign.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,12/5/2012,49,306,5,8,4>I'm kicking myself for not going here sooner!One thing Charlotte doesn't have a lot of is good middle eastern food.  If you find yourself in need of an emergency fix, get yourself to La Shish Kabob, STAT!  It's only a ten minute trip from uptown Charlotte.I had the mixed grilled kabob plate, which is a sampler of all their chunk meat and kafta kabob offerings over a delicious rice pilaf.  Very, very tasty stuff.  Make sure you ask for the red and green hot sauces (relishes, really) that they keep behind the counter.  That'll take your meal over the top.I tried their baba ghanoush and hummos, and both were excellent.To top it all off, the guy who runs the place looks like a characher from lord of the rings.  You'll know what I'm talking about when you go try this place out, which you should do immediately.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/4/2012,151,1019,4,4,5>I am absolutely amazed with this practice.  Not only are they professional and friendly but they do awesome work.  I've had 5 dentists in my life and Dr. Kelly is the absolute best.As for hygienists, Joann and Lisa are awesome too.  Joann tells you what she is doing every step of the way and is always concerned about your comfort.  She is absolutely the best hygienist I've had since I was a kid.And don't forget Jen at the front desk.  She took the place of Marion who was awesome in her own way but Jen by far exceeds that...always willing to go beyond a normal receptionists duties. Now I am embarking on more major work for my mouth.  Dr. Kelly is taking pictures with a camera and impressions to make sure everything is perfect.  Never has any dentist of mine been so meticulous about my mouth.  All this makes me wonder why I didn't leave my old dentist sooner.   Seriously everyone, if you're looking for a great dentist, this is the place.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,12/3/2012,111,88,4,6,3>Best. Pizza. In. Charlotte!!! I love, Love, LOVE Pizza Peel. Luckily, it's just around the corner from our house & even though I try to eat healthy it doesn't take much effort for Joe to twist my arm and "make" me eat at "the Peel." In addition to having absolutely phenomenal pizza, Pizza Peel has a very diverse beer selection, is a great place to watch sporting events, has yummy sandwiches and the best house salad in town. Pizza Peel is definitely not a place to go to if you want to have a nice quiet dinner, but it's always a good time and fun for the whole family.. they even have a magician on Friday nights for the kids! Definitely ask for the secret menu and don't be afraid to order the mystery beer... we haven't been let down yet by the selection!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,12/2/2012,216,466,4,8,7>Popped in here on a recent Saturday afternoon and was super excited to see the place jammed!  There is a huge long bar where you make your order.  (It looked to me as tho there is no table service.)They have tasting flights available (IPA or Non-IPA available).  Beer preference is personal - we all have different likes and dislikes.  I couldn't find one I was in love with :-(  I tried all the IPAs and Non-IPAs.  Probably it had something more to do with the beer being luke-warm.  I get it that it is smokin hot out and it is probably hard to keep the beer super cold but geez.  I want to go back and try the beer again - I am sure there is a hidden gem that will fit my fussy palette. It is a super venue with plentiful parking in the back and super nice bartenders.  TVs are all around the room so you can park it and have a few with your friends!  Love local breweries and I will definitely be back.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,12/1/2012,96,265,5,7,5>This is the best Italian I've had outside of Little Italy in New York City.My bride and I have been regulars at Fiamma for just under four years now.  Each and every time, we request Yoshi as our server.  He's knows the food and wine menu inside and out and can easily guide you to your likings.  May I recommend the Il Poggio Sangiovese (Red Italian Wine)... It's our go-to.  The house-made pesto and focaccia bread is insanely good and is a complimentary item.If you like basic Italian, there are dishes that will keep it basic and knock your socks off.  My recommendation under this would be the Papardelle Bolognese.  It's a fantastic meat sauce featuring their housemade pasta.  It's simple yet slammed full of flavor.  Even better, it's only $13.  Why on earth would anyone go to Olive Garden or something of that nature when for a few dollars more, you can have fresh and high quality food.If you like things a little different or more authentic, there are a host of options for you.  My key favorites would be the Osso Bucco with Risotto, Tagliatelle d'Alba, or a fish special.  Great finishers would include the Panna Cotta (creamy, fresh fruit, light) or Tortino al Cioccolato if you are like me and require chocolate as a final bite!If you haven't had Fiamma, you are missing out.  I highly recommend you visit.  It's one of the best values in Charlotte.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,11/30/2012,1034,436,7,13,9>Doan's is a clean, new, restaurant on South Blvd. Had to go check it out the minute I saw Rod O's review.  He was right, can't wait to return and try some different items, my test item is always vermicelli with pork and spring roll.  I ordered V7 which was pork, chicken and spring roll.  Get crazy!!Friendly staff and fresh ingredients.  Make sure to ask if they have the house made chili sauce!  I was just there yesterday and I already want my dish again.  Why is fish sauce so addictive?
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/29/2012,87,62,10,15,9>In the NFL they call them "rookie of the year", in the world of craft brewing, I don't know what you call them, but Heist Brewery is now the MF Cam Newton of this town!  I've been tracking them on Facebook back when they were still taking votes on which logo to use just six months ago, so I NEVER expected them to come out this hard. We walked in and our jaws dropped, this isn't another tasting room with a small bar, tables scattered about, and a dainty little food truck parked outside. No, no, this place is HUGE! The inside looked like some elegant warehouse handcrafted by metrosexual lumberjacks. The first thing we noticed was a full bar (yes liquor in a brewery), and above that was a chandelier covered with bullet holes like Chuck Norris just had his morning coffee and walked in to decorate the place. On the way to the table we passed two bars, an upstairs dining section, and an outdoor "dog friendly" patio area.The menu descriptions had us drooling, and the food...I mean giant skewers of shrimp covered in tangy cotton candy clown wigs, Chicken and Waffles, Pork Belly Corndogs in a brewery? WTF! this place is out of control! We started with the Oven Roasted Beer Cheese and Pretzels....I literally scraped the remaining cheese up with my finger like a 3 year old, then turned around and did the same thing with the Gorgonzola dip minutes later from our Grill-Smoked hot wings. The Chicken and Waffles were unlike anything I have ever tasted, and the Root Beer BBQ sauce that came with the Pork Bellies was mouthwatering. As we scanned the menu we saw Parmesan Rosemary Tots, so we ordered a side dish of those and Holy $%*# were they incredible!!! I'd eat those straight out of Napoleon Dynamite's pockets! We finished with double desserts, the Caramelized Banana Hazelnut Egg rolls, and the Butterfinger Blondie Bite. I literally felt like slapping someone they were so good. PISSED I will never taste this Butterfinger dish in my own home, but I guess that means I'll be back soon.Finally the beer, I mean I almost forgot this was a effin brewery. You gotta respect their dedication to the basics. You won't find some crazy rhubarb flavored beer here. I spoke to the owner, their interests were perfecting the base of beer drinking, I'm talking hefeweizen, stouts, IPAs, lagers and ales. They had several seasonal and flavored releases too, but kudos to them for coming out the door with a solid base of some of the lightest and easiest to drink beers I have ever had at a microbrewery.We went with a combination of flights and pints to sample them all, so let me quickly break down my favorites:(Oatmeal Stout) - Almost Samuel Smith worthy but somehow lighter(Hefeweizen) - Balls down the best I have ever tasted. Bought a Growler of this!(i2pa) - Superb India Pale Ale! I wouldn't tip a 40 of this at my own brother's funeral(Kristalweizen) - Very light and smooth no hoppy or bitter aftertasteSeasonal favorites we tried:(Blueberry Blonde) - Tastes like blueberries and cream oatmeal(Peach Hefeweizen) - One of the better peach brews I have ever tasted(Belgian Tripel) - Reminded me of Canada's Trois Pistoles very flavorful!Alright real talk, there is one negative to this place. You WILL spend some cash, and the portions to cost ratio may be too much for your wallet to handle. If your visit was anything like ours though odds are the dining experience, the presentation, and the combination of flavors that come together from these creations, will still leave you with nothing but respect for what you just consumed, high price and all. We went with just the appetizers and desserts this route, but the menu is so diverse you will want to try it all.  We can't wait to head back to experience the entrees.If you find it hard to believe just check out their food porn on Facebook, or better yet browse the menu and tell me this place doesn't make you want to go to Check-n-Cash off Tryon and blow your wad on some grub and suds before you even get paid.Its just week ONE for Heist, and they are already the best brewery in Charlotte that serves food. This will forever be the place I bring out of towners and new friends until Heist is so well known NoDa is actually worth its current price of real estate.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/28/2012,9,51,4,4,4>Hooray Beer! Thankfully this brewery is only 1.9 miles from my house. I know this because I measured... By walking... Ok not really. They took a killer place and made it even better. Just like Noda or Birdsong no bottles. Though you can take home a huge growler that will keep you satisfied for sometime. They favor more toward the IPAs and Pale Ales but still have some good gems in between. A short drive from Southend and right off of the light rail, this place is a must stop. Great beer and great people. Perfect combo!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,11/27/2012,52,54,4,6,2>Do you really enjoy cooking? Maybe you are  one of those people who has a tin of pumpkin pie spice that expired in 2008? Perhaps your cupboard is full of petrified seasonings.  Then you need this store in your life! Awesome variety of individual spices, herbs and blends. The ability to get as little or as much any seasoning. Excellent service from people who are genuinely enthusiastic about what they do. But most of all, come here for the quality of the ingredients.Judge for yourself; open a bottle of a McCormick spice, get some of the same item out of the bulk bins at Earthfare and then some at the Savory Spice Shop. Take a whiff of each item and prepare to be blown away of the superior quality of the Savory Spice product.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,11/26/2012,74,627,3,8,3>I was really impressed.  I've walked in before, looked around no biggie.  I'm typically a "leave me alone & let me find what I want myself & I'll ask if if I need help" kind of woman.So I am minding my own business... I picked up a book on the $5 rack outside the store, wandered in and was perusing for something to catch my attention......what caught my attention was hearing another customer asking for help in finding something to read & hearing the response... "tell me what kinds of books you've read recently or that you have really enjoyed."  An open question, asking for the customer to provide clues as to which direction they want to go!  AND!  The sales person listened.  Awe-some.Even though I wasn't involved & only overheard - the rest of the conversation (read: conversation) showed interest, insight & knowledge of varied subjects & authors.This is and of itself is enough to give this store 5 stars.When I came to the register myself with my selections, another salesperson showed genuine delight in what I had selected and gave me some additional information about my purchase.I'm very happy to have re-discovered an independent bookstore in Charlotte & I will return.p.s.  TONS of good puzzles!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/25/2012,196,213,5,3,2>Black jeans, grey shirt, black tie and black Chucks. Sounds like something out of every hip GQ man's closet, my closet. As cool as I dress, sorry to disappoint, that is your waiter's wardrobe my friend. Super sexy and super loud. Decor is modern and cool as heck with their M16 lamps. Yep, you heard me, M16s! I couldn't read the chalk, but rumor is someone wrote the Art of War up there. I guess the M16's make sense now!Food is A-okay, a lil' pricey though. My only gripe is about the bartender (see ART of Yelp), as I have not forgotten.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,11/24/2012,51,85,2,4,4>On a scale from 1 to 10 (1 being vegetarian, 10 being carnivore), I'd say I'm about a 6.5.  I love my vegetables, but I'd be lying to you all if I didn't confess my love and need for protein of the meat variety! For whatever reason, I just don't feel FULL or totally satisfied without it.  So you can see I had my concerns. To my fellow omnivores, if you enjoy food, you will enjoy Fern.  Simple as that.  The food was outstanding and I can't wait to try more of the menu.We began with the bruschetta of the day, which was sinful charred garlic bread topped with asparagus, muscadine grapes, warm kale, pumpkin and I think it was Parmesan.  Holy deliciousness.  It was fabulous. Four pieces quickly vanished between the two of us.  Trying to keep it on the light side, I opted for the Warm Kale salad which is not the least bitter, as kale can be, with beets, carrots, and the best fried goat cheese I have ever had (so much for keeping it light....whatever).  I would order this again in an instant.  I sampled my friend's summer tomato tart, which was equally as divine.  The tomatoes literally burst in your mouth.  My glass of chenin blanc (my recent wine obsession) was also spot on.I left the restaurant totally satisfied and feeling good! I can't wait to be back. And yes, the cucumber infused water is insanely thirst quenchingly delicious.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/23/2012,150,417,7,8,7>We were wandering around on Saturday and my belly started to rub a blister on my back bone from hunger. We started heading over to the Subway because it was the only thing we noticed near the other stores we were heading to. Once we got closer to the door of Subway we noticed a guy flagging us down next door with something in his hands. We passed up Subway to see what this commotion was all about, and he told us about Q's. Good thing too, because we hardly even noticed them sitting there next to Subway. I don't know if their sign blends in or what the deal was, but I had no idea they were there before we met Mr. Menu waver here. He told us that this place was a "Comfort Food" restaurant, and that's all my rumbly tummy needed to hear. I did an about face, and my feet practically ran me inside this cute little diner. When you walk in, you are greeted with an old 50's style diner feel. It was very cute and welcoming. At first there was no one else really in the place, but soon after we parked our behinds at a shiny red booth,  this little place was hopping! Our server was a very polite man who told us that the Macaroni and Cheese was the best thing in the world, so that was pretty convincing. I mean the WORLD is a pretty big place and all. You can also add deliciousness in the form of bacon or ham. I figured since I was being bad and ordering mac and cheese in the first place, may as well complete it and add bacon. The menu is an array of comfort foods just like he said, and I've been to other locations around Charlotte labeled as "comfort foods," and I was not happy. I didn't know comfort tasted like cardboard to some folks... Anywho, my mac and cheese/bacon comes out in a GIANT bowl... like 3 people could have shared this thing. My honey orders the fried pork chop platter with 2 sides.  The garlic mashed potatoes come with it already and then you pick an additional side. We chose the green beans, and they were the delicious almost crunchy type. Man, I tell you what, when that food came out, I almost stole it all and ran out the door with it because I didn't want to be nice and share. Can you imagine? A short girl running out the door with macaroni and pork chops sticking out of her pockets??? Yeah. I can... mmmmmmm...This place did not let me down and the food was just fantastic. I will go back again soon and get the pork chops for myself. They were amazing and the mashed potatoes were the best I've had in a long time. Heads up on the Yelp coupon though. When I showed it to the man the image on my phone, he seemed a bit confused and told me to print it off before I came in next time. Can we even do that? Anywho, not a big worry. I don't need a coupon with food as good as this.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/22/2012,8,59,4,7,6>I have eaten at this Toast over a dozen times, it is delicious! It's perfect in this great, quiet college town. On a nice day i love sitting at a sidewalk table and enjoying breakfast and coffee while chatting with a friend or by myself. The food is always good. The seasonal pancakes are my favorite...pumpkin pancakes are delicious! The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  I look forward to some of the fall seasonal pancakes soon!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/21/2012,64,504,1,3,3>On our first visit to 18 Asian and Sushi Bar, we felt a little bit overdressed upon arrival in polo shirts and jeans.  I didn't realize it was a T-shirt-and-shorts kind of place.  I guess because people are out casually shopping in the nearby plazas and just stop by afterwards.  No worries, but it didn't really feel like a "night out" because of that.  We started with a couple of small cheap sushi rolls as appetizers.  They were yummy and good-sized for the price.  The shrimp tempura roll had a lot of flavor.  I opted for the Spicy Stir-Fried Scallops as my entree.  It was generously portioned and tasted very good.  Spicy, though?  Not so much.  It could have used a lot more kick to actually deem it "spicy."  I appreciated the option of scallops as a meat instead of the usual beef, chicken, pork, or shrimp.  Dinner prices are much higher than their lunch prices and, because it's SO casual inside (the patrons, not the decor/atmosphere), I felt like I overpaid.  Would I go back?  Sure, for lunch if I'm shopping in the area...and in shorts and a T-shirt, thank you very much.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,11/20/2012,137,460,4,9,4>It has been a year or so since I visited this cafe.  I don't have lasting memories of that visit recalling only that the food was okay.  It is nowhere on my daily travels and I had not returned until today.  Yes, the place is quaint, but only three tables were occupied on this evening during a drenching thunderstorm.  In any case, I stopped in today for sushi and ordered:1. Vegetable tempura (deep fried sweet potato (MY FAV!), zucchini, broccoli and potato)2.  Favorite Roll (crispy jumbo shrimp, spicy snow crab, avocado soybean paper with a spicy flavored mayo sauce)3. Chicken tempuraThe sushi was fantastic!  I am a sweet potato lover, so the vegetable tempura with a bit of crunch was delicious (am I partial?...yes!).  The chicken tempura was good, and my favorite seafood roll was pretty darn good as well!  I will be back very soon to give it  another try.Oh, and I also had Miso soup.  I have read of its 'healing' properties so I wanted to give it a try.  Oddly enough, my visit was Monday and I was pretty sick and stuffy on Tuesday :(  Maybe just a coincidence...  If you haven't visited the restaurant in a long while, give them another try. Perhaps the sushi chef has changed.  If not, my taste buds have changed for the better!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/19/2012,49,49,1,5,2>I work for Bank of America, and having this in Founders Hall is an absolute WIN!My first haircut in Charlotte was expensive and just OK. My second and third were at City Barbers. They're 2/2 on my hair. They pay really close attention to detail, which is a real surprise for a $20 haircut
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/18/2012,46,70,2,3,3>You know that 'go to' restaurant that's always in the back of your mind when you're trying to figure out where you want to get a bite to eat?  Well that restaurant is Dish for me.  It doesn't mean I always go there, but it's always up for consideration.I'm a southern/soul food junky and Dish hits the spot.  All the comfort food side dishes (mac n' cheese, mashed potatoes, greens) are really good.  They also serve you a hot buttered biscuit and deviled egg with pretty much every entree.  That's pretty unique!  My 2 favorite entrees are the country fried steak ($8) & cajun meatloaf ($9), both come with 2 sides as well as the aforementioned biscuit/deviled egg.  That's such a great deal.  So much food, so little money!  I also consider the country fried steak the best around, and I have fetish for the stuff.....The breakfast on Saturday is basic, but solid.  The bloody mary bar is cool as they have many options to customize your 'hair of the dog'.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,11/17/2012,165,779,4,10,5>Good wine pours, an absolute great martini drink (blood & sand) as well as cool campy decor with great service.  Oh the food! Yeah the food!  It's all a perfect storm.  I really enjoyed my recent visit via my girlfriend during my birthday celebration.  The service we recieved was spot on and just fantastic.  Not an overly pretentious space but you will spend quite a bit for the food and fare.Off the beaten path of Tryon Street is probably a plus in my mind as well.  The patio looks great and the outdoor furniture looked to be nice and comfy.While I was here I had the ribeye entree, preceeded by the shrimp pizza appetizer.  Both were absolutely perfect.  I wasn't really expectant of that level food but was very pleased at the perfect temperature of the steak and the juiciness that oozed from it.My girlfriend had a chicken entree and I fondly remember the phrase "best chicken I've ever had" being uttered.  That's a good sign!I really like this place and will be back soon.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,11/16/2012,71,209,7,8,4>So you want a delicious sammich, eh? And you would like to not have to fight for parking? But you are out in NoDa.Allow me to recommend The Bodega. So tasty. So convenient. So grilled cheese & Italian meats-y.I have had the delight of trying both a grilled cheese special with a Mediterranean twist and the Son of a Stallion. Both were amazing. The bread is crisp but not dry and all of the deli meats were super fresh. Add to that the fact that the owners are down to earth and the fact that they stock some pretty killer chips, drinks and beers, and you have the recipe for win. Oh and did i mention it's in NoDa but it has parking?!I did?Good.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,11/15/2012,53,163,1,6,3>Any store that allows you to buy their merchandise, wear it a few times and return if you aren't happy, is seriously awesome in my book!!  I decided to switch up my work outs and incorporate running (which I hadn't done since HS soccer).  So once I realized the shoes I was wearing were awful and causing me sever shin splints, I decided to pop in here on my way home one day.As soon as I was helped the nice guy, I want to say Scott but am not 100% sure, took one look at the way my right foot was turning in and started grabbing boxes upon boxes of sneakers.  I tried a few out on the treadmill and thought I found a great pair.  I paid and left.  I didn't get the gait analysis but that was fine by me, I was just happy to have a proper fitting shoe.I tested them out 2 days later and had to stop very soon after because my feet were in so much pain.  It felt like they were being clamped in a vice!!  So I went back the next day and there was someone else who helped me but the same nice guy was there as well.  I had some old Asics on so they helped find me some shoes that were similar.  I soon found a pair that felt great and luckily has worked out since.  However, when I made the exchange with the old shoes the guy told me don't worry about the 7 day return period, where them as much as you need to on the treadmill to make sure you like them and if not bring them back and we will do this again!  I mean that is some great customer service.So far so good with my new Brooks, and I even have a bit of store credit to use from the difference in price.  Oh they also take a real interest in what kind of running you are doing, how you recover, any scheduled races, and encourage you to come in and ask for advice if you need it .  That is what makes this a great store!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,11/14/2012,30,51,3,2,2>MY man and i scooped up not one but 2 groupons to this place and used the second one up last night.  Will we be back for another meal at full price you ask?  Absofreakinlutely!  We have always had attentive servers and fast service.  I'm a fan of the gumbo...could be a little spicier...but I'm kind of crazy in the heat department.  I had the blackened pork dish which comes with fresh pineapple, fried plantains,  and some kind of creamy bean sauce.  YUM...lick the plate good kind of yum.  and the bf had the blackened catfish with two heaping sides of fresh veggies.  It looked delicious and he finished the whole thing.  He has a pretty fancy palette and he loved it.  Didn't offer me a bite, but neither did I, I guess that's a good sign (we're selfish eaters).  Looks like we gotta check out the brunch next...ta!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,11/13/2012,90,98,2,2,2>Beautiful and elegant atmosphere , impressive wine list, a menu that changes with the season but is consistently tasty, and one of the best patios in Charlotte.  Their $10 bottomless mimosas on Sunday may just be the best deal in town.  Not too bad, Vivace, not too bad...
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,11/12/2012,17,178,2,4,3>I used to go to Smoothie King a lot until a friend brought me here and now I'm a convert! I love the buy 10 get 1 free card!The ONLY complaint I have is that sometimes I wait a little too long for a smoothie. The reason varies, somebody comes in that the owner (I think she's the owner?) recognizes so she makes theirs quickly without a verbal exchange, sometimes there are several people in front and since only one person is making the smoothies, you just have to wait, etc etc. I would appreciate a little more "be with you in just a moment" type comments instead of making me stand there and watch other things happening except my order being taken. This is especially important to me when people are at the smoothie counter and the juice counter. If I'm going to wait, that is ok, just acknowledge me and tell me you'll be right there! Anyway, this is just a small complaint that I will deal with because I love the smoothies! HAHA!Overall, this place is wonderful and makes for a great healthy meal/snack on the go. Just don't expect to always be in and out within a couple minutes! lol! Also, love the yogurt pretzels!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/11/2012,187,1664,3,4,3>You really have to make it a point to find your way to Brooks. You will not pass it on your way somewhere else, as this little road goes almost nowhere else - and those places it does lead are generally much simpler to get to if you take the more easily traveled routes. Perhaps Robert Frost was inspired by Brooks when he wrote about the diverging roads in his famous poem, but we may never know.Whatever the case, if you do find yourself here, by chance or on purpose, the small cinder block building has only one way in and one way out - and it is quite possible there will be a line during the small window of opening hours (none of which happen during dinner, so don't get your hopes up).Those who like an open kitchen are in luck, because you can see everything that goes on here - just look over the counter and you can see the grill as your food is prepared, plated (well, bagged) and served to you, and you can step out. There is not really any place in-house to eat, but you can pull up a picnic table outside to partake if that is your style. Like other to-go establishments, you likely won't get the same experience if you are going far to eat, so it's probably worth doing so. The other option is eating in your car, but if you try that, you might need to look up dry cleaners as well. Maybe auto detailing too.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,11/10/2012,103,218,10,10,6>Wanna feel like you're taping your own episode of Anthony Bourdain's 'No Reservations' in Charlotte?  Let's rundown your checklist as we head over to Le's:1.  You, the pious foodie, makes a pilgrimage to a part of town not showcased in the city's tourism materials, where you will be greatly outnumbered by people you never knew inhabited said city speaking a language that you cannot begin to decipher.  CHECK.2.  In search of ethnic cuisine that is either hard to find or lacks authenticity at the more "main stream" food establishments.  CHECK.3.  In a place that, upon first encounter, has you thinking, "There's no way this can be sanitary!"  CHECK.4.  And, after throwing all caution aside, you dig in and find mastery in the most unlikeliest of places.  Nirvana ensues.  CHECK CHECK.That is a trip to Le's and if the above appeals to you at all (along with the Viet-French fusion that is the banh mi sandwich) this is a must for Charlotte adventurers.  No big menus, no table-side service, no inkling this place even exists until you walk thru the rundown bomb-shelter of a mall and stumble upon this bustling corner shop.  Blind trust is finally rewarded.Le's does one thing only and one thing well: the banh mi sandwich.  The freshest of French baguette- crisp on the outside, creamy smooth inside- kept warm till serving time.  The heat of fresh jalapeno and the fresh earthiness of cilantro.  Pickled vegetables layered in between.  Sounding good?   At less than $4.00 a piece, you'll likely find yourself wanting more than one,  but bring your Benjamin's, no plastic accepted here. As Anthony quips, "What can I say, I happen to be an aficionado of the dive bar."  Le's fits that bill and is proof that just because it's a dive does not mean it can't also be a little piece of heaven.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,11/9/2012,19,157,3,3,3>Again, I am so pleased with Good Food on Montford. The service at the bar is great. Tonight I enjoyed the lettuce wraps - fresh, zippy, good. Next I had a portion of the pea soup - this soup would have been superior had it not been excessively salty. Last on my list: lamb belly. The small roulades look a little skimpy at first but, oh my goodness, they are so rich, I could not have eaten any more! It was a perfect portion of such a wonderfully flavored dish - very good, highly recommended.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,11/8/2012,50,380,,4,2>Great place to go for dinner and a movie all wrapped up into one..... There obviously aren't a lot of places to compare this to in the Charlotte area but Cinebarre is a much better experience than Mez in my opinion. The rows of seats in each theater are set up with a companion row of raised bar shelves right in front of where you are sitting and that is where your condiments are located as well as a place you can set your drink if you'd like as well as any food you want to order. The ordering system is pretty simple, there is a notepad where you just write in what you want in sections such as "drink,apps,main dish, desserts". Then the waiters will stop by and pick up your sheet and run your order. The layout of this place is a real good idea because to accomplish the waiter service they have just removed every other row of seats in order to make a alley for the servers to get to in so they can move around to every person seated without drawing any attention away from the screen. Also, if you want to, you can clarify with the waiter what you specifically wanted with your order if need be or you can just simply be more detailed when you list your order on the notepad and they will grab the tab and run your order without any fanfare. I found the ordering system to be similar to comedy clubs. Also, when the wait staff does need to interact with you they always seem to use whispered tones since after all you are in a theater and they don't want to bug any of the people around you too much.As for the food, they pretty much have a lot of your standard "bar food" such as pizza, chicken tenders and chips/salsa. We were fortunate enough to get to sample most everything they had and it was all pretty much par for the course. The price of a ticket just to see a movie is 10$ for a standard, 7.50$ for a matinee and they have a 5$ tuesdays special. With the prices set around 4$ a beer and 12.50$ for a pizza you could get into a moderately priced evening of around 30-40$+ if you hit a movie here whilst hungry and thirsty. This probably isn't the cheapest movie option out there but for sure it is a nice way to treat yourself if you'd like to have some top notch service with your movie.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,11/7/2012,41,363,3,5,3>Ever since we first saw the signs for Bonefish Grill a few months back, we've been eagerly anticipating the opening. Bonefish Grill is one of the few chains I will look forward going to, as they are a cut above the other seafood chains (I'm looking at you, Red Lobster and McCormick). So today we headed down after work and got on line to wait (no reservations were available for tonight.) We were told it would be a 45 minute wait, and we were buzzed in after about a half hour.With it being the opening week, the place was hopping. You can expect a few things from a brand-new, chain-run restaurant...long waits, unknowledgeable servers, inexperienced chefs, and more. I'm happy to say that aside from the wait to get in, everything else was fairly good. Right off the bat my ears were assaulted by blaring music being pumped in through speakers, and I will never understand why restaurants think people would rather listen to this stuff instead of talking with their party. We were seated at a high top table near the bar (but not considered bar seating) and our waitress came over after a couple of minutes and took our drink orders. The miss' had a question about one of the wines and we had to wait about five minutes for the waitress to get an answer and report back, but at least she made the effort instead of giving us a guestimate. The wine was moderately priced, and I was able to snag a glass of Reisling for $6.90 (I've paid $8-9 for a similar glass at other restaurants.)For an appetizer we went with the signature appetizer, Bang Bang Shrimp ($9.30). If someone was to say the signature app was fried shrimp, most people (including me) would simply say "meh." But these Bang Bang Shrimp are pure bangin'! The single order came with twenty shrimps all piled on a bed of lettuce. These bad boys ain't your everyday fried shrimp though. First the shrimp themselves...they are small and bite-sized, and ridiculously tender. They are not greasy or super-duper battered, but lightly battered and served with this amazing spicy sauce. If you've never had it before, the Bang Bang Shrimp is a must-have appetizer. It really sets the stage for the meal you will eat later.Our waitress brought out our bread after we polished off our shrimp. It's plain ol' Italian-style bread, but it came out piping hot and fresh, and that makes a huge difference. They also give you a pesto-olive oil dip rather than plain butter which makes a world of difference. I'll take oil over butter for my bread any day, and I'm doubly down with that when they put that wonderful pesto in there.For dinner I ordered the small portion of the Chilean Sea Bass ($23.30) along with a mango salsa. The bass was cooked perfectly and it came apart in big, meaty chunks...it didn't just disentergrate into fish flakes on my plate. It had a great flavor to it that was only enhanced by the mango salsa which gave it a bit of heat and sweet between the fruit, peppers and cilantro. For my "starch" I opted for the au gratin potatoes which were hands down, 100% TASTETACULAR! It's more like a casserole, and had this wonderfully crunchy topping that made it one of the better potato sides I've had out. The dish also came with seasoned veggies (mostly zucchini and squash) and they were cooked perfectly and were still a bit crisp and firm, not nasty and mushy.The miss' ordered the day's salmon special called Lily's Salmon ($15.90) that was a salmon filet topped with goat cheese and spinach. This was definitely some of the better salmon I've ever tried, and the goat cheese also enhanced the fish. I avoided the spinach, but the miss' enjoyed combining all three ingredients into one tasty bite. Her dinner came with the mashed potatoes as a side and they were also pretty good...light, fluffy and creamy!I expected some hangups having gone opening week, and was pleasantly surprised with the great experience we had. Sure, things were slow and the waitress might have been a bit off, but it the place just opened! I know the waitress was overwhelmed between the volume of customers that had to be served and having to learn everything she had to, so I'm not complaining about that. What's more important was the fact that the food was spot-on. Everything came out hot, fresh and delicious, and for me that's the biggest factor. The servers will learn the menu and be able to sell it in time, but the fact that the kitchen staff were able to deliver such great food so quickly is key. I definitely see Bonefish Grill becoming one of our favorite restaurants in the Huntersville area.I can't wait to go back after the grand opening hype has died down and the staff has some experience under their belts. But who can wait that long for Bang Bang Shrimp?! GO NOW, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,11/6/2012,32,92,1,6,4>We were in the neighborhood and my husband hit Yelp to try to find a good place for lunch. Las Margaritas' 4 and 5 star reviews stood out. It was Cinco de Mayo, and Mexican seemed like an ideal choice.The menu is good, and the lunch specials are available even on weekends. We each ordered one of the lunch specials for $5-$6. My husband ordered the Arroz con Pollo (his standard) and I tried a dish new to me... "Chilaquile" or something like that. I was in it for the tomatillo sauce. Kind of like an open faced burrito with corn tortillas.The beer was cold. The salsa (both a veggie based slaw-type salsa and a regular thin medium tomato-based salsa) was good. The chips were fresh and warm. Our food was excellent, and portion sizes were generous for the prices we paid at lunchtime. Service was fantastic and a great soccer game was on the telly.For me, a 5-star rating means there's nothing I can find fault with or suggest improvement upon. Las Margaritas is a humble strip mall Mexican restaurant that serves delicious food at great prices and with attentive service. For what it is, I can suggest nothing at all to improve upon. If we're ever in the neighborhood, we'll be back!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,11/5/2012,249,585,4,8,4>My usual suspects (Dion L. & Simone M.), along with my boyfriend & Dion's husband (we were missing Katie M.!) ventured out today to the grand opening of JJ's. We got there at 1:30 & there was already a line at the door!We got in a little early & checked out the inside...wow! It's really nice inside - check out the drum set "chandelier" on the ceiling! The "pallet" is clean, nice wood throughout, old black & white pictures on the walls. While it's somewhat small inside, the booths are huge & have plenty of space. They also have table seating & a bar-type island table in the middle. As soon as you walk in, you place your order at the register & pay for you food. The kitchen space is open, somewhat. You'll want to go ahead & get your soft drinks at the fountain & have a seat. They bring your food out to you. I settled for the Joilet Jake dog (Chicago style), onion rings, & an orangeade. Keep in mind, if you order an orangeade or lemonade, they make it fresh, so they'll bring it out to your table.We didn't wait very long until we received our food. Dion got the coney dog & beans, Simone got the Maui dog with fries, while Shawn got the Joliet dog with onion rings & a strawberry milkshake, & Evan got the sausage sliders & slaw. We were all "oooh-ing & ahhh-ing" about our choices! The dogs had a nice char to them & all the yummy toppings made the hot dog perfect! The onion rings...ohhhh! They were nicely fried & seasoned with a spicy batter. The orangeade was so refreshing! I would have liked the option to have a larger cup, though. At least with a soft drink, you were able to get free refills.Other notes: friendly employees, pickled vegetables & jalapeños, Mt. Olive full pickles & Mt. Olive bread & butter pickles are beside the drink fountain. Beware! Those jalapeños are VERY hot! Patio seating outside, as well as deck seating on top of the restaurant.  Their prices are pricey, my entire meal was $10 & some change. Their marketing is fantastic! Their social media game (twitter, Facebook, instagram) is on point & they do offer to hold events at the restaurant. They also have cute t-shirts and hats for sale.Hoping JJ's Red Hots will do well & stay a part of the community. If today was any indication, they're going to be just fine!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,11/4/2012,23,85,,7,6>Ate here last on 8/12/2012I Don't know what's wrong with some of these fellow yelpers,This place is great ! Have never had a bad experience here. Apps gyosa and honey roll were excellent.  We had shrimp and chicken and it was flavorful and delish!!! My son had NY Strip and no grisle was tender and cooked perfectly. We will come back here over and over. Service by Mel was attentive and knowledgeable.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/3/2012,128,184,4,4,3>Terrace Cafe is a great brunch spot.  We stopped in here a Saturday morning/afternoon to get some brunch and of course mimosas.  We you first walk in, you see a bar, some seating on ground level, and then an exposed upstairs which is where we sat.  This place just feels new and clean, while still having some charm to it.      The food here is awesome.  I had the red velvet waffle and the lady had the eggs benedict  The egg was poached nicely, but the red velvte waffle reigned supreme. I honestly wanted to lather my body with the cream cheese drizzle, though I don't know what unwanted person I may attract.     The food, mimosas, and the service were great.  I aso distinctly remember the odd shaped glasses for some reason. The only thing that put me off a little bit is the price.  It was a bit higher for brunch, but you do get what you pay for.  Overall I would definitely return.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,11/2/2012,10,65,4,4,4>Holy humongous desserts, batman!  You have got to see this place!  Don't go to the Landmark expecting amazing decor. It's clean, just a little dated. What you visit this Charlotte institution for is the amazing food! On my most recent visit with my husband and a friend of ours, we sampled the breakfast menu. It's an expected offering, but with results that soar right on over ordinary. My husband, a steak purist, declared his ribeye 'the best I've ever had'. The flavor was perfect. I asked for a gravy biscuit that wasn't on the menu, but they made it anyway. It was good and very satisfying. I've sampled other menu items over the years and never been disappointed. After the generous meal portions, if you have room for dessert, you pretty much can't make a bad choice.  The chocolate anything will be great, their baklava is amazing, and I recently enjoyed a lemon cake that was wonderful. Don't miss this gem, it's a great place.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,11/1/2012,66,114,4,4,4>Who doesnt love this place?! COME ON! Ok, well I could live without the salsa, but the pico is ooooooh so good. I also dig that they offer Sol beer which is not easy to come by. I admit, I am not one to order the same thing every time I go out to eat, but I just cant stay away from the arroz con pollo. ARRRRRIBA! Take a bunch of amigos/amigas and enjoy a margarita or two and eat up...then go home with the leftovers. My guy and I had leftovers and I made a freakin casserole with them for god sakes. So much food!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/31/2012,16,48,5,3,3>I can't believe I made the mistake of living a couple blocks away for 9 months before finally trying this place. I've long lamented Charlotte's distinct lack of affordable, independent Italian restaurants and here, 5 minutes walk from my home was this Elysium of Mediterranean awesomeness.I went with my girlfriend, who happens to be a foodie from the Greater Philly area, which I'm quite sure is enough to qualify her as a de facto expert on Italian cuisine. We were both highly impressed every step of the way. We ordered the fried calamari appetizer and were presented with what can best be described as little rings of crispy perfection...and marinara, of course. The only calamari I've ever had that came close was from an outdoor restaurant in Marrakech. (Pro-tip: don't order squid in landlocked, Islamic cities. Whether or not the Koran forbids squid may be debatable. What is certain is that, however delicious, you will get sick. I leave it to you to work out the cost-benefit analysis there).Her Chicken Francese with fettuccine was the sort of thing that might have been painted on the Sistine Chapel ceiling had Michelangelo not been employed by clerics to paint religious imagery instead. Might The Creation of Adam have been painted with a flying fettuccine monster in place of God? Alas, we will never know.My Chicken Marsala with gnocchi was even better. Sorry for having to be so terse about it. I can say no more without getting choked up, and I'm at work. Just order it. It will change you.In true American fashion, the servings were so large we both had plenty left over to take home but couldn't resist putting Villa Francesca through the ultimate test of Italian restaurants, the cannoli. Having never had one that wasn't soggy, way too sweet or both, I was doubtful I'd enjoy it. Wrong again, Bob! They don't fill their cannoli until they're ordered and for once, I didn't feel like I was flirting with diabetes with each bite. It was transcendent. I will have to try the pizza next. If everything I've tried so far is any indication, I've probably found my new favorite pizza place as well. And to think, I've been going to Fuel all this time!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,10/30/2012,25,251,4,9,5>After my girlfriends and I ordered what seemed like everything on the menu, spent over 4 hours at lunch...we've decided this has got to be our new go-to pizza/Italian spot! The three of us went for the restaurant's Friends and Family preview two days before they open. They're located in Park Towne, the shopping center across from Park Road, where the Total Wine and Polka Dot bakery is.  The space is bright and airy and all of us agreed, fresh.  (No remnants of the old Tavern at all.)The manager told us he really took care in hiring good people to work for him, and we were all impressed with everyone's friendliness and attentive service. Our water/sodas were always replenished, and the menu, thoroughly explained.  The owner told us everything in made in-house, and the dough is fresh daily.  The pizzas are also baked in a brick oven, not one of those conveyor belt things.  BIG plus. Simone M. and I ordered Greek Salads, toasted ravioli, lasagne and garlic bread, a buffalo chicken pizza, a steak and onion calzone, cannoli and zeppolis.  Our friend Angie P. joined soon after and got a house special hand-tossed pizza. EVERYTHING was super fresh and delicious.  Not greasy and heavy at all.  The pizza is just how I like it, really nice and chewy dough, crisp on the outside and the toppings ultra flavorful.  I mean, the buffalo chicken pizza is one of the best ones I've ever had.  My 1000% percent favorite was the calzone.  The dough crisp and no undercooked sogginess at all.  Lots of cheese and fillings and marinara...ohhhh, I'm drooling! By the way, the star dessert is the zeppoli.  (Did I spell that right?) Imagine about 7 or 8 hot, puffy pieces of deliciousness, a cross between fried dough and a doughnut.  COVERED in powdered sugar, dunked in a raspberry jelly sauce.  You may consider eating this for the main meal. Al's by the way is a Florida pizza place, but this location is the first franchise store to be opened in NC.Things we learned during our visit: Monday-Friday 2-5pm features $1 slices of pizza!Thursday, all day, 1 dollar Yuengling and 1 dollar house wines!We noticed the lunch entrees were super reasonable.  The lasagna with garlic bread $5.39 or something close to that. Add a side salad for $2.99. I'm overall really happy with Al's, and am positive it's going to be a popular spot for not a lunch with girlfriends, but for families, business people and anybody who just wants to get some yummy food at a reasonable price in a nice, friendly setting. PS:  I really liked the bathroom.  Nice modern fixtures and large stalls.  Hey, this is important, people!PPS:  We were told delivery would become a reality in the near future too.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/29/2012,182,166,8,7,5>I've heard legends and tall tales about Phat Burrito for years now.  I feel like every time someone brings up Johnny Burrito or Chipotle in Best Burrito Conversations, someone inevitably chimes in with a vote for Phat Burrito.  But just like the talk of legends such as Big Foot and the Loch Nest Monster, I thought Phat Burrito was just that;  talk. With that being said, I went to Phat Burrito (PB) this afternoon for lunch.  This was my first and only time going to Phat Burrito and beyond what was contained in the menu online (phatburrito.com/home/pha), I really didn't know what to expect.  First thing that stood out to me was the tricky parking situation at PB.  Just like the mafia, its easy to get in, but hard to get out.  Upon parking, and going inside, I noticed the inside felt tight and and bit cramped.  There were plenty of people already sitting at tables and a few peeps standing in line placing orders.  My friend ordered the steak burrito (w/black beans, sour cream, but no guac).  I ordered the BBQ Steak burrito (w/ refried beans and both sour cream and guac).  While we waited for our burritos to be made, we went to the little salsa bar in the back and fixed ourselves a few cups of the different salsas.  I heard someone yell, "TREY!" from behind the counter and I knew our burritos were ready to be devoured.  The BBQ STEAK Burrito I ordered was splendid.  There seemed to be plenty of steak (they didn't short me on the meats as others have stated).  The BBQ flavor was slow to hit me, but after a few moments of chewing...THERE it is!  That sweet BBQ sauce amalgamated well with the guac, cheese, sour cream, refried beans and the freshly made salsa.  Just like a colony of ants, all of the ingredients worked as one.  It was unlike any other taste I've ever experienced, and instantly had me wanting to come back again!  I tasted my friend's steak burrito and can say it was not nearly as good as the BBQ STEAK burrito.  I also think you have to add both GUAC and SOUR CREAM to maximize your taste experience.  Nonetheless, it was still well above par.  The service was great.  The bro who took our order was cool, and very personable.  I can concur with other reviews which mentioned that the inside was a little grimy.  While I appreciated that aspect of PB, my date was a bit turned off by it.  Today, Phat Burrito made me a believer.  Today I found out that legends of magical burritos aren't the stuff of legends at all - they are indeed real...Real good and tasty, that is...and just like Arnold, "I'll BE BACK."
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,10/28/2012,8,70,2,3,3>On the rare occasion I get to meet Husband uptown for lunch, we usually try to make a point to stop by, even for only a few minutes, to take in this little breath of fresh air in the big city. On a warm summer day - like today - it is a cooling presence that adds a most welcome calming touch to whatever else the day holds in store for you.Go on. Take off your socks, roll up your pant legs, and get in some splish-splash before you have to head back to the office.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,10/27/2012,12,92,5,9,3>Here's the story: We bought a natural gas grill for our new house on Sunday morning. The line was already in place so we figured it would just be a few snaps and we'd be on our way to delicious grilled meats--- we were wrong. The connection from the grill was not the same size as the line. At a loss for what to do we searched the internet trying to find out how to fix it, nothing; went to Home Depot to try and get help, nothing. We called Weber and they said we need to call a plumber. At this point it's 5:00 on a Sunday, the reality is setting in that we will most likely not be enjoying grilled meats for a few days. As a last ditch idea I quickly searched plumbers on my Yelp app and Mike the Plumber was the first one that showed up. I gave my husband the number thinking we would receive an answering service- nope. The phone was answered by Mike's wife and after a 10 min conversation, Mike was on his way to our house, one a Sunday evening! Mike and his wife (they are a team- he does the work and she does the billing and serves as his "helper") showed up, he looked at the connection and within a few mins said that he was off to Home Depot for a part and that he would be able to fix it!! Off they went and a few minutes later they were back with the part and within a few more minutes it was working, the grill was working and all of my dreams of grilled meats were coming true! For what I consider a very reasonable $80 the grill was hooked up on a Sunday evening and I was not forced to wait to fulfill my craving. And to top it all off Mike and his wife are super friendly which made the experience that much better! Hopefully I won't find myself in need a plumber again anytime soon, but if I did, I wouldn't hesitate to use Mike!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,10/26/2012,92,370,1,4,6>I'm new to this, but why?  How has no one ever made me go get some half priced taco's from 4-6pm.  Or even just told me to go pay full price.OK, like I said, I'm new to this, so can't give the full report back till I go check it a few more times.  But, those salmon taco's ain't no joke.  Tried some tuna and some ceviche as well, quite edible, but not quite as awe inspiring.Food was so good and I was soooooo hungover that I didn't really notice how wild the decor was till I was walking out.  Did notice Charlotte's own K.C.(old owner of fat City amond much other fame) was there, makes sense with all the tatted up waitresses.Full report ASAP!!!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,10/25/2012,155,972,6,6,5>Quick. And that's how it should be when the attainment beauty is painful. It's in a great location near the food court. It's in an open kiosk and I just had to tell myself that if I close my eyes, no one could see me if I couldn't see them. It worked. I'm usually a waxing type of girl, but since The Brow Bar has been spotted at a few of the Yelp events, I've gotten use to the idea of switching to threading. They got me in and out in a matter of minutes and I was on my way!They offer eyelash services too...but they said they only last a couple of weeks. Oh if there were only a permanent solution. All in all, fast and friendly staff and in a convenient location.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,10/24/2012,73,52,4,11,5>Stopped in to check it out, and loved the experience. I wasn't expecting a personalized tasting tour of their oils and balsamic vinegars, complete with fresh bread for dipping but was delighted with the personal shopping experience with my wonderful sales person. YUM. They have 3 walls filled with delicious oils and vinegars of different varieties, and they encourage tasting (and even give a "how to taste" demonstration to get the most out of the product). I was very excited to sample the many flavorful oils. It was so much fun and inspired me to try and come up with some fun recipes that incorporate the oils and vinegars. I was especially impressed with the variety of plain (non-infused) olive oils, from light to full bodied. I never realized how different they could taste! I purchased several gifts and some oil and vinegar for myself, and can't wait to go back again soon when I have more time. This will be a must-see when my mom comes to town, and definitely going to be on my Christmas shopping list.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/23/2012,10,29,2,4,2>I really like this place. It's a Mexican restaurant for Americans. What I mean by that is the food is not too complicated, yet completely delicious and a great place to go when you're looking to fill a "chips and salsa" void. I've been here at least five times and I haven't yet been disappointed. It's a great place for a group of young people looking to have a good time and drink margaritas ... as well as a great place for a family with small children. It accommodates just about anyone ... young or old. And that's why I like it. Before I dined at Paco's Tacos I thought it was a "dive type place" with cheap Mexican food. The name kind of led me to think that. Well, once I finally went to Paco's I discovered it's just the opposite. It's not a little "Mom and Pop" place, nor is it a dive restaurant. Paco's is not super cheap but also not crazy expensive. It's a little more upscale than the majority of Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area. With that said, if you're looking for fancy, there are a few nicer upscale "Spanish influenced/Mexican restaurants" in the Charlotte area.Anyway, as far as Paco's Tacos goes this place is yummy. They give you chips and salsa like all Mexican restaurants and are great with refilling both as needed. There salsa is chunky and slightly spicy and really gets your taste buds going. The past few times I've been there I've ordered the Taco's. You can get two or three it's up to you and the options are endless. They give you the choice of house made flour tortillas, house made wheat tortillas, low carb tortillas, crispy yellow tacos or soft corn tortillas. "I like the crispy tacos". Normally when I'm going to Paco's I'm craving Americanized Mexican food and this place is perfect for that. When I'm craving more complicated Spanish influenced food I go somewhere else ... but that's another review.Your taco meal is served with red rice and citrus chipotle slaw and your choice of charro, black or refried beans. I really like both the black and refried beans.I normally get two tacos but my three favorite to choose from are the:GRINGO BEEF TacoSeasoned ground beef, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and mixed cheeses. "Very all American"PACO'S TACO - a slightly spicy Beef Brisket Taco. Before you get it the chili rubbed beef brisket is slow roasted for 6 hours with caramelized onionsand chipotle bbq sauce. YUM!or the:WOOD GRILLED CHICKENOnions and bell peppers, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and mixed cheeses "This one just tastes fresh and delicious" I've had a ton of other things at Paco's but I keep coming back to these three taco choices. They're just YUMMY!If you're looking for a drink and aren't sure what to get their margaritas are perfect. I'm pretty simple when it comes to drinks so I go with a traditional margarita on the rocks with salt. Try it you won't be sorry. If you're looking for a starter while waiting for your entree go with this one: UNHOLY GUACAMOLE 9Yum ... and the best part is it's made fresh at your table. Honestly you can't go wrong if you stick with the Mexican staples. The food won't disappoint and the ambiance is great for just about anyone. Enjoy!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/22/2012,61,127,4,6,4>Hidden behind the street-view shops in the back corner of Phillips Place, WP has graced CLT with a new concept that seems to be hitting all the right notes.The concept: a casual Napa Valley-inspired pizza bistro and bar with Wolfgang Puck's meticulous attention to detail. Cloaked in dark, raw wood and plenty of wrought iron, it feels like a piece of Cali right here in the QC. The expansive bar greets you at the door, and the patio is very low-key and intimate. The staff is very welcoming and professional, in a casual and non-pretentious way, making for a great experience. Even as walk-ins on a Saturday night, we were seated in under 5 minutes.Being "Pizza Bar", that's clearly the star of the menu. Deliciously crispy brick-oven creations with a gourmet touch. We started with the garlic rolls (baked in the cast iron pan they are served in...I'm starting to get into pot-baked breads, so this made my day) with chunks of roasted garlic. All pizzas are personal sized, and incredibly priced for a Puck experience. We ordered the chicken and broccoli and pepperoni pomodoro, the true test of a pizza place. We were wow-ed by the flavor and quality.For those not as interested in pizza, there are also salads, sandwiches, and a few heavier plates (ie - steak). A welcome addition to the Charlotte restaurant scene that I'm sure I will be patronizing again (and again).
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,10/21/2012,31,89,1,5,4>I have heard about this place for years and the chefs for a very upscale particular (but will not be named) restaurant Uptown personally labled this as the absolute best place in Charlotte to get a steak.Thanks to a Living Social deal, I got to experience this myself.As other reviews have mentioned the exterior does not appear that it has been updated in at least three to six decades. There are no windows outside so the place looks very shady. Or, or just like an old school steak house where the Rat Pack would have dined.Once you walk in you can tell this place is something special. It is pretty dark, seemingly illuminated by only the candles and single light at the booth tables (there are actually more, you won't trip in the dark). The ambience seems like the perfect place for a special anniversary or to conduct underground business deals. At times I wasn't sure if someone was going to propose or the FBI was going to bust in.As for the food, I wish I had a bigger budget because even with the Living Social deal, this place was very expensive for two people. My roommate and I had $40 off and still spent $60 combined on our meals and desert and tip (full amount regardless of deal). If I had more I would have been daring on some starters because they serve frog legs, escargot and baked oysters.However, I loved what I got. I will say it was a gloriously tender ribeye steak served medium to absoulte perfection. I'm pretty handy on grill and have eaten a ton of steaks and I think this is the probably the second best one I have ever had. Truly delicious. I don't know how much more one can say. Seriously top two steaks I've ever eaten (the best was in Knoxville, Tennessee of all places).The wait staff was a little slow to get us started but once they did, they were fully attentive and if our waitress couldn't make it to our table in time, another passing by would top off out water or clear a plate without hesitation.Because we could only use one LIving Social deal at a time, my roommate and I will be back. And I CAN NOT WAIT!(Why a four star and not a five? Price and price alone. I'm typically a penny pincher so it is tough for me to spring that much and give a five star to a place most, including me, can't afford. Still worth every penny if you can.)
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,10/20/2012,154,294,2,3,3>Alright, here we go... round two. And not to my surprise I'm going to have to update this place with 5 stars. The second time around was just as good as the first, plus the great service. My family and I came out this time together (I dragged them out here because I told them there were better BBQ spots) and were they glad they came! We sat outside and enjoyed the awesome tunes that they pumped out on a nice evening.Now that I have completely blown their minds away with the food we will be coming back here when we have a craving for BBQ. We ordered what I ordered by myself last time, the 'whole lot of stuff' combo platter and then we decided it wasn't enough so we also ordered the 'little bit of stuff' and our combo was everything but the turkey (we have something to get next time we go.)The Texas sausage to me wasn't worth it. We only got one link, and in my opinion if we got pulled pork it would have been more worth it and more filling. Anyways, I end with this: As far as the laws of barbecue refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,10/19/2012,66,101,4,4,3>Cheap, delicious, fresh coffee.  I'm not talking about the stale cup of plain joe you get at ANY other regular coffee shop that tastes like dirty burned coffee beans.  If your office doesn't have a coffee maker, I highly suggest making a trip down here.  If you're concerned about the preparation - it's regular old drip coffee, not percolator, so do with that information what you will.A medium java sets you back only $1.70, and they have a ton of flavored coffees if you're into that.  Normally I'm not, but I tried the "Hawaiian Macadamia Nut" today, and ALOHAAAAA... delicious.  You can't really beat it for a cheap and good quality cuppa.  (*side note* there is a $3 minimum for credit cards, so bring cash if you're coming down for just coffee)
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,10/18/2012,94,181,2,3,2>Updated 6/2/12 for DinnerWent BACK here for dinner since we had such a great lunch here, and all we have to say is WOW SQUARRED! Just as good if not BETTER than lunch. We started off with their SEARED Fois Gras. Now if you've ever had REAL fois gras, you know just how succulent and savory it is. Yes it's quite expensive as it takes a LOT of work to get the duck livers that fatty (don't even bring up the animal cruelty thing.....). But hey, you only live once, and it's worth the splurge! Well suffice it to say it was AWESOME! Literally MELT-IN-YOUR-MOUTH goodness. It just doesn't get much better than this. I had to try their traditional fare, so I went with their bone-in ribeye, and picked the TRUFFLED Mac and Cheese! Truffle on anything is awesome....but on high quality (i.e., Adult) Mac & Cheese, it's even better! Steak was done perfectly, and I chose their Duck-Fat Bernaise sauce to accompany my steak. WOW! So yummy! Implied in the above description is the fact that when you order "Grill" items, you get to pick a side and sauce to your liking......Very cool!My wife has a weakness for RARE Ahi Tuna....so she got that with a very delicious wasabe cream sauce. Very fresh and yummy as well.They do have a very nice wine list, but, in line for Uptown, it is a little pricey. So we each ordered our own glass of wine to match our selected dish. White for her and red for me. They have a Justin Cab from Paso Robles, one of my very favorite wine regions, so it was perfect for my hardy ribeye.Dessert we ordered the chocolate torte! And yes it was RICH and sweet. So we had to get a glass of my fave dessert wine: Pedro Ximenez Sherry (or PX for short). If you've never had a PX before, I swear it is LIQUID RAISINS in a glass. Only thing sweet enough to accompany such a rich and sweet dessert.Our waiter, Jimmy, was fantastic as well. Obviously a VERY knowledgeable foodie like us, and his recommendations were spot on.After trying many of the Uptown Restaurants, this one is at or very near the TOP. And their prices are quite reasonable given the quality and area the restaurant is in.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,10/17/2012,56,401,4,8,3>I had to try Valhalla specifically do to Pourina's review.  I am also a huge fan of burgers with a gooey egg on top.  The Norske burger is easily the best hamburger I've had in a long, long, time!  The pork/beef mixture and the egg with bacon and Norske sauce make for a great experience of flavor regardless of the time of day.I didn't play around with my beer selection much.  Just a few Guinness.  I'm not sure if I found it funny or pretty cool that my Guinness head had a barista style clover swirled into it...hell...I'll give it two thumbs up.Lastly, the service was great and the decor...ah...who really cares...it was comfortable.  This is exactly what I'd expect from a neighborhood bar.  If I lived closer to Valhalla, I'd hang out here.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,10/16/2012,6,76,4,9,6>I've driven past this place numerous times and had no idea there was a Somalian restaurant in the back, off the street.  Thanks to the Levine Museum of the New South and plancharlotte.org for putting on a "Munching Tour" along Central Avenue and exposing about 20 people to new food.For $10, we received a plate called "chicken suqar".  The chicken came with bread that was like crepes.  You tear off a piece and then pick up some marinated chicken and some greens with the bread and pop it in your mouth.  Really really good.It was also served with a banana.  Well, I did some research and apparently this is very often served as a side dish with meal.  Knock knock.  Who's there?  Banana.  Banana who?I also didn't know the extent of Italian influence on Somalia and Somalian food.  I knew Italy had fought Ethiopia and lost (Italian military might has not quite been the same since the Roman empire days).  But I was completely ignorant about the Italy-Somalia history.The woman who runs the restaurant told us that she came to the US about 15 years ago and couldn't speak English.  She always loved to cook and when you have her food, you'll realize that's a good thing for the rest of us.There's also a little shop next to the restaurant and they sell all sorts of things like beautiful Somalian clothing, jars of dates, and toothbrushes made out of bark.  Seriously.What a great find - check it out.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,10/15/2012,126,906,8,11,8>OK, I may just have hit the ultimate form of lazy, but I had to check out this new drive-thru grocery store.  The experience was a bit strange, but you just drive up, one of the staffers greets you and you list off what you need.  They gather it up, give you the total, you pay.. and you are on your way without having to step out of the car!They just opened in March, but I swear the building popped up out of nowhere.  I was very used to seeing the expansive parking lot for Movies @ Crownpoint so empty, but now it's nice to see a nice, barn-like structure with bright lights in the middle of it.  Since it just opened, there wasn't a line, so I was able to drive right up and get my groceries.Now, this is just a grocery drive-thru geared toward the "main" grocery items, eggs, milk, bread, etc... Nothing too complicated or fussy.  I did notice they do have some prepared meals/hot food to order when I came through.  I will have to try some the next time I pass through.  They do carry a lot of Swiss Farm products (all natural, no preservative items).. I picked up a half gallon of their Iced Tea Cooler... pretty good stuff.  It's not sweet tea... reminds me of a Neatea type flavor and not too too sweet.  Next time I will try some of their brand ice cream.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,10/14/2012,42,110,8,6,4>Jah bombaclats mi bringing you most autentic review pon a austins carribean cuisine now. Dis aftanoon miya had a rumblin pon mi stomach and mi wanna yam da food. That said i found myself near austins and decided i would try it once and for all. My first recommendation to you is to stay away from the jerk chicken. While im sure its fine, their method is inauthentic, they just bake chicken and throw a jerk sauce on it, you can do this at home. A proper jerk chicken is actually "jerked" whereby its marinated and slow cooked, smoked and or bbqd. I opted for the oxtail instead, and boy was i impressed. To the largely whitey  audience on yelp, you need not be afraid by oxtail or its cousin curry goat, they are both delicious cuts of meat and mostly are raised locally (my friend in town farms goats). Oxtail was succulent, saucy, not too spicy, and braised just right. Beans and rice was perfect and even the collard greens were good. Extra point for having Ting, which is Jamaicas sprite. Definitely will return. They are even pretty friendly, which is unique for carribean spots.hear mi now, bob is ya uncle
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,10/13/2012,140,70,3,7,8>It blows my mind that it has taken me this long to write a review of The Common Market.  I have been frequenting this place for what feels like decades.  Truly the only place of its kind in Charlotte.  The Common Market is your eclectic home-away-from-home type of place.  I can't really decide if it falls into the category of coffee shop, delicatessen, acid trip, museum or bakery.  Maybe all of the above.  It is the perfect spot to grab a cup of joe with friends, split a bottle of wine after work, or stop for a quick business meeting with a lively environment.  The Awkward & the Awesome:* Best coffee in Charlotte, hands down.  They have recently started creating their own!* The décor.  Something out of Andy Warhol and the Drinking out of Cups youtube video.  Prepare to be amazed!* The employees.  These people are some of the best I have met in Charlotte.  Shout out to Sarah & Chuck (the owner).* I strongly believe the Common Market could have its own reality tv show. * A killer deli for breakfast/lunch/dinner + Vegan & Vegetarian options!  Chika chika yea!* The gag gifts.  Greeting Cards, Bacon flavored toothpaste, raunchy magnets, cupcake dental floss, Jesus mugs and much, much more...* Grape leaves.  Just do it.* Beer, wine, tea, coffee, and every soda flavor ever made.* The outside patio!  Dogs & smokers welcome.* After hours events on the weekends (wine nights, poetry readings, etc)* And so much more...If you haven't visited The Common Market yet, I recommend getting over there as soon as humanly possible.  This place far surpasses anywhere else in the greater Charlotte area.  I would give it 10 stars if possible.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,10/12/2012,102,232,4,16,10>So Roppongi has been a huge surprise to me! I was watching it under construction for some time because the name, being the name of a trendy neighborhood in Tokyo, really caught my eye. (They even stay true to the kanji characters on the sign!) I honestly wasn't expecting a whole lot - you know, the typical Chinese-run fusion sushi joint. I was sorely mistaken!You walk into a very classy layout here. They have the color scheme and materials theme down pat. The restaurant is huge with seating for plenty, including a couple of nice Asian-style party rooms with pictures of Tokyo on the wall. They remind me of karaoke places in Japan. The huge bar combines both a standard bar and a sushi bar and faces off with three TVs.On to the food, I was totally blown away! They had some excellent sushi combinations. The Fantastic Roll speaks for itself with deep fried lobster and mango topped with filet mignon slices and a tonkatsu dipping sauce. And if you couldn't already tell I like lobster, the Lobster Explosion Roll and Roppongi Roll go without saying. Think of it like replacing the shrimp tempura in most rolls with some sweet fried deliciousness.On a side note, servers and chefs here are great and very service oriented. They stick to the classy theme and provide informative service despite the fact the restaurant just opened. I highly recommend going here! I've been back three times already!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/11/2012,20,44,,3,2>OK... so after hearing some better things about this place, I decided to give it another serious shot.  I went with a coworker during our lunch break, and was sincerely impressed by the overall experience.  It wasn't just that the food seemed better (pulled pork actually had flavor this time, and wasn't dry!).  The service was better than in the past also, with our wait time for the food to come out being less than 5 minutes.  Good job Elwoods, keep it up!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,10/10/2012,87,175,5,3,3>I have lived about two blocks away from this place for over a year now and for some reason we haven't found the time to stop by King's for dinner.  Well, we finally did and I am so glad that we did!!  We started out with the fried oysters as our app and they were... Kick A$$!!! (see pic).  They were huge with the perfect amount of crispiness and textured seafood gooey'ness on the inside.  They were accompanied by delicious cocktail sauce and a second balsamic vinegar dressing thing.. Never had that type of dipping sauce for oysters before but it sure worked!I then moved on to the Fried Catfish and WOW!  It was excellent.  The perfect amount of herbs and spices in the batter mix complimented the an ideal flaky delicious fish.  I was blown away with the taste.  Not to mention, they gave us three side options for the entree.  I went with the collard greens, fried mac n' cheese, and the mashed potatoes.  I would highly suggest you do the same.  You cant go wrong with some collard greens.  My only issue would have to be the fact that they NAILED this dinner perfectly.  Now, I am going to go back and have to order the same thing and not try anything new.  I know, crazy frustrating, right?  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/9/2012,81,304,3,5,3>Just very tasty Korean dishes here. Bibimbop, jap chae, savory short ribs, and plenty of refillable free app plates (I can never remember what the properKorean word for them is). It's not as cheap as I'd love, and the restaurant... well its in a grocery store so ambience isn't the order of the day but the food is quite tasty.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,10/8/2012,60,133,5,8,4>WOW WOW WOW!!!  This little hole in the wall is amazing!!  My best friends when I was a child were Orthodox Greek straight from the islands and one of my best friends now is Greek and she and her Mother make AWESOME Greek food.   With all of that being said, I'm a major Greek food snob and I have unreasonably high standards, as a result.  I have been to dozens of Greek restaurants over the years and a handful from Charlotte, NC to Columbia, SC and, hands-down...Greco is far superior to any other that I have been to.  The freshness of the ingredients, the flavors and seasonings, and the quality of the meat is just like my Greek friends have made me accustomed to.I visited Greco for a late lunch.  Even at 2:00 on a weekday, there were several people in their enjoying their meals and more coming in as I was waiting.  The decor is unpretentious and captures the essence of Greece beautifully.  It has a bit of a Greek Diner feel, which I LOVE!  The service was fast and friendly and I enjoyed watching the chef  (owner, maybe??) prepare my food..."FRESH' is the key word in the title here.  I watched intently and everything was homemade (Tzatziki, Greek dressing, Lamb patties, etc).I ordered the Lamb Gyro combo with Lemon and Oregano Fries and a Peasant Salad.  The lamb patties for the Gyro are made onsite with fresh lamb and the most perfect Greek Lamb seasoning blend.  It's cooked on the grill-top to order (not made from greasy pre-fab mounds kept warm on a a spit).  This is real deal!!  The meat was moist, tender, and delicious!  It was served with housemade Tzatziki and tomato on a warm pita (I asked them to hold the onions).  The Tzatziki is made with yogurt, fresh shredded cucumbers, fresh herbs, and TONS of garlic....it's a flavor sensation!   The fries...OMG, the fries!!!  The most incredible seasoned fries I have ever tasted.  Tastes like traditional Greek Potatoes, but in french fry form (brilliant marketing move, BTW...everyone loves french fries!!).  French fries are fresh cut with skins, fried crispy on the outside and fluffy in the middle and then they are tossed in a bowl with salt, lemon juice, and oregano.  I will have dreams about these fries!  LOL   Last, but not least, is the Peasant Salad.  The Peasant Salad is everything that you love about a traditional Greek salad, minus the lettuce.  Giant wedges of plump red tomatoes, thinly sliced red onion, sliced seedless cucumbers (with the skin on), Kalamata Olives, and big cubes of deliciously salty and tangy feta cheese.  Again, all of the ingredients are put into a bowl and hand-tossed with Greek dressing and an extra dash of seasoning.  Salad is served with warm pita wedges.   It was a fantastic salad and the serving was huge!  Salads can also be topped with their house-marinated Chicken or Shrimp or their yummy Lamb.  They also have a Vegetarian Pita made with Red Peppers, Eggplant, and Zucchini and a kids menu.  They also offer Whole Wheat Pitas for a mere .25 charge.Prices are excellent as well.  I paid $15.00 (Gyro combo with Fries and a Drink and a full-sized Peasant Salad) and I made two meals out of it!  BTW, the Fries reheat perfectly in the oven!  If you are looking for heavy Greek dishes such as Pasticio, Baked Fish, or Leg of Lamb, this isn't the place.  If you are looking for delicious Greek quick dishes, this is a must-try!I can't wait to go back with my husband....he is going to love it!!!   I must try the Spanikopita next time!I have a new favorite lunch place!!Update Oct 8, 2012: I have been back 3-4 times since my original review and the 5-star rating still stands!  The service is always excellent and the ingredients are always very fresh.  My Husband, Son, and Mother have also eaten here with me and they love it, too.  I truly can't say enough about the house-made Gyro meat...it is moist and perfectly seasoned every time!   We have also tried the Spanikopita and it is very good, too!  This is "the" place for Gyros!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,10/7/2012,4,113,6,9,6>A much needed and fantastic addition to the Blakeney area!  Just picked up some fresh-out-of-the-oven-still-warm bagels on this fine sunday morning.  I've been 3 times so far...and 3 times I've had a great experience.  Once I was being rung up and changed my mind....wanted to add a lemonade to the order.  The nice guy behind the counter handed me, a 7 month very preggo lady, a lemonade on a 100 degree day and said "it's on us!"  Very kind.  The menu is varied and fresh.  I am usually a bagel with cream cheese + tomato kind of gal, but I look forward to trying some wraps.  My husband loved his brekkie sando this AM as well.  Welcome to the hood, New York Bagel Shoppe!  Glad you're here!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,10/6/2012,55,94,3,8,5>Stumbled upon this great little gem on my way to Hooligan's over the weekend and am I glad I did. Like Todd said, the last thing we needed in town was another cartoonish Irish-themed hellhole. So, when we finally reached the top of the steps, not knowing what the hell we were gonna find, we were very pleasantly surprise to find this little piece of Ireland dead smack in soulless Charlotte downtown area.Nice beer selection but I didn't try the food. Next time for sure. The atmosphere was great and the service incredible.I will definitely be coming back regularly.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,10/5/2012,11,40,3,9,5>Woo Hoo! A sit down all vegan dinner place in the Queen City!! Charlie and Roy couldn't be nicer owners, both came over to chat and check in on our meal. I'm rooting for these guys and hope Bean becomes a Charlotte landmark in the near future. The Jack Fruit Tacos -um, yum. So so so tasty. Mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy, just like I make at home. I'm not a huge fan of the mac n cheeze but us vegans are kinda snobby about one's preferred mac. The service was excellent, adequate seating and no problemo to get to even on busy Independence. Bean just opened so menu is a bit limited, currently no liquor license and I'm sure there's a few kinks to work out (we didn't experience any) but for the first full week - things are looking great. I can't wait to update this once the full menu is up and running.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/4/2012,89,238,2,5,4>As soon as I pulled into the parking lot I knew my dinner was going to be delicious. Wonderful smells wafted out- tomato, garlic, Italian spices...mmmmm.I have driven past this place for years been too intimated to go inside. This was a mistake. I tried the garlic and parsley hand cut pasta (the recommend garlic and rosemary was out) paired with the ammmaazzzing Pomodoro sauce- HIGHLY RECOMMEND. It has just the right amount of zing.The next time I have to bring a side or dish for a party I can't wait to grab their prepared mac and cheese and other tasty treats. If you are willing to pay a bit more for local and fresh then this is the place to score your next dinner. You will be rewarded. PS- Parking can be tricky don't even try for the spaces in the front head straight for the parking lot in the back.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,10/3/2012,39,77,5,3,3>Futbol and beer: two of my favorite things, both of which come in great supply at the Courtyard Hooligans. Bring your team's favorite kit - scarves always welcome - and a thirst for imported and local beer, and enjoy a match, any match, whether it's EPL or Champions League or MLS. Do it.I pretty much lived here during the 2010 World Cup. Remember that match when the US "beat" England, 1-1? Yeah, imagine at least 500 people crammed into an air conditioned-less dive, a place so small the CFD would have had a shit fit over the max capacity violation...yeah, it's that kind of spot.CH is also the hangout for the QC Outlaws, the local chapter of the American Outlaws, the REAL supporters' army of the USMNT. Any joker that tells you Sam's Army is where it's at is probably just a clueless soccer mom that can tell you the only thing she knows about soccer is David Beckham, but couldn't possibly tell you what teams he played for. When the QC Outlaws convened here for the USA matches during the WC 2010, they chanted as if they were in the stands at Johannesburg, but they saved their best and most foul-mouthed chants not for England or Algeria, but for Mexico, whom they weren't even playing. See, we USA supports HATE, HATE, HATE the Mexican national team. Look, we love Mexico (I'd live there, no joke: Baja California? Oh hell yeah), we love their people, we love their food, their cerveza (Victoria!) and we love their culture, but the Mexican MNT, and their piss-and-shit-tossing fans (no, seriously: stories of Mexican fans pelting American Outlaws at the Azteca with ziploc bags of piss are legend) can all go fucking die in a plane crash, and the ones who survive should be forced to eat one another. Except for Chicharito. He better make sure he missed that flight. That pint-sized, baby-faced assassin is the shizz, and if he were to die, that would totally fuck things up for my beloved Manchester United. I mean, look, I love Wayne Rooney, but with his Hulk-sizedanger management issues and his rickety legs, how much can we really lean on the dude? That's why we need Chicharito.But I digress.You'll always catch a match here, anytime. For me, the perfect place to enjoy a beer and talk shit to Chelsea fans.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,10/2/2012,117,303,2,7,5>Yet another brewery sets up shop in NoDa, right next to NoDa Brewing Company, and Noda now has its second good brewery.  Located behind CenterStage, the tap room is small but the brewing space is large, and the outdoor patio is large enough for live bands.  I attended the release for their Saison summer seasonal, and the beer was good.  I also had their brown ale which was good.  I have had their other beers including their pale ale.  To celebrate the release of the Saison, they had a bluegrass band playing and a country and/or western band playing, plus a food truck.  It was a great atmosphere, and with NoDa Brewing right next door, and Heist soon to open, I will definitely be back.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,10/1/2012,32,70,4,8,4>Went to Ciro's for the first time with a group of former coworkers for our quarterly get-together and was quite impressed...and I'm already ready to go back!I ordered the Gnocchi w/shrimp in a pink sauce.  YUM.  The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked.  Admittedly it seemed as though they were a teensy bit stingy w/the shrimp at first glance, but it turned out to be just enough.  By the time you finish those & the doughy gnocchi you're full!  Also threw in a Caesar side salad & I must say they did a good job.  Dressing wasn't too bland or overpowering.Ordered Chicken Fettuccini Alfredo to take back to the other half, and even reheated it was delicious.  Quite flavorful actually. I will say that they're a little pricey, but it was worth it since it was a ''special'' gathering.  For the gnocchi, fettuccini and one Tirimisu for me (and a soft drink), my total was just over $50 including tip.  Not cheap for sure, but I'll give'em a pass since it was so tasty.Atmosphre was laid back and casual, but not a Red Robin type casual.  It IS a somewhat nicer Italian restaurant after all.  During dinner an older gentleman (we're thinking he may have been the owner?) began walking around playing his accordion.  While the accordion may seem corny, it was actually quite festive & jovial--made me wanna wave my napkin around & dance a bit!If you're in the University Village & would like to partake in a slightly upscale (I said slightly) Italian meal, then head over to Ciro's.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,9/30/2012,40,52,1,4,3>FABO (Fabulous Art Buying Opportunity) is a spot like no other in Charlotte. Located on Selwyn Avenue, this shop works with local artists to sell their artwork, handmade pottery, jewelry and more. In addition, FABO sells coffee, tea, wine, bite size snacks and more. FABO is not only a coffee shop (for lack of a better word) but also a gallery of sorts showcasing the work of local artists, all of which are are for sale. While sipping your cafe mocha or picking at your snickerdoodle cookie, you are immersed in the creativity that fills the room.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,9/29/2012,217,84,2,3,4>i cannot honestly believe that it took me this long to review the Muse.  it is the quintessential small Charlotte venue located in NoDa.  with the majority of the staff being musicians themselves, they know what it takes to get the sound just right for the acts and the venue.this can be quite a task, because they host all sorts of music and crowds.  it is definitely a destination for the up and coming singer/songwriter set that meanders through charlotte on their leg of whatever "tour" brought their van here.most every area band of note has played here, whether it be a ruckus friday or saturday night gig or a stripped down set like Creative Loafing's Jeff Hahne throws down every third wednesday.seating also varies depending on the act.  i have been there for standing room only for the truckstop preachers and fully seated for max capacity when will hoge started his comeback after being hit by a truck.  they have a decent selection of craft and macro brews that are always cold and the johnny bootlegger is there if you are adventurous.  vittles is limited to rice krispies treats, but you would be surprised how often that hits the spot.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,9/28/2012,62,114,1,9,5>I've been coming to Bombay Grille for more than 6 years now.  It never fails to surprise me every time that I pull into the place that it somehow keeps the lights on and stays in business.  Now let me be clear, I'm surprised it stays in business because every time I go there for lunch, it's dead.  Shocking really at any buffet, but especially at a buffet where the food is as good as it is here.  It's really really good.  The naan is fresh, the Chicken Kormi and chicken curry are delicious.  Any time they serve lamb, consider yourself lucky - it's amazing.  To top it off, they often have rice pudding available to finish off the destruction of your blood sugar.  It's great!  The only problem is that it usually has to sit on top of two plates of delicious food and soup which means your stomach is about to overflow.  The service is also respectable, and it seems as though the same 4 or 5 guys are always working, so if you're a regular, they'll recognize you.  The only reason it's not a 5 star place is the decor and cleanliness.  I'm not saying its dirty, but it's not sparkling, and the dimly lit dining room doesn't bestow confidence in germaphobes.  I would however recommend this place to any foodie type who knows that sometimes you have to look past some of the details to find the gems.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,9/27/2012,19,70,4,6,4>Finally! After almost 4 years in Charlotte a salon that fits me.The space is beautiful and minimal without being sparse or sterile.And something about real exposed brick makes me comfortable.All around good vibe. You can take the light rail if that works for you, or there is plenty of parking which is a huge plus. Additional parking is in the back, so don't panic when you first see the meager 3 spots in the front.Jane is my stylist She listens, makes suggestions if you want her to, and just generally does a great job - both cut and color. Also, she's super cool.Disclosure: I had seen Jane before at her previous salon, and loved her there, but loathed the vibe of the salon.I'm not dedicated to any particular brand of product, but they use Bumble & Bumble styling products which I happen to like and use on occasion.My new salon. The end.p.s. HOT TOWEL HEAD WRAP.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,9/26/2012,5,58,1,4,2>I used to work in this part of town and I miss eating here regularly. Whenever the old Shamrock crowd gets together, we meet here because:1. Best pizza in town, regular cheese or white pizza, lots of toppings too;2. Great pasta dishes - capellini primavera, linguini with clam sauce, lasagna;3. warm, fresh bread with butter or evoo;4. Nice salads and a delicious house dressing;5. easily seats large groups;6. friendly, attentive service;7. large extensive menu (and I always say that I am going to try something new but I always order my usual 'cause it's been too long since I have had it!)Someday I am going to order the cheesesteak because I've read so much about it.I love this restaurant!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,9/25/2012,67,108,2,2,2>QUESO!Oh yes, the queso. Loco gets extra points for having it as an option as your burrito, chimichanga, enchilada, etc. topping. Other inferior, but still yummy topping sauces include: green tomatillo and citrus chili red sauce.Next to the queso, what truly sets Loco Lime above the rest for a vegetarian is their selection of options. Instead of rice and beans, their veggie options are filled with sweet plantains, black beans, rice, mixed Mexican cheese, roasted corn relish, Portobello mushrooms, and grilled zucchini. So refreshing to have something different. Those plantains, ahhhh so good.Also really love the citrus cilantro slaw that is usually served as a side (along with pico de gallo, guacamole, and sour cream). It's light and crunchy and a nice change from shredded iceberg lettuce.I almost always get the veggie-changa with queso! I highly recommend it!Nice selection of tequilas and margaritas here, Mondays are half off margaritas. I like the house margarita and the beer-rita. jalapeno margarita is pretty interesting too, but not exactly my cup of tea.Service here is usually very good, but I've definitely had a couple occasions when my waiter was kinda awful.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,9/24/2012,175,207,23,6,3>THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR BRUNCH. IF IT IS SUNDAY BEFORE 230PM AND YOU ARE READING THIS - STOP. GO TO THE WALHORN. THEN RETURN TO SAID YELP REVIEW AND THANK ME. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. THIS IS VERY REAL.Sometimes there are things in life that you just can't express in words full how much such and such means to you. Or how much you hate it. Or love it. This is ALMOST one of those cases, but for you fine people I will spit some lyrical truth about this epic brunch.Best roast beef in the landSliced by hand,On your Command,Delish.Breakfast foods ye seek,Might as well get 2 plates,French toast and hashbrowns peak,Under all that bacon.Sausages are varied,Mustard with them - heaven.Sauerbraten, sauerkraut, spaitzelOh look, schnitzel - I'll have 7I love you Waldhorn Brunch.I want to spend my life with you.This isn't a poem.BRB going for another trip (and don't skip dessert!)
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/23/2012,63,221,4,5,5>Hello Friends!!Well I'll Be......Everytime my son had a game I thought I was "checking in" to this wonderful park. (makes me wonder where was i checking into). Welp, needless to say, This wasn't it. This park is pretty big. Very nice lay out for parking etc. Below are its features. Its not too far from The Mint Museum. Features: 20 acres 6 baseball fields Batting cage Soccer field Concession stands Go and enjoy!!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,9/22/2012,38,51,1,4,3>I've been a regular visitor of Soho practically since they opened, which is probably close to 10 years ago at this point.In all of my travels around the world, Soho's chinese food is just about at the top of the charts.  They use fresh ingredients, have a fantastic staff, and will alter any dish to your likings.  They have an extensive vegetarian menu, and also will make the standard meat dishes vegetarian.Ownership and staff is top-notch. It's not your run of the mill chinese place with generic sauces and formerly-frozen veggies.  Everything is fresh and wonderful.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,9/21/2012,39,118,3,3,3>I have been on quite the Indian binge lately, making it myself at home, trying everything pre packaged from Trader Joes and then a Groupon came out for Nirvana II. I only bought two meals worth knowing I should have purchased more and I really should have. I never go Uptown so my first trip to Nirvana was anything but "Nirvana". I wasted most my lunch break roaming around uptown, now on foot looking for the restaurant. It is neatly tucked away in some building on MLK blvd, not really S Tryon, which is probably what caused all my confusion. But alas I made it! For my first trip I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala with a side of curried potatoes and eggplant. The Chicken was awesome, the tikka masala was very mild which was nice since the potatoes and egg plant was quite spicy. I went again today ordering the Chicken Tikka Masala again, the chili chicken or pepper chicken looked great but my stomach has been sensitive to spicy lately, hope that passes.The sides were Aloo Bhindi (potato/okra), Navratan Korma and I got a mango lassi. This all came out to ten dollars, I swear it was pushing five pounds of food. I should have weighed it once I got back to the office. The chicken once again was great, korma was mildly spiced and the pineapple really made it stand out. But the aloo bhindi is what I was excited about the most. I had no idea Okra was a big deal out of the south east, probably because my mid western GF had never heard of it. It was very good, almost tasted like the same spices from the eggplant/potato curry but not as spicy.For someone who has recently discovered a love for Indian food and by recently I mean six months, I enjoyed Nirvana II. Sure it's the first Indian restaurant I have ever dined at (Woodlands I am looking at you next) but I think eight dollars, ten with the Mango Lassi for more food than I can eat in one sitting is a great deal. I will definitely return with or without a Groupon.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,9/20/2012,25,55,2,3,2>I've been to Encore a few times and always enjoy the atmosphere, drinks and food. It's a nice place to meet friends for a drink after work as it has a spacious bar area that offers their full menu.  They are able to offer big screen TVs for sports fans without giving the restaurant a sports bar/pub-type feel--not always easy to accomplish.  So guys, you can take your dates out to an upscale restaurant and still check in on your team--nice!  There is awesome outdoor seating on their patio with a view of the Blakeney playground (enjoy a glass of wine and still keep an eye on the little ones while they wear themselves out on the monkey bars--sweet!).  The patio also gives you a front row seat to the live music which is offered every Friday and Saturday during the warmer months.Lucky for me at a Yelp event I was able to test out Encore's brunch menu--yummm!  The bloody mary bar is incredibly fun with lots of options (pickles, olives, horseradish, banana peppers, jalapenos, several hot sauces, etc).  You'll feel like an artist when you've perfected your drink!  For food we had the breakfast burritos and crab cake benedict which was excellent!  A mimosa to top things off and it was a perfect brunch in my book!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,9/19/2012,42,144,,3,2>Took my research group here today for an end of semester lunch.  The food was super delicious and insanely cheap.  We tried a variety of things.  An appetizer plate with hummus, labeneh, and stuffed grape leaves was really good, as was the tabbouleh salad that came along with.  The sandwiches were nicely spiced and tasty, and the excellent garlic sauce is strong enough that I was worried people might be able to smell me from across the room for the rest of the day.  Chicken and lamb shawarma and falafel all got good reviews.  I will definitely come here again and you should too.  The ambiance is still a little "barely moved in" but the food is totally worth the trip.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,9/18/2012,192,99,2,2,2>First review of Vestique?! I'm honored! I finally stopped in yesterday after walking by the beautiful store front window a couple times before. I had actually met one of the ladies  beforehand who work in the store that had ventured here from Raleigh and she was great. She encouraged me to stop by the store to check out the clothes and told me that their price point was very affordable. (About $40 per dress.)And she was right! After sorting through 5 or 6 LARGE racks of dresses and tops, I purchased one long maxi, 2 shorter dress and a fun tank top. Total price? $160 after a 10% discount that was applied during Sidewalk Sale Saturday. I cannot wait to wear all my new duds! Their dresses are so bright, airy and precious for looking fabulous on a budget during the warmer months. You can also order items online if you don't feel like stopping by the store.The staff was friendly and the store was very clean. Vestique also had very cute jewelry (especially necklaces), purses and shoes. The only complaint that I would have would be that there are only two dressing rooms and there seems to be a little bit of a wait to try on clothing throughout the day. Other than that, I will definitely be back when I'm looking for a great summer dress to rock for a night on the town!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/17/2012,125,274,3,2,2>Me likey!!  Let's be honest...I think the real reason I liked this place is because it felt like I was walking into my grandma's kitchen.  She is old school italian and has some of the same creepy black and white photos of random Italian families hanging on her walls...And her house has the aroma of garlic 24-7.  :)No, seriously...I was impressed with Zio.  I don't eat Italian out very often because I prefer homemade sauce and pasta.  I am an Italian food snob because I come from an italian family...sorry, just being honest.  But, Zio was pretty decent.  I liked the atmosphere...as I described earlier..I expected grandma to walk out of the kitchen at any moment.  It is a low key, casual environment...which is great.I went with the basic angel hair and meat sauce with meatballs dish.  It was very good.  The sauce was a little tangy and maybe slightly too salty for my taste but it was good and homemade so I can't complain.  The meatball was very good as well.  It was also homemade and had a lot of flavor.  My dining partners tried the Penne Vodka and the Salmon Piccata and they were very impressed.  The vodka sauce was a little runny but it still had great flavor and a ton of fresh cut garlic so that was awesome. The bread they serve with your meal was very good but I will say the herb infused olive oil was a bit bland.  We had to add salt and pepper so it didn't just taste like vegetable oil.  I am questioning if they ran out of olive oil and just served us something else.  Not sure...I hear the pizza is the way to go with Zio and I will definitely be back so that will be the next thing I try.  But, overall, I think it is a good, down-home, authenticish Italian restaurant here in Charlotte.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/16/2012,6,29,3,6,8>Just follow the smell of butter.And don't let the name lead you to believe this is a dessert-only joint. Savory crepes play a starring role, too, which is what led a friend and me here for lunch. The small, clean, white/natural space is set up for counter service, with a couple four-tops inside and several smaller two-tops just outside the creperie. An assortment of bottled and canned non-alcoholic drinks are on display next to the counter. Eat-in or to-go, you'll take a number and enjoy a relatively short wait (~five minutes) before the goodness arrives.I had the Southwest veggie, which was like a rice-less burrito in terms of fillings. Black beans, tomato, fresh avocado (not the processed mush, thank you kindly), cheddar and the right amount of sour cream. Fluffy with just a little crisp around the edges, my crepe was a tasty and filling bite. There are more than a half-dozen carnivore-friendly selections, as well as the option to add meat to a veggie crepe. Breakfast is on the menu, whether you crave a signature or custom crepe, and should you desire an afternoon sugar coma you've come to the right place. They had me at Nutella...I'll be back to indulge in a dessert crepe and hope business one day allows Saturday morning hours--weekends are for breaking the weekday cereal routine, and some days my motivation goes only far as Bisquick.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,9/15/2012,75,581,1,7,3>Awesome meal!  Most of the meals that I read about are locally sourced - GREAT JOB!We are outside and the day was perfect - great people watching.The Pimento Cheese sandwich was a great appetizer, split of course.The meatloaf sandwich was divine and the Guilford County Catfish sandwich blew my mind - KABOOM!RUN HERE AND EAT - NOW!  The service was great and the owner came around to say hello several times.Not inexpensive, but well worth it to support local businesses and growing operations.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,9/14/2012,32,45,3,4,3>I'm updating this review and rating for a couple of reasons.  1) I've eaten/drank my worries away here a dozen times or so and I've never had a bad experience.2)The food is always cooked exactly as I expect whether it's 2pm for lunch or 9.30pm for a late (Late for the US) dinner.3)Beer knowledge.  When my wife couldn't see the tap handles from our booth she asked our server to just pick one for her, he proceeded to ask what type of beer she was in the mood for and then made an excellent selection.4)Atmosphere.  This place has been consistently busy, with tvs every where (good when important sporting events are going on, otherwise generally distracting), and is always clean.How good is it?  My cravings for "Mexican" food pop up about 4x's a day and I've never been to the restaurant attached to Kickstand because if I'm driving over there, I'm grabbin a morning ride.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,9/13/2012,66,86,3,4,6>Stumbled upon this gem while a friend and I were walking around downtown trying to figure out what to have for dinner. This was the best decision we made that evening.Smallish space, but the food is Amazing! Did you notice the capital A? Just checking. Portion sizes are perfect for my friend and I to share. We had 2 apps and two rolls... the cherry blossom and.... something else delicious. But the fried tofu was the smash hit of the evening. If we ever figure out how to do that at home, we're using it to take over the world.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,9/12/2012,876,4126,5,15,5>It's been at least thirty years since I last went to a drive in, so when my friends suggested catching a movie here I thought they were a little crazy. But sure, I like a new experience and thought it might be worth a giggle. We caught the new Men In Black 3 movie.I have to admit - this was an AWESOME idea. It turned out to be a whole lot of fun! The movie was easy to see and it was neat to be able to talk to folks during the movie without disturbing other patrons. Plus if you're a smoker, it's cool. And you can bring your dog! (What if your dog is a smoker? I'm not sure.)A couple of tips...- Check weather.com to see when the sun sets. The movie starts just after that.- Arrive early. You will want to make sure you get a good spot.- Bring lawn chairs! This can be more comfortable than sitting in the car.- My Android phone has an FM radio receiver. The soundtrack is broadcast over a low power FM transmitter so I was able to use my headphones and not have to hear any of the other noises. Why don't "normal" movie theaters do this??- The line for the concession stand gets long just before the movie starts. So if you're getting stuff, get it as soon as you arrive.While it's super easy to smuggle in your own food and drink, it's not a nice thing to do. They have a concession stand here with the usual stuff - candy, popcorn, nachos, hot dogs, cotton candy - and the prices are surprisingly reasonable. The concession stand is what keeps the place open. If you're going to smuggle anything, bring your flask to make your "Coke" into something more adult. But buy the soda here!Current price is $5 per person. They don't seem to be offering a "per car" price any more.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/11/2012,103,276,2,6,5>loving Salud.A week in and Jason seems to be doing alright - fully stocked shelves of great choices, a cooler of everything from 12 oz bottles (and cans) to growlers, taps with amazing NC brews, and a nice space to enjoy a few in. The "patio" is a little on the small side (maybe 6 chairs and two tables) but it's cozy, and we were able to hear the live music coming from Wine Up.With all those options (including some gluten-free), a soon to be growing snack selection (right now it's mostly chips and beef jerky), comfy seating inside, and a very knowledgeable owner - I know I'll be back. Although some of his stock you can get elsewhere in town, it was nice to see some beers and ciders I haven't been able to find in Charlotte.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,9/10/2012,75,227,2,12,4>Who knew that Gastonia, that ugly stretch on I-85, is actually a really cool city with a great downtown waiting to be discovered.  We were lucky to happen upon Sharkey's Place while enjoying the 4th of July celebration in downtown Gastonia on our way back from hiking at Crowders Mtn State Park.The restaurant is pretty large and occupies two storefronts right  next to a really cool park.  They also appear to have a small deck out back.  The left side is where they have the bar for preparing drinks for sit down customers, and on the right side they have a nice darker area with a cool bar.  Beach/Shark/Floridian paraphernalia abounds in keeping with the theme.Their menu is primarily seafood oriented, but I also saw quite a bit of turf in addition to the surf.  I got a crabcake sandwich that was really good and made better with a good bun and a couple $2 16oz Tecates.  I guess their big thing is $3 Landshark beers, but I had already gotten a couple Tecates before realizing that.  I was glad that I was able to get some slices of watermelon instead of fries.My GF got the fish and chips (french fries if you didn't know).  The fries were really good and the sea salt and cracked pepper on the table made it even better.  Unfortunately, she really didn't like her fish because it had a pretty fishy taste.  She is Chinese and loves fish so if she didn't like it, it must be a little off.  She said it didn't taste that fresh and it did have some of the brown spots on the fish instead of being all white.Our waitress was also extremely nice and friendly and should serve as the archetype for customer service.  (Not sure why servers are gloomy these days, when a good personality would make customers happy and get more tips!)My 4/5 star review is an average considering the service, location, atmosphere, drink prices, decor, and my food were 5/5.  My GF's fish was 1/5, but  she really enjoyed eating my crabcake sandwich.  Two people came to about $30 total.One last note, they also have a cute little play area in the front for young kids that are waiting to be seated.  I've never seen that before and thought it was a good idea.  They also have daily drink specials.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,9/9/2012,10,112,3,8,4>I went to see John Reep and he was worth the money spent.  It is located in the basement of the Saloon at the NC Music Factory.  It was awkward getting there because you had to enter inside the Saloon and I was looking for a specific entrance.  Once inside the Saloon we had to ask how to get to the Comedy Zone.  It wasn't a very obvious entry.  We reached the rear of the Saloon and everyone was crowding the stairway entry to get in.  It was very hot going down there and I was worried it would be uncomfortable but the air was better inside the club.  There is a food and drink menu available.  There are servers for each table that come by and check on you and keep your drinks flowing during the comedy shows so you don't have to get up if you don't want.  If you haven't been it's worth a try.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,9/8/2012,42,129,3,5,3>If my first graders could plan a perfect day, it would involve breakfast at Amelie's followed by a trip to the Mint Museum Uptown, lunch, and then some crazy fun at Discovery Place. My kids know how to have a great day!I cannot tell you how many friends are shocked to hear that the Mint Museum is a great place for little people! Please, please, please... bring your children to this museum. My kids cannot get enough of the kids room  located just past the check-in desk. They honestly could spend all day there - creating their own art, building structures with magna-tiles, recreating artwork with puzzle pieces - and so much more. I usually negotiate a set amount of time that we will hang out in the kids room and then we plan to hit 2 other galleries upstairs. The Mint Museum has a countless array of "Artventures" for the kids to choose from - such a great concept! Each "artventure" gives kids a task and a specific gallery or floor on which to solve the mission. Can they find all these dogs in the paintings? What can you find that begins with the letter B? Can you find these patterns? Even I enjoy these "artventures."  Join the Mint and stop by as often as possible. And, of course, bring the kids!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/7/2012,23,84,3,9,6>Having lived in Charlotte over 10 years, I can't believe I hadn't heard of this place till 2012!Authentic, hole in the wall type Mexican restaurant that gets very, very busy every day. Excellent and very friendly waiting staff. Seeing that we're Indians and that we probably like hot food, the owner brought out a green colored salsa (Guac based) in addition to the 2 red salsas given out with the chips. We LOVE the green salsa - really spicy and flavorful... haven't you sometimes felt like eating on even when your mouth is burning hot? Its like that!Over the last few times that we've gone there, we've ordered a number of dishes - california burrito, la unica burrito, carne asada tacos, arros con pollo, camarones al chipotle, pechuga de pollo ala mexicana, chimmichanga dinner, etc... you get the picture. All were great; better than we've had anywhere in Charlotte or elsewhere. Not one case where we even felt like the dish or experience could've been better.A recommendation - the place tends to get very packed and depending on what time and day you decide to go, you may have to wait to be seated. You can also phone in your order and pick it up once ready.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,9/6/2012,144,135,2,3,2>My husband is pretty handy but you have to have a back up!  I had an emergency brake problem and they inspected it ASAP.  Bumped me to the top of the list.  Not only did they see me as soon as I screeched in but since it was a simple fix (a slipped pad clip) they didn't charge me.  WHAAAAA!  Honest, nice and helpful.  Not words I use for all car places.  Thanks guys...you are my go to back ups when the hubby is out of his league or out of town.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,9/5/2012,43,91,2,6,3>Growing up listening to punk rock and going to some of the dingiest venues I'm quite partial to Tremont. It's a pretty large venue that has two rooms. They open them both up for really big shows but mostly just use the main room.The bartenders are rather good a keeping a drink in your hand and manage a full bar rather well. The bathrooms are a little dismal but what do you expect at a punk rock venue.There is plenty of room inside and outside. Also, they have pinball games, Starwars pinball no less. All and all you can catch a good show and really enjoy it and just relax and be happy. I'll definitely be going back here.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/4/2012,22,60,2,5,4>I'd heard a lot of dry reviews about Sauceman's when it first opened, but recently, the scuttlebut has been wet with praise.  They've been doing a lot of promotion in the Valu-Pak mailers, so I grabbed our buy-one-get-one-free coupon, and off we went.  Located in South End, Sauceman's was slightly off the beaten path (South Blvd.), but still close enough to have some character.  The parking lot is pretty small and gravel, and once inside, the layout is slightly awkward.  You order at the register, using hanging menu boards above or paper printed tri-fold menus to decide what you want, kitchen window directly to your right, seating area 1 just behind you, and seating area 2 behind the register (and yes, seating area 2 is where you'll find the drinks).  After ordering, you're given a number and can select your seat; food will be brought out to you.Two sandwiches ordered later, we were ready to stuff our faces - and stuff our faces we did.  I got the Southern Belle with turkey, which came out on texas toast, covered in boursin cheese, and layered with more turkey than I consume at Thanksgiving (and yes, the fried green tomatoes atop were delicious); the side of macaroni and cheese, bless it's heart, looks a bit odd, but sure does taste good.  My boyfriend got the Cheesy Sauceman with brisket, and said the brisket was the best he's had outside of Texas; six hushpuppies adorned the full plate.  As good as our sandwiches were, there's a few more from the menu that I'm eyeing and will be trying next time... because there will be a next time.  The Sauceman returneth!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/3/2012,212,802,1,6,5>Sadly, Charlotte does not have an overwhelming number of choices for French cusine so I had really high hopes for Georges. I was really hoping for an authentic French bistro experience versus a snobby over-priced pretentious restaurant. For my lunch visit, I found that Goerges Brasserie offered a nice upscale atmosphere with some basic traditional french offerings without being overly pretentious.   My friend decided to go with quiche du jour - which on this particular day meant there was a choice of 4 quiches which came with a small side salad (around $10).  The quiche is enormous and wasn't overcooked (most quiches I have ordered around here tend to be overcooked and somewhat dry as a result.) I decided to try the ratatouille (about $10) which was served over pasta with gruyere. The veggies were cooked until they were nice and tender, but still had texture. The cheese was a little light but I could tell it was on the pasta.  Oh, and as Nicole and others have noted, their crusty bread and butter are outstanding!! I thought that the food was good, but not the best french cuisine I have ever eaten. (I only went to Paris one time, but I had some FABULOUS meals there.  In bigger cities in the US, I have found several French restaurants that made me think that I was back in Paris... this is not one of those restaurants.) Our poor server was having a rough time remembering all the specials when we first arrived and went over the menu, but she was very friendly and provided pretty good service overall. I am not sure if the food justifies the price points for some of their dishes at dinner, but if you can make it over to Georges for lunch, $10 for the entree I had was well worth it.  Based on this experience, I would certainly go back to sample some of their other dishes.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,9/2/2012,125,102,5,5,3>After a long stroll of errands through Trader Joe's, Target, Staples and Marshall, in combination with Charlotte's crazy, indecisive weather, I needed some froyo! Cherry Berry is positioned within the vicinity of the Metropolitan, beside West Elm and across from Zoe's Kitchen. Guess they knew that frantic shoppers, like myself, would want delicious frozen treats upon completion of errands or after eating lunch/dinner. Tsk tsk... business owners and their marketing tactics! Okayy.. SLIGHT sarcasm there. I admit I definitely like the convenience.LOVE the interior design! The adornment of round chairs and colorful embellishments would light up any sulky soul. I felt just a bit cheerier walking in. Plus, it's so shiny!! It's much larger than my presumed judgement from the exterior. There's indoor AND outdoor seating so you can people-watch the frantic shoppers mentioned above, especially when the weather is nice.There is a pretty decent variety of flavors and toppings. It's also nice that the yogurt is made from real dairy and not powder. Like Grace, the other reviewer, I also love mochi balls in my yogurt. CHERRY BERRY: PLEASE GET MOCHI BALLS!! They do have boba beads though. I suppose those will suffice (not really.. GET MOCHI BALLS!!).My only complaint (aside from MOCHI BALLS that is..) is that the flavors are primarily alternatives for sweets and pastries like cheesecake, salted-caramel pretzel, white chocolate mousse, etc. I suppose cheesecake yogurt is a better.. well healthier.. alternative than an actual cheesecake. The thing is I like fruity flavors such as pomegranate, mango, coconut, etc. It's probably because I like subtle sweets. They do have blueberry tart flavored yogurt that is pretty good, but that's about it. Again, fruits over sweets is just my personal yogurt preference.  I definitely recommend trying the salted-caramel pretzel flavor though.. pretty tasty!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,9/1/2012,24,115,4,13,6>Delta's is a wonderful new addition to the Uptown, after hours scene. It's an upscale, soul food joint with the best live music in town -- traditional soul, neo-soul, jazz, r&b. I am still uncomfortable paying over $20 for fried catfish or fried chicken, especially when I can go down the street to Mert's and pay half the price with more side options. For now I am sticking to drinks and appetizers, which I consider tapas. I highly recommend the catfish fingers and crab cakes.What you have to keep in mind is that Delta's is selling a very different vibe to what I imagine is a very different crowd than what you may expect at other soul food restaurants in town. Not better, just different. Both nights I was there the crowd was definately thirty somethings and middle age professional African Americans dressed to impress. At least I was impressed. Lots of well respected and influential Black business and finance people came out to support this place last time I was there. Love that. You have to have money to eat here, that's for sure. No jeans, muffin tops or flip flops in sight. Service was exceptional . . .  charming, attentive, and knowledgable. Call me booshy but I WILL be back.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/31/2012,118,89,5,6,2>I'm ashamed to admit every time I walk into Monterry's that ask me if I want a Margarita, they don't even ID me anymore. That either means I drink way too many margaritas or I'm a fan of Monterrey's. The location isn't anything special. If you're coming from Harris Blvd. you will mostly likely miss the turn and will have to swing back around. As for Charlotte/ North Carolina chain restaurants, this Mexican joint is a personal fave. While the food isn't authentic Mexican it will satisfy your craving. Their queso dip and margs are pretty tasty. The menu is quite extensive- usually I just grab a taco or burrito, but they have many other options.  This location, has the best service. Everyone is always kind, attentive and speedy. I have been to other Monterrey's and this one is my favorite. They have good specials, outdoor seating and tasty Mexican... what's not to love?
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/30/2012,104,419,,4,4>I'm somewhat embarrassed about this review as I work in Uptown, love this kind of cooking, have known Mert's existed but have never gone!  Remedied that on Wednesday morning and seriously had perhaps the best breakfast I've ever had.I got just the basics - scrambled eggs, sausage, home fries, biscuit and a buttermilk pancake on the side.  OMFG!  Perfectly cooked eggs, two huge sausage patties that were seared on the outside and moist/tender on the inside (yes they were cooked through!)  :)  Everything was just as I would order a breakfast if it were my last breakfast on earth.  My wife had similar but substituted bacon, grits and a sweet potato pancake. she was in breakfast nirvana as well.  Even the coffee was a notch above your typical breakfast joint fare.AND...  As I sat there eating this deliciousness, I had to stare at the lunch special menu board and there was not one thing on it I wouldn't have ordered.  There is no doubt I'm coming back soon for lunch.On the service side it was fast, friendly and really nice teamwork among the servers with everyone paying attention to coffee cups getting low, etc.  What a jewel for the Queen City!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,8/29/2012,205,512,4,8,4>I attended the pre-opening of Simply Cravings and have been a fan of the food since their days of taking lunch/dinner orders and delivering in and around the Charlotte area.  It is certainly exciting to see them fulfill their dream of opening a restaurant.  The restaurant itself is small and quaint with a room in the back that may be used for conference meetings, showers, etc.  The food is a cross between southern and Caribbean and serving such entree's as curry chicken, oxtails, pork chops, bbq chicken, mac n cheese, cabbage, greens, etc.  My favorite has always been the curry chicken, but the grilled pork chop I sampled was simply amazing!  It was perfectly marinated in, if I had to guess, was a pineapple teriyaki something, but it was quite the showstopper for me.  They will also have homemade desserts and possibly a Sunday brunch, so if you're in the downtown Concord area, give them a try.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/28/2012,761,516,2,5,3>I love Thomas Street it's the  perfect place to enjoy a cocktail in the great outdoors.  They have a huge patio outside with heaters and firepits as well as an outdoor bar.  not to mention pingpong, cornhole, and more. The bartenders are always friendly and I always meet a bunch of friendly patrons.Food is above average for bar food and there are plenty of options to choose from even a few veggie options.  Overall just a great casual place to hang with some friends.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,8/27/2012,87,274,1,5,4>Not sure what VBGB means, but I love it!And you know what, I'm not even a big fu-fu beer fan.  To me anything that's not "Bud," "Miller" or  "Michelob" are just confusing... yes, gasp, you can yell at me later :)But on a Tuesday $2 draft night, I'm more than happy to try that stuff... stuff I cannot pronounce, because apparently I like foreign wheat beer.  The bartenders (or beer consultants) also told me to stay away from IPA or anything that has the word pale in front of ale.  Hey, I'll listen to the experts.  So far so good.  They were even nice enough to keep letting me taste different stuffs and eventually mixed 2 together so they could get rid of me for the next 15 minutes.  It's just a nice, causal setting where you can just hang out at the picnic table (if you have a big group) or at the bar (completed with a little strip of icy area for the beer) and talk with your friends.  Yes, we can talk and hear each other!  They even offer games like Jenga and ping pong for a friendly game of rivalry.  They have a small kitchen area with small bites that are decently priced.  I tried the chicken nuggets which were ok as well as the pretzel... which was a little expensive for a pretzel but was nice and warm and did its job soaking up my beer.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,8/26/2012,208,546,4,7,5>A very solid spot to stop for sushi! (bet you can't say that three times fast).We went with the Guru roll and split the lunch special (tuna avocado roll California roll). We enjoyed all three but I have to say their Cali roll stood out! It was super fresh and probably one of the best I've had. Their rice was a bit softer than your average sushi rice (making it difficult to pick-up) but the taste was fabulous. The Guru roll tasted very familiar ...that's because it's the same thing as the Press roll (turns out they supply the sushi there too). I would bet that their crunchy roll and their fujisan  roll is the same  too (and perhaps others). I like these rolls but I wish they were a bit more creative and came up with something new and unique to this location. They also forgot our salad but were super friendly so I can't fault them too much on the service side. Next time i'd forgo the salad as it was iceberg bag mix...not a favorite of mine. My total came to $13 for my half ...very reasonable for a filling fresh- sushi lunch. I will absolutely come back and try some of their other special rolls...hopefully ones I haven't tried already at Press.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2012,8/25/2012,96,265,2,9,2>Zucca has now CLOSED. We tried to go tonight but they were locked up, televisions ripped down... no signs.  We had been recently and they were closing earlier and earlier and had no customers.  Quality had declined recently so this is not a huge shock.    Even after falling in love with them initially, we started driving to Mellow in Selwyn. Sad to see my neighborhood bar close but it was pricey for what you got.  Will miss the sliders though!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,8/24/2012,37,63,7,14,8>I have a very large soft spot for locally owned and operated restaurants. And this is exactly what this place is. There isn't a large parking lot or fancy entrance when you walk in. As soon as you walk in you find yourself in a tight, but yet roomy diner. Don't expect the fancy decorations or big puffed booths. You came here to get your food and eat. And that experience is worth paying for (and by paying I mean little).Nothing fancy on the menu, yet they maintain an interesting blend of options to keep you coming back. You have your burger and hot dog combos and the daily specials on their own whiteboard. The food is all reasonably priced and a combo can run for about $5.50.I came during dinner and found the place filled with construction workers covered in paint to parents eating with their ketchup faced children. I find this to be the real magic of the diner. A place where the white and blue collared can eat together without that feeling you get in some other places meant for a particular cohort. Finding a seat wasn't a problem though, so if you want to grab a seat and eat, no worries. I can imagine during the non-winter season that many people will want to eat outside on the picnic benches before catching the light rail uptown.The hot dogs and fries didn't give my taste buds anything new to think about either. There really isn't anything special about the food. It's the atmosphere and price you go here for. It's quick and pleasing service. That feeling that these owners actually give a two cents about their restaurant and reputation in the community. That's why you go here. I have yet to try their seemingly famous ice cream, so I will update when appropriate. Four stars for quality and service. Sure it isn't the best food, but it's local and a part of Charlotte.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,8/23/2012,255,284,3,6,4>My days of the week include Bloody Mary Sundays and this is my favorite place to cure what ails me. If you want/need/crave a bloody mary, come here. Bloody Mary bars are wonderful because I can and will make a killer bloody mary when supplied with the right ingredients. They have several vodkas to choose from including a pepper vodka which is great for lovers of spice. There are probably 8 different bloody mixes to choose from, including a great house mix. There are hot sauces galore! And so many pickled vegetables to throw in, not just olives. The best thing is they'll have your vodka ready so once that clock hits noon, it's on. The food at brunch (because I've only eaten here during brunch - prime bloody mary hour) is aiite. Standard omelettes and other things covered in hollandaise sauce. Have yet to try their beignets, but have heard great things about them. In short - when it's bloody mary time, Boudreaux's is my number one.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/22/2012,78,188,8,7,5>I'm giving Char Bar No. 7 5 stars, because not only is it good eats, someone needs to offset J.H., who apparently believes that a suburban restaurant's lack of valet parking is some great crime.  Seriously? Just walk to the front door; it's like twenty feet.Anyways, Char Bar is in the running for the best burger in Charlotte, in my opinion.  They have some creative combinations, the meat is cooked just right, and--hallelujah--the burgers don't fall apart when you pick them up.  I'm looking at you, Bad (Big) Daddy's.  There's also an amazing patio.  I can't wait until it's warmer so we can enjoy it.I recommend the Carolina Blue burger to start. There's nothing like chili and slaw on a burger.  Also, get the sweet potato tots as your side.  They're dang tasty.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,8/21/2012,92,226,5,5,2>This is definitely one of those places that make me grateful for Yelp, because I never would have found it without it. I would give it 5 stars for service, value, grilled kabobs, buttery delicious baklava and hommos.  The chicken was really well-seasoned and perfectly cooked (often kabobs can be burnt and cardboardy). We were really pleased with our meals that were so reasonably priced.What deducted a star for me is the odd deli ambiance with trays of food sitting out as well as the baba ghanoush which missed the mark for me. Perhaps it is the traditional way they prepare it in Jerusalem, but I prefer the more Greek/Morroccan way with more eggplant/lemon than creamy white stuff. Yeah, I said it. No creamy white stuff for me. (Good thing I'm never running for office.)I got three pieces of baklava for the office mates to go which were a major crowd pleaser. They were more buttery than typical Greek baklava than I've had, but I really enjoyed it. A great alternative if you're stuck in the midlands of Charlotte at a car dealership and your food tank is running on empty. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,8/19/2012,15,63,2,3,3>What a great little place. I visit at least once a week. Great customer service. The staff will always ask if I want a sample of something. Hell yes I want a little taste of something! Thanks for asking!The Cinnamon Chip Bread is TO DIE FOR!!!!! AND thanks to the girl behind the counter I now know that they offer the Cinnamon Chip Bread in Whole Wheat. Yippee! But know this, they only make it on Thursdays. The Dakota Bread is also a favorite in our house. One slice is like a meal.Around Easter, they offer large and small Bunny Breads. Honey Wheat bread in the shape of Bunnies. How cute is that? I ordered one this past Easter. It was a conversation piece for Easter Feast and it was very yummy too.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,8/18/2012,100,112,4,6,6>Chocolaty goodness.  Enough said.  Everyone who has a wicked sweet tooth needs to stop by this family run store.  The first time I came here, it was for a Yelp event.  The staff was so nice and friendly, and Andy was nice and answering all my questions about chocolate.  It's a cute store that is nicely decorated.  The display shelf is nicely organized and clearly labeled with which chocolate piece you are giving googly eyes to.  It just smells wonderful the moment you open the door and step foot into the place.  I highly recommend the Cake in a Jar.  It's a good thing that I don't live so close to this place or I would be here weekly!Their littlest chocolatier is also so adorable, so that's another perk of going and visiting this place.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/17/2012,87,62,8,8,9>I had my first Ass Clown beer at the 2011 Oktoberfest and like many others instantly fell in love with the brand name. What I didn't expect however was to be blown away by the range of flavors and styles he was brewing. We must have cycled Matt's tent five times that day. At that point I was just an average beer drinker, but after visiting his station I realized I had been missing a lot by not going to these festivals, so I went on to attend QC Brewers Fest, Beertopia in Fort Mill, Brawley's Black and Blue, and most recently the NC Brewers Music Fest. Not only did Ass Clown have the longest lines and the most diverse selection of beers to taste at these events, at the last one in Rural Hill, he was crowned the NC Brewer of the Year.That's a lot of Ass Clowning in the last eight months, but in that time we have followed his brewery from beer fests, to growler runs at his mortgage business, to beer dinners at Brixx Pizza, to finally being able to order his beer on tap at bars like Galway Hooker and VBGB, all of which has led up to his new brewery and tasting room which just opened off Bailey Road in Cornelius.This new location is now open on the weekends, Friday 10-8PM and Saturdays 12-9PM.  Every week the place evolves a little more as he settles in, they built up the new bar area and added extra seating and tables, activities such as corn hole, and eventually live music are planned, but for now you're there for the beer, and in that department you can try free samples from a multitude of taps. Each one offers some new eclectic blend of flavors you would never find at your local craft beer store. Most recently we tasted Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Stout, Vanilla Chocolate Brown Ale, Buttered Apple Pie, Smoked Bacon Maple, and Raspberry Vanilla Stout. He also has one rotating nitro tap each week as well. For seven bucks you can get a flight of four beers. Once you find your favorite you can purchase a pint or request a growler to take with you. The growlers are $15 for your first one then refills are only $10 since you already own the bottle. He also sells hats, t-shirts, koozis, and other souvenirs each one featuring his sweet logo. Follow him on facebook or twitter as he updates the tasting room flavors each week on those two mediums.If this is the first you have heard of Ass Clown brewery pop in and check it out for yourself. I assure you in another years time this brewery will be more than just a Charlotte staple at local beer fests, it will be spoken of as often as NoDa and Birdsong as it continues to pop up in new bars all around Charlotte. Did I mention his tap has an effin' clown horn on it? Make sure they toot that tap before they serve you!  An awesome name and logo are one thing, but to back it up with free samples of unmatched unique brews rotating weekly, and a brewer motivated by his own love of beer and organic ingredients, Ass Clown is exactly why beer lovers go to festivals, to discover a new brewery that cares enough to offer you a drinking experience unlike anything you've tasted before.Ass Clown - "Drink one, don't be one"
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,8/16/2012,216,466,7,14,6>Hidden spot in the Southend behind Chipotle - this is place is massage heaven!  The staff is super friendly and get you processed quickly and easily when you arrive.  The waiting room is serene with gentle music playing - you start to relax instantly!We had the couples massage which was held in a room where the massage tables are put close enough to hold hands!  (I know - barf gag!)  But for couples it is fun!  The room was very dark and comfortable.  The lady that worked on me was fantastic with a good amount of pressure.  I had deep tissue and she did her best working on the knots in my shoulders.Checkout process is easy and quick!  Definitely recommend this place - the prices can't be beat!  $125 plus tip for a swedish and deep tissue massage.  We will definitely be back!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,8/15/2012,151,1019,4,8,5>Finally made it to the Cowfish with my dinner group and I was not disappointed.  This is a interesting concept for a restaurant. Burgers and Sushi.  Who would have thought that such a combination would be so popular.  The place was packed on a Tuesday night.Anyway, this was also my first time in trying raw sushi.    Before my sushi roll came out, one of my table mates received theirs first which was a spicy tuna roll and I was offered a taste.  This was wonderful  Great flavors!  Why the heck did I wait so long to try sushi.  My roll came out in a few minutes.  It was the double salmon roll and while it was good, it didn't compare to the spicy tuna roll.  So now I know at least one kind of sushi to try again,For the burger, I went with the Pesto Turkey burger which was huge and looked appetizing when it arrived.  The flavors were good but the burger was a little dry.  For desert, I was a little disappointed with the dessert menu.  I guess I was thinking there was going to be something creative like a dessert made to look like a sushi roll but instead I found cheesecake, chocolate cake and similar desserts.   The only dessert with an asian flair were fried apple wontons.  But to go with the burger side they also had milkshakes so three of us opted for those.  The strawberry milkshake came with fresh strawberries and I ordered the grasshopper milkshake which had the right amount of mint and chocolate.Service here was spot on.  Our server was very pleasant and helpful in explaining the menu and after offered no resistance when we asked to have our check split after receiving it.  Each of our bills was right the first time. I think next time I'll just do the sushi here.  The burger/sushi combo was definitely too much.  But this was a fantastic place to try sushi for the first time.#500!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,8/14/2012,1034,436,11,10,12>You had me at jalapeño coffee BBQ sauce.  Their new chef has a brand new kitchen, complete with a bad ass rotisserie smoker.  I was there nosing around and he was smoking pork butts, sausage and ribs.  They offer Mason jars, that you can layer your own sides and proteins.  So you can do traditional BBQ, slaw and baked beans, or anything your heart desires!!  I saw one with mac&cheese, pork with jalapeños on top! ROAR!!!!!When it comes to Southern sides, usually I like mine better and his slaw, baked beans and mac&cheese were delicious --- either just as good or when it came to the mac&cheese, I liked his better!!And the bar specializes in Moonshine!  The blueberry lemonade is super dangerous.  In a good way. Kind of like a bad boy, you know you need to go home, but you end up with your panties around your ankles yelling, "blueberry lemonade!!!!!!!!!!!"Friendly staff, the bowling alley is coming along, but I really just want to go back and eat.  Totally want to plan a UYE, maybe we will plan one to welcome our new CM!  Call me! ;)
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,8/13/2012,57,290,5,6,6>Came here for Sunday brunch and it lives up to the hype.  Have you been to IKEA?  The Swedish meatballs at Bistro are as good, if not better, than the ones at IKEA.Ever wish you had a bigger stomach?  I did when I was chomping down on the kielbasah (sp?) and cabbage.Ordered one serving of French toast.  "Why woodeye want 2" (Suttin' Else shout-out [youtube the song]).  You would want two because they are amazing.  Texture and sweetness is like biting into heaven.Chef Magid?  More like Chef Magic--food is out of this world amazing.dmo out.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,8/12/2012,31,101,2,3,2>OMG! Son.. Have you been here yet? No???!!! What's wrong with you? Didn't you see the front page picture of that sandwich? It doesn't lie and neither does the food sinking happily into your stomach. I can see where this place may not be for everyone. Namely the parking.. but.. wow. I'm not sure where to start. Perhaps with the White Trash Burger? LOL Take your calories and leave them outside. It's like diner food on the back of a Harley Davidson filled with jet fuel. Pretty cool right? I know!This is a bar and a restuarant. There is seating outside if the weather is nice. I've even seen some hipsters bring their kids in. It's not the quietest of places so be aware of that prior to coming in.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,8/11/2012,108,93,1,6,6>Checked this place out last night with a bunch of Twitter peeps and was really pleasantly surprised! It's got that slick downtown look but the kitchen is kicking some amazing pulled pork sliders! They weren't the shredded up, over-sauced bit I've come to associate with pulled pork--these were closer to sliced pork, with a tangy cabbage/greens topping and were simply tasty. At $2, pretty darn big, too. I ruined mine by trying to eat with a knife and fork though; just hoist it up by hand, potential sauce stains be damned. Fries are crispy and well-seasoned too, and look to be hand cut.The owner has a great backstory as well--I was told he went out of his way to hire people who were unemployed. Not transitioning to another job, but who had been looking unsuccessfully for work for months. Well, he sure picked the right ones because the food is great, the staff is friendly and the service is quick. This is going to be a lunchtime staple.And it's right off the seventh street station, so you don't have to futz about parking, but if you do, they validate?? Love!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,8/10/2012,104,306,1,4,3>I was quite surprised to find no reviews for Toast when it is so popular at its other location and the fact that Charlotte is severely lacking quality, unique, breakfast spots.  A Sunday brunch after an extra hour on the clock and a Groupon offer, it's no wonder there was a wait, only 20 minutes for a table for 2 though. Fortunately it was a beautiful November day and the 5 outdoor tables were in use as well.  Just ran out of orange juice? Hopefully that means it truly is fresh...although i saw some food lion bags of OJ to the rescue...hmm.Couldn't resist the Southwest Scramble, its hard for me to avoid anything with jalapeños. The Southwest Scramble was a perfect blend of spice and flavor. Seems like an easy thing to whip up at home, but it would never turn out like that. Egg, Chorizo, jalapeños, corn salsa with cheese melted on top and a side of potatoes. The potatoes had a little hint of something that distinguished themselves in a good way from being just potatoes. The one thing that's not really my thing is that with all the people, this place gets noisy and for someone like me that doesn't have the vocal capabilities without alcohol to converse in noisy settings, it puts a strain on my meal conversation. Service was tag team style. Efficient and friendly despite running around frantically. Our table was low on jelly and creamer type items, but they were quick to retrieve when you caught them running by. All in all, It's not quite as cozy as the Davidson location but it's a much needed brunch spot for Charlotte worth checking out.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,8/9/2012,52,54,3,5,4>I've been coming here as long as I can remember; at least 10 years. The best service ever. I can go to a restaurant that charges three times as much, and invariably leave thinking that I would have received better service at Lang Van. As previous reviews on here state, they remember every dish you have ordered, and are genuinely happy to see you. Or they're just darn good actors. But so many other places don't bother to put out that kind of effort.Sure, Pho Hoa has better pho, and nothing compares to the profuse amount of tendon that is in Vietnam Grilles tendon pho.  While I do wish they would give you lime instead of lemon, I don't really come here for the pho; but do order it when it's cold. Having said that this past visit the pho was much better than usual, with a roasted onion flavor that I really enjoyed. The soup arrived quickly and hit the spot.The best dish they have is the lotus root salad; it is the perfect summer dish. Roasted pork and shrimp served on top of some kind of puffy rice cracker thing, with lots of crunchy lotus root. The rice cracker things are light and crispy; the perfect amount of food; you don't leave feeling like you have overdosed on carbs.Here's to another 10 years!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,8/8/2012,51,85,4,3,3>A fresh, healthy salad from Crisp is just what the doctor ordered for those "oh my God I've been eating cheesecake for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for a week" moments.  Don't pretend like you don't know what I'm talking about...Both locations are identical in taste and quality.  The service is super quick and friendly.  You can create your own salad with a choice of lettuce, protein, and 5 toppings.  Several of the salads that are on the menu I really enjoy.  The grilled salmon with pesto drizzle is outstanding.  I also enjoy the BBQ chicken salad if I'm feeling crazy.  I've never had any of the sandwiches or pizzas, but I can almost bet they are pretty great!  The 7th Street location is more spacious but the food in my opinion is the same!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,8/7/2012,14,67,2,2,2>I recently ate here for Restaurant week.  I enjoyed the ambiance of the place if not a little too trendy/upscale. .  I ordered the Calamari for the appetizer and the Lobster/Shrimp Diablo for the entree.  For dessert I had the Creme Brulee.  They serve Pretzel Bread for the table when you're seated and this tasted as you can expect it to.   The Calamari had a good flavor to it and was cooked well.  The Lobster/Shrimp Diablo had a nice spice to it and despite the lack of Lobster it was rather filling. It was served upon a bed of perfectly cooked Linguine.   The Creme Brulee was delicious especially with the fruit added.  They offer a good selection of wine, too   My friend had the Roasted Chicken which she rather enjoyed.  Her side dish (I forget what it was) came in a cute little skillet on the plate with her chicken.   The presentation of the food was semi-gourmet (plated aesthetically but not up to par with most upscale restaurants), which by the way I appreciated.My only complaint besides the lack of Lobster, is our waitress.  It was very difficult to hear her at all and she never offered to refill our drinks (alcohol).  However, I get the vibe that the wait staff at any Charlotte restaurant doesn't operate at 100% during Restaurant Week.I would recommend it to anyone especially if entertaining "out of towners"  or as a prequel to an evening out.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,8/6/2012,74,627,2,2,2>0000000ooooooooooh!  Lots of beautiful, custom made pieces on display!  I was greeted warmly & told they create, customize and manufacture directly on-site.That's a huge bonus for me - I'm always leery of sending jewelry away.  I'm much happier knowing I can walk in and have a real jeweler/jewelry maker work with me directly & I can see the process as it happens.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,8/5/2012,29,89,,3,3>I think I found my new favorite Sushi Bar in South Charlotte. I randomly went in for lunch one day and the freshness of the sushi was amazing. Every dish I ordered was beautifully & artistically presented. Atmosphere is hip and fun. Service was good. The sushi chefs are extremely friendly and kind. I've been back multiple times since my first visit. A must try if you are in the area.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/4/2012,150,417,2,2,2>I'm new to the area, and have been looking for the perfect spot to call my own since I moved here. Well, that place has turned out to be Jackalope Jacks and I'm pretty excited about it. I have tried many things off the menu on our weekly visit, and I have yet to be dissapointed. They add something to everything, that I'm just assuming is canned deliciousness, and that's just fine by me. I knew this was the place for me, when we walked up and people had their pups sitting by their side on the patio. They have the deck area with the fans that blow mist, and that's pretty great on a hot day, it's like my own personal sprinkler, and if I closed my eyes long enough, I'd be wisked away to days of my childhood with the sprinkler spraying on me. Ah, memories... Oh.. crap, I'm getting off track here...But I love everything about Jacks, from the ski ball, to the chalkboard wall bathrooms, to the selection of drinks and food. I will be there for Karaoke one night and I'm sure I'll make lots of new friends who will feel the same way about this awesome place :P
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,8/3/2012,50,331,5,7,5>I am a HUGE animal rights activist and Lazy 5 is the only kind of animal entertainment my kids will see. Large habitats. Animals well cared for and not traded or obtained from the black market just for the sake of the almighty dollar. Politics aside, I have to say, I have rarely laughed so hard as I did during our drive thru excursion.I'd been warned to avoid the hayride w/small children b/c the animals get right up on you...so we drove...and the emus stuck their heads in the car and their Inspector Gadget necks just kept extending and extending...all the way across the backseat...to the bucket...held by my 2 1/2yo son who was plastered against the far side window....screeching...while I damn near peed myself laughing...and my husband was trying to laugh/drive/roll up the window w/out hurting the darn bird. All while my son screamed, "I no like mommy! Mommy, let's go home NOW!!!" I know, I shouldn't have laughed but it was like watching someone slip and seeing the look on their face. Sometimes you just can't help it. After the attack of the emus, we enjoyed watching the deer, boar, zebra families, water buffalo, and more, as they roamed the 'plains'. The giraffe family and the rhino are simply beautiful to behold. After our ride we visited a baby giraffe and had the pleasure of petting him and staring into his big beautiful eyes w/the most amazing lashes. We then toured the aviary and grounds, stopping to watch the rednecks w/the camels; the camels were NOT happy and were ready to spit - sadly, they missed the target of their angst. ;) Overall, this is a great way to spend a few hours with family and friends. The bathrooms are clean but located in the front so if you need to go and you are on the far side, you are up a river. There is also very little shade on a hot day, thus the four star rating.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,8/2/2012,31,101,,5,2>Went here solo because I was craving the Greek style ribs with tzatiki (stunningly good combo, btw). Ilios is so postively reliable - service, atmosphere, food. . .even free wi-fi! Everything was top notch and the ribs really did hit the spot!Make sure you order the eggplant chips to start - very unusual appetizer but very tasty!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,8/1/2012,67,165,5,8,8>Old MacDonald had a farm...and he brought his wares to South End. You know you were all just singing the tune in your head (just as I was when typing it)! On a more serious note, this Farmer's Market is the cat's meow. They have everything from grass fed meat to seafood to veggies to soap to candles to jewelry to honey (be sure to try the infused pumpkin spice or cinnamon honey). The vendors are all local and very helpful when you have questions on how to prepare their wares. The entire atmosphere is so friendly and upbeat that you just want to be eating and living a healthier lifestyle. New hours are Tuesday from 3-7pm, Wednesday from 11am-7pm and Saturday from 9am-2pm. Now for those of us who need to shop at least twice a week because we're using all fresh ingredients, being open after work is much appreciated! There is quite a bit of parking so that's never an issue. You'll also want to bring some cash as not all vendors accept cards.Be sure to check out Atherton; you won't be disappointed!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/31/2012,33,176,2,7,4>Loved it!! We came in on the Grand Opening and we had such a nice time! The cocktails were great and we definitely had our share!! The decor is absolutely gorgeous and totally different from any other restaurant in Charlotte - a lot of money and attention was put into this place! All the different light fixtures were really eye catching and of course the ceiling with the whole book of The Art Of War on it- was really a nice touch!! Onto the most important part for me- the food! We first started with the below and had coursed it out so it wasn't all at once:Grilled Flat Bread w shrimp- Perfect, light and had great flavors!Bibb Lettuce- Nice and light Mushroom Gnocchi- My Favorite of the night!! Cooked perfectly!!Crispy Szechuan Pork Belly- Crispy and delicious had a nice little crispy cabbage salad that it was served overSt. Louis Style Toasted Mushrooms- were good!! Indian Spiced Potato Pierogies- they had English Peas and Emulsion with them and they were really Tasty!! For my Entree I had the Tokyo Noodle Soup- which had Crispy Pork, a Poached Egg and Veggies in a nice Smoky Broth- Delicious!! I honestly don't remember what the other two had, I was more focused on my food!! Our Server was really nice and explained everything to us! The only bad thing I could say is that the music was a little too loud for dinner service they should hold off on putting it that loud until like 9 or later - I know i sound like an old lady but we found it difficult to hear the server or even runners when they dropped the food off- ok that's all I can think of this time I will be back soon!!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,7/30/2012,66,60,1,5,2>This place has moved into the 'Favorite Bar' chamber of my heart ever since Morehead Street Tavern cleared out a few months back. Having come here several times (mostly on Thursdays and after concerts), I am happy to say that this place has a very healthy balance of:Good atmosphereDecent drink specialsFriendly crowdIndoor/outdoor optionsSurprisingly good foodI know I know, that last one doesn't seem too likely, but it's true. The 'Steak in the Grass' filet sandwich with sauteed spinach is to die for. My friend also got a serious fried bologna sandwich. It was as thick as a hamburger, no joke. Though I prefer a slightly smaller and more cramped atmosphere for my drinking hovel of choice, Tavern On the Tracks took in our miserable and bedraggled happy hour crowd after the demise of Morehead like a true champ. For that and all of its other fine qualities, I will continue to raise my glass to it.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,7/29/2012,53,163,1,4,3>My 4 y/o nephew wanted pizza and since I was bringing him to the movies in the same shopping center, I figured this was our best bet.  What a pleasant surprise this pizza was!  I hadn't read any reviews and didn't know what to expect, but it was really good.  I tried a slice of plain and the supreme, which I did take a bunch of toppings off because I really just wanted the mushrooms and onions.  But it was thin and crispy with a good chewy crust.  I'd definitely go back if I was nearby.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/28/2012,87,79,3,4,3>I have nothing less than stellar things to say about the Matthews Public Library.The most beautiful and serene library out of all Char-Meck's public libraries. You'll find it in the super cute albeit super tiny area that is downtown Matthews. Ample parking within the complex leading up to the library and behind the bldg itself. I can (and have) spend an entire afternoon hanging out here. It can be a a few notches above silent in the early afternoon as moms w young children come in and out - I'm guessing before older siblings get out of middle/high school - and after 3pm there's usually a constant shuffling of feet and/or papers but all I do in both instances is slip on my trusty headphones and settle into my own space. Choose from an array of comfy chairs, big desks for group work, and individual desks/work spaces. I must confess I very rarely seek out the assistance or info from any of the librarians (are they called library techs now? not too sure) so I can't rate their knowledge/customer service/etc. but I can tell you they're always in plain sight and accessible for patrons who do require assistance. When weather permits, I sit on a bench outside or sprawl out on a blanket as I would at Freedom Park. I've seen a few of the aforementioned moms w young children do the same.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/27/2012,30,135,2,7,4>Wow, I cannot say enough great things about Kadi Fit. I wanted to be sure to write a really fair review, so I have been there a few weeks and have tried most classes several times.  To start, the décor is beautiful, very rustic and artistic. After each class when the teacher dims the light, to relax you, it almost has a spa feel.There is a small desk to sign in and then that's about it. A couch or two to tie your shoes or relax before your class begins. The restrooms are though a hallway and I think maybe shared with other businesses in the same building. Katie the owner is very energetic and inspiring. She is always leaving you with a thoughtful idea for the week.So the most important part...the classes. I'll give you the scoop on what I have been to.Kardio Dance- I've experienced this high energy dance fitness class with 4 different teachers. All of which are full of energy and push you to give it all you can. They guide you through fitness choreography that is easy to follow with songs anywhere from "Greased Lightning" to "Lose Yourself" (Eminem)Boga Fit- What? I've never heard of this...well it's awesome. If you ever took ballet or secretly wished you could be a ballerina (or have their body) then come try it out. There is a ballet bar set up in the middle of the room and you do a mix of yoga, ballet, martial arts and strength training exercises. Amazing.Primal- It's like the name...basic tough circuit training. A minute at each station...so just when you think you can't do anymore, you get to switch to something else. Phew. Great workout. Zumba- Latin inspired workout, pretty much what you would expect out of a Zumba class. A lot of fun.Kardio Boot Camp- A combination of primal and Kardio dance. A great mix!I would suggest Kadi Fit to anyone, especially if you like to dance. The women are so friendly and there are a lot of them. The price is very inexpensive for what you get out of the classes. After a few weeks I am already seeing great results. They also offer classes for kids/tweens and are starting a boys only hip hop class soon if you're interested. A tip for newbies- Kardio Dance with Megan was the easiest to follow at first, she is GREAT at giving little signals about the next dance move coming up, so there is no need to stop for confusion!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,7/26/2012,175,289,2,3,5>OK...so I'm not a loyal guy with barbers/stylists, etc. Never have been. Spend $10, $15, $40 on a haircut, whatever...when I need one I get one. That said; my recent visit to Sportsclips made me look closer at a new place to try, and came across Ruth's from the reviews and realized I walk by this place all the time. On a recent visit I had Gina, and she was great. $10 for a 10 minute haircut that was great. Simple as that. The outside of the building is nothing to write home about, but it's an old salon that the owners are bringing back to life in a great way! I'm a new regular!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,7/25/2012,121,566,3,4,3>The name threw me off!  For a long time I thought it was Thai.  So whenever I walked by to look at the menu because I was in the mood for Thai, when I noticed it's Italian I just kept walking.  Even when I typed the name to look them up on Yelp, they didn't appear but a bunch of other Thai places did.  So it's not just me!  (Or so I keep telling myself...) But finally I was in the mood for Italian and we remembered to try it! Their Napa salad with champagne vinaigrette is friendly for non-dairy folk and delicious.  I can't wait to try it again with grilled chicken on my next visit.  The star for me is the spaghetti with meatballs which is a perfect portion size.  There is just a hint of spiciness in the sauce and the meat is lean and flavorful.  Everything came out of the kitchen nice and  hot.  Super clean place, friendly atmosphere, nice bathrooms.  Full bar!  And of course for dessert lovers they have a flour-less chocolate cake which we ordered to take home.  La dolce vita!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,7/24/2012,587,223,4,5,5>I'd pitch a tent and live here semi-permanently. Or as you may be able to tell from my other reviews...I *sheepish wince* sort of do live here. I walk to this shopping center all the time. And I partake in many of the offerings of this lovely spot:* Hair styling at Salon Piper Glen* Coffee and free wi-fi at Starbucks (despite my affinity for local coffee establishments, I keep coming here...)* Meals at Señor Tequila or Rudy's * Random/health-related purchases at CVS (I love this CVS location - staff is wonderful!)* Nearly all my grocery shopping at Trader Joe's* Bread at Great Harvest (free samples!!)* Consultations on running shoes at Run for Your Life* Shipping and printing at the UPS store * Pizza from Domino'sI could really go on all day...And there are lots of other places that I haven't tried yet! If you don't live in the area or shop at Trader Joe's, you might have missed this great conglomeration of stores. So next time you're around, stop by and try some new places at Piper Glen. You will probably see me there!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/23/2012,7,129,3,5,5>This was my second visit to the Whitewater Center. We arrived about noon this past Saturday and it was already pretty busy. Parking was five dollars in their gravel parking lot. There was a short line to get tickets and a lady was coming around asking what activities we were planning on indulging in as there was a waiver to sign. We chose the all-sport pass. It was 52 or 54 dollars I believe and included all activities along with the white water rafting. We signed up for a 1:45 raft. We chose to put our belongings in a locker. You can also store your belongings in an open bin which is kept in an employee only area for 10 dollars, this option allows you to come and go as often as you please for one fee. The locker tokens are 2 dollars each. A token is necessary to remove the key from the locker each time you open it. So, each time you open your locker you must insert the two dollar token to get your key out after closing it back. I got two tokens, one for putting my belongings in the locker initially and the second for opening it later to change into dry clothes after rafting. I also brought a second pair of dry shoes to put on after rafting. Shoe rentals are 8 dollars each. After we got settled we headed over to the rafting area five minutes prior to rafting as instructed. It was actually closer to 2pm before the instructions for rafting began. The guide talked very fast but was comical and to the point. I was able to grasp all the information but I don't think my friend's two children did. We got our equipment together and headed out with Casey. Casey was very helpful and friendly, cute too. He took us around a couple times on the lighter waves to let the kids and us get the hang of things, then he took us on to some adventure rafting a couple times. We had a great time. Wish we would have had more time and energy in the day for a second round. Also tipping is appreciated but not required. We tipped him 10 dollars.After changing into something dry and reapplying sunscreen and now mosquito repellent, those blood sucking creatures love me, we went to zip line. Don't let the  line fool you. The line wasn't very long and we figured it would be maybe half a hour wait. Wrong, try a hour and a half. I had never zip lined before so I waited eagerly for my turn. I was about dehydrated though before I got started. They should have a drink machine like Carowinds does in these lines. I think I overly anticipated the excitement involved in zip lining from watching too many Indiana Jones and jungle movies. In my opinion, it was comparable to riding the swings at the fair. But at least I gave it a try and can say I did it now. After zip ling 1200 feet across part of the rapids we walked back to return our equipment. I was now foaming at the mouth from thirst, lol. We headed over to the restaurant on-site for some enjoyable and much needed refreshments. That's another review...I would like to go back again but earlier and during the week. So I could start rafting early and wind down the day kayaking down the Catawba River.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,7/22/2012,12,77,2,3,2>I will be the first to admit that the customer service can be questionable & inconsistent. Combine that with the often long wait times, practically non-existent parking, and the crazy price for a plain, old cup-o-coffee, I can understand how some folks aren't fans of this quirky spot. With that being said, I still love Zada Jane's. I just know now what to expect going there. I've only ever eaten here for breakfast, so my experiences are based on that alone. I love the sweet potato hashbrowns. The Belvedere Omelet is almost always good (the one time it was made incorrectly, the server made me feel bad for pointing out their error, never offered to make me a new one, and balked when I asked for a discount after I ate way less than half of it - that's an example of the questionable customer service we've gotten here). However, their biscuits are really good and the berry jam & apple butter they have on the tables are ah-may-zing. Those condiments alone are reason to dine here, which is often what we're craving when we brace ourselves for the drive, the parking lot, the long wait & the so-so service, but for some reason, we keep coming back for the unique and usually yummy food choices.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,7/21/2012,75,80,5,3,1>The service is great, the food is great.  There's not really anything I can add that hasn't been said in the other reviews.Other than:  If you don't order the beignets for brunch, you are seriously insensé.  (that's 'insane' in french.  i think.)
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,7/20/2012,90,98,1,5,3>I love tapas bars!!!  The new place which opened where Coco Osteria used to be is a lovely surprise.  I hadn't even known they opened, but was pleased to see a new small plates option in town.  The ambiance is warm and cozy, inviting conversation and intimacy.  The service was friendly and attentive, with glasses always filled and food delivered promptly.  The dishes we tried were fresh and flavorful...Grilled calamari with rosemary and fresh lemon (mmmm!), Dorado over julienned vegetables was a lovely combination, eggplant bruschetta was savory and delicate, and the mussels were spicy and delicious.  The only plate that disappointed was the fried plantains (sort of bitter and the dipping sauce lacked flavor and, in my opinion, did not pair well).  Really looking forward to coming back again.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,7/19/2012,83,19,6,8,6>The best summer rolls, here called Basil Rolls and if you are on a diet you can eat here, im not on a diet but i no i like look i do on one anyway peanut sauce is not like in a Thai place but more like a Vietnamese place, like hoison right out of the squeeze bottle in a cup with some peanuts on top. my stirfried Chicken and shrimp was a lunch special and it was better than most Chinese. All but one of my jock friends would say why did you pick a normal place which is a compliment for this place  for service this place has some great waiters and  the decor is two steps above drap, it is clean and feels safe for sure you could take a date here if you do not no each other well no one will no 1if you have to walk home go over to Elizabeth and you may fell better sooner i could recomend alot of places but for Chinese this is better than many and for Chinese they get 4 stars.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,7/18/2012,11,64,6,4,6>This is one of those "dang, why did I not think of this and get filthy rich" ideas!  The shop in Charlotte is the pilot store for TFI...I imagine it is only a matter of time before they franchise the heck out of this.The "do-it-yourself" frozen yogurt concept is a great idea, on many levels.  First, being able to make your own allows you to customize to your liking...no "ummm-ing and ahhh-ing" over a menu board.  It saves time in the line too!  You don't like what you got?  Can't complain to management, because you did it to yourself!  The topping bar is filled with all the typical favorite candy and chocolate toppings, as well as freshy fruit and nuts, if you are inclined to the more healthy options.  I am not, and promptly turned my cup of yogurt into a trip to Willy Wonka's magical chocolate factory.Which brings me to my next point...it is easy for someone like me to get carried away in a place like this.  What starts out as a tiny cup of ice cream can turn into an $8 hayday supermarket sweep once you hit the topping bar!  But, once again...you can't complain about the price, because pricing is by weight.  You don't like what you're paying?  Get less!It is very dangerous to open up a place like this within walking distance of my office....maybe I should just go ahead and buy the stock in this company now.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,7/17/2012,71,209,3,6,4>Yes, Paper Skyscraper has just about every gifty item under the sun, but for me what makes them stand out is that all of it is organized. When I wanted a fitness journal i knew I could find it with the other motivational fitness materials (or maybe in the journal section). When i was looking for a southern cookbook, it was in the southern area of the cookbooks section of the book area. The kitchen gadgets are always in their area on the left wall of the second room. Cat stuff is in the (desperately undersized, but existent) cat area. It keeps the massive amount of inventory from being overwhelming.They are not as strong on the locally made items as some other gift stores in Charlotte, but the selection they have is all interesting. I love seeing what new lines of cards they have. Sometimes there are way better ways to express just the right sentiment than with the ubiquitous gold crown.The staff are pleasant but get that most people need time to peruse. Once you get to the well impulse candy-stocked counter (even the salesfolk have a section), they are sweet as can be.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,7/16/2012,53,97,4,5,5>Build your own tacos? Don't mind if I do. Heard the truck would be in my neighborhood so I walked over. Was going to bring the dog with me but since he's not allowed people food I figured that was unnecessary evil. Happened to run into fellow Yelper Jimmy D. there too, so that was a nice surprise!Every taco comes standard with a cabbage and veggie mixture. Then you select your meat (or no meat,) toppings, sauce, and shell. I went with chicken, cucumber and water chestnuts, in teriyaki on a soft shell. Delicious! They focus on fresh, local, all-natural food, so these are healthy noms, guys. They have sushi listed on their menu, but Grant who was running the truck tonight told me that a city regulation prevented them from serving it. I hope that changes soon!My tacos took less than 10 minutes. There were no tables or benches in the lot so I got it to-go and headed home. (I thought about hijacking a CM patio table but I think they might have frowned on that.) My shells got a little soggy with teriyaki by the time I got to eat them, but they were still delicious and I ate it all. Excellent stop for a quick, healthy, yummy meal!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,7/15/2012,165,779,4,7,4>Super cool spot to hang out and if you're looking for a unique beer you've come to the right place.  This place is so new, you can smell the new leather on the stools and chairs the minute you walk through the door.  I can see this place being very busy as the summer progresses.  It's located right below a condo and aparment complex and I would guess to say that the locals make up at least 50% of the people there, so as you can imagine it can and likely will be a hot spot.  The service was adequate, all be it, a bit slow.  They seemed a bit under staffed when we were there so I wasn't too upset.  I think this place is probably on the downside of some hurdles in terms of getting the machine well oiled.  They have live music weekly and even though the patio is fairly small, it makes a great hangout spot with very comfy furniture.  They can also open windows to allow free flow air into the interior space which is nice during those cozy summer nights.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2011,7/14/2012,187,1664,11,11,9>It is somewhat interesting seeing a bar named "Hartigans" - obviously an Irish name, with a menu to match - come up in a category labeled "gay bars".  Not, as Jerry Seinfeld so eloquently put it several years ago, that there is anything wrong with that.When you visit, you will see that the physical bar fits the name of the place, and you should feel immediately welcomed.  The wood stretches the length of the place, from the entrance almost to the end of the upper floor.  And yes, there is a lower floor, which is perhaps where the other aspect comes into play.Head downstairs and you get more of a club atmosphere, with pool tables, space for dancing and yes, cages.  Or cage.As you might expect, an Irish Gay Bar does have a menu, and it is interesting, sporting items such as the Dirty Gertie, the Monte Christa and the Toora Loora Loora.  At the suggestion of the bartender, I went with the Monte Christa - hot ham, turkey and swiss cheese with light raspberry vinaigrette on grilled texas toast - and you know what?  It was fab-u-lous.  Or I was.The place is definitely a bit of a paradox, if you have not figured that out already, but we could use more of that around these parts.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,7/13/2012,54,162,1,7,3>There's something to be said for the workhorse restaurant, a place that may not be the fanciest or best looking, but which will always deliver amazing food time and time again.  Fortune Cookie is one of my workhorses.  I've never set foot in their dining area (and probably never will) yet they've consistently served me some of the best Chinese food I've had in Charlotte. They get a glowing 5 stars from me for many reasons:1) They're easy to order from over the phone2) The food is never greasy or heavy3) You can taste the quality of their ingredients4) They always deliver quicker than they quote5) Every member of the staff is friendlyThere's a good selection of dishes on their menu, so everyone should be able to find a taste they like.  My favorites have been the Chicken Teriyaki appetizers, Crab Rangoon, and the absolutely killer Singapore Mein Fun which I think is their best dish hands down.One last tip, they get busy as all hell so if you get a recording or a busy signal just call again.  You will eventually get through and it's definitely worth a couple of redials.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,7/12/2012,10,82,1,8,2>I first heard of Buffalo Exchange last year in California where I got a Juicy Couture jacket for 15 bucks. It reminded me a lot of Plato's Closet, but with more designer brands and a little more expensive. The one here in Charlotte is similar, but with slightly less higher-end brands. The prices are higher than the average thrift store, but the quality of the clothes are too. It has a really good shoe selection, as well as dress selection. The only complaint I can think of was finding parking. Plaza Midwood is usually very crowded and the single lot across the street has yet to not be filled. I parked at the library parking lot, which may or may not be against some rule. Still, it's worth it for the awesome finds.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,7/11/2012,38,184,1,4,3>I'm kind of picky about my pizza - I like it NY style with whole milk mozzarella, a thin crust, and not too much sauce. Revolution does a good job with all of these things, and I'm glad to have found them.I like the fact that you can make your own pizza at Revolution - that is, you choose your base (oil/garlic or tomato sauce), add your toppings, pick your cheese (including whole milk mozzarella), and add any oils (such as truffle oil or spicy oil). I chose a 10" pizza with an oil/garlic base, arugula, artichoke hearts, mozzarella, and truffle oil. My hubby had a 10" tomato base pizza with prosciutto, pepperoni, artichokes, mozzarella, and a spicy oil. The pizzas were delivered pretty quickly, and the crusts were not burnt or overdone. The toppings were generous - almost too much so with the arugula (which completely covered the pizza and was not chopped), and the truffle oil (it was a bit drippy). Overall, the flavors were great and we thought these pizzas were winners.For you beer lovers, Revolution has quite a few draft and bottled beers to choose from. They also have a nice dessert selection at the front, so I would suggest checking that out before you sit down and place your order. (We had the delicious meat and cheese tray as an appetizer, and were too full for dessert.)While parking is always a pain in NODA, Revolution Pizza is definitely worth the trip. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,7/10/2012,30,51,1,4,3>I have heard great things about Dish and FINALLY went to check it out last Friday.  Honestly, you cannot beat the prices!!  The food gives you that home cooked hearty meal feeling that just makes your taste buds feel grateful.  I had the meatloaf and my boyfriend had the salmon patties.  Both were absolutely mouth watering.  We usually split our dishes, but we both didn't feel like sharing the goodness :) We will definitely be coming back as soon as possible and will update on my next dish at Dish!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/9/2012,103,218,4,7,5>Pizza today is a tale of two cities- the one ordered en masse for speedy consumption by hungry hordes, the other on a smaller scale, as a chance for food artisans to show their chops, for everything from the crust to the mix of toppings showcased on top.  Pure Pizza, with its focus on locally-sourced ingredients, is new to town but quickly showing great promise amongst the artisan crowd.  Tucked into the 7th Street Market, Pure resembles little more than a food vendor at your local indoor mall, in that there is a counter and a series of glass guards separating you from the "kitchen."  A menu board overhead describes the offerings and options available.  Seating is basic and plentiful in the middle of the market.A quick look at the menu reveals a number of different pizzas and salads.  Pizzas come in 3 different sizes and in your choice of 2 different crusts- a basic white and a sprouted wheat/ancient grain.  Salads come in a choice of either a large or a small serving.On my visit, the wife and I opted for a fresh arugula salad with goat cheese and a chorizo pizza on the sprouted wheat crust.  The salad was uber-fresh and bright with flavors.  With a lively lemon vinaigrette, it was like spring in bowl.  One minor quibble- the dressing was so cold the oils were semisolid, so we had to bring that up to temp a bit before pouring it over the salad.The pizza, though, was brought out fresh from the oven and was worth the trip alone.  The crust had a great combination of crackling on the outside combined with a light and chewy interior.  That's no easy task with whole grains, but they have pulled it off well.  Choirzo was spicy and the cheese was a great contrast to it.  My favorite part?  The pepper-infused honey they give you to dip your crust into.  Unqiue and a great contrast to the savoriness of the pie.  Given that ingredients are farm-to-fork, it just adds to the experience to know you are eating seasonal and local foods that support area farmers.  Though we were stuffed, it was not hard to look up at the menu and imagine some of the other pizzas being equally good.  Everything from a classic margarita to a T-rex for the meat lovers sounded very good and will be worth a future visit.  Even breakfast is not out of the question as they have a smaller menu with 3 different pizzas there- each combining a egg on top of a pizza with as assortment of other ingredients.  Sounds tempting to me.Given that Pure is right next to a bakery and with an artisnal coffee shop just across the way, you can get you fill and quench your foodie cravings all in one spot.  Combine that with 2 hour validated parking in uptown and you have a winner.Pure is a welcome addition to the 7th Street Market and they fulfill a unqiue and developing niche in the pizza market.  Not a place to take the family when it's time for a quick dinner out, but a great spot for enjoying locally-sourced food prepared with skill and care.  Pure Pizza is so far pure goodness.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/8/2012,249,585,5,7,6>Mr. Pickleville man, I heart you! I LOOOOVE pickles & jalapeños, so why not buy local?!  We made a mad dash to visit Pickleville on Saturday...with five minutes to spare before closing.The owner is an absolute joy! He's so friendly & knowledgeable about his craft.  But yes, he has pickles, salsa, jalapeños, & kimchee.  And all of these items you can sample right there!  Of course, I had to try all the pickle varieties he had. I ended up buying the regular dill flavor, while my boyfriend picked up some kimchee. While Mr. Pickle man packaged our goods, he commented on how we could use the pickle juice for making bread, among other things. We really enjoyed talking with the owner, he's super friendly & funny.Another plus for Pickleville - accepting credit cards/debit cards through "square pay."
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,7/7/2012,41,363,1,10,1>Forget Lowes and Harris Teeter... this is the place to get your spice on!  We found that not only was the selection ridiculously extensive, but the prices the prices were cheaper than what you would pay in the grocery store. For example, we picked up an organic vanilla bean stick thingy for a buck and change. The grocery stores will charge more than double that for a petrified stick that's been sitting on the shelf for who knows how long. We also snagged a 2oz bag of cumin (freshly scooped and bagged by the clerk) for like $2. McCormick will charge more than that for their bottled cumin, and it's not going to be anywhere near as fresh as what you get at the Savory Spice Shop.The staff is super-duper extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The clerk knew exactly where everything we were looking for was and pointed out the bottles that could be sampled, either for smell or taste. He was quick to weigh out our ingredients for us and also asked what we were making. After paying he indicated that we could receive a sample pack of a pork spice mix, but it was actually two separate packs so that you could give one to a friend or family member. With fresher products and cheaper prices, there's no way I'll ever purchase spices and herbs at the grocery store again, and you would be crazy if you did!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,7/6/2012,110,30,5,7,7>In the words of rapper Roscoe Dash, "I had a Good Freakin Night" at NoDa 101 last night!As soon as I stepped in the door, I knew I'd found my niche in NoDa. All night long the DJ on duty kept dropping fresh beats and sick mixes that had the peeps in NoDa 101 fist pumping for more! The music playing was a party pleasing mix of techno, dance, top 40's, hip-hop, and a little R & B. So within the music variety there was definitely a little something for everyone to groove to from their bar stool.Speaking of bar, lets chat about my beverages of choice, and the snazzy bartenders on deck shall we? We shall =) Bee-bopping along with my fellow NoDa 101 bar-mates, the sweet bartender on duty noticed that I was without a beverage, and quickly came to my rescue. After placing my order, I watched as the bartender danced while making my drink. Popping and Locking, snapping and such as he made my Midori Sour and Screwdriver. Amazing drinks, and a show! What-Up!  And he wasn't the only bartender who danced and  attended, in fact the whole staff was in on the jig. Just another thing I love about this place! Perfect drinks, great vibes,sweet beats, and room for rump-shakers like myself!Taking a seat at the bar, you have your choice of viewing 3 different games plastered across the big screens overhead. Every bar goer's dream, comfy seats and great games! Apparently, NoDa 101 hosts league nights! Sounds like a great future date night for me and my boo! And while tuning into the games, I also plan to dive into the great eats here ! I hear the food is delicious! We'll definitely be partaking in the eats on our next date night,  in addition to our "shaken, not stirred" libations ;) See you soon NoDa 101!  =)
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,7/5/2012,49,306,3,6,3>This place is one of the institutions that makes Plaza Midwood the premier neighborhood in Charlotte, in my opinion.  Not only is it a great neighborhood bookstore, but the selection in incredibly extensive.  It's the type of used bookstore you would expect to find in a much larger city.In addition, they have at least one crazy cat, and warning posters all over describing the danger of cat bites if you get too close.  I'm guessing that's mostly a joke.  Mostly.Anyway, if you haven't been you really should check it out.  You can have B&N and Borders (RIP), I'll take places like this.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,7/4/2012,143,211,3,5,3>After deciding to buy a new home while still owning one, I write my first Yelp review, after the very long and tedious wait. After a few months of being frugal, for once in my life, I told my wife it was time for our much needed date night. Of coarse she picked my favorite... sushi! I have to admit when she said lets just go somewhere local I was a little weary at first. If you read some of my earlier reviews, not only do I love sushi, but I can also be a bit over critical on sushi restaurants. I typically do not like your local downscale sushi joints. They tend to be, lets just say.... quantity over quality. I am really pleased to say that after the dinner I just had, I was completely 100% wrong. After my first few bits I looked at my wife and said "I am going to Yelp the crap out of this place when we get home".At first sight, Osaka is certainly not eye opening place, but it is certainly a diamond in the rough. In this case, great food and service in a small, older strip mall. We were definitely well greeted and well treated from the start. The restaurant wasn't super busy but it did have a good amount of people there. We sat at the sushi bar and all of the wait staff served us throughout the night. I miss that type of service from restaurants when all of the servers work as a team. The sushi chefs were extremely pleasant and were very talented as well. As soon as I started seeing the sushi coming out, it made me start to rethink my position about the food. It appeared to be quality and quantity. As usual I ordered a bunch of different rolls and appetizers. They also sent us out a couple of appetizers on the house for us to try out as well. They gave us a tuna carpaccio and a crab salad app that were both to die for. The crab salad came out on fire as very aesthetically pleasing. We also got their volcano roll, tuna trio, the godfather roll and the kiss roll. All of them not only looked amazing but also tasted out of this world. I completely loved all of them. I am not a huge fan of cream cheese in my sushi so I was only able to eat a couple pieces of the godfather but it was really good. The one huge kicker about all of the amazing sushi is that pretty much all of their rolls are under $10. That quality of food, specially for seafood is almost unheard of.Ultimately, I was happy my wife picked Osaka. I am also glad that I broke the local sushi bar stereotype as well. Certainly, I am excited that we found such a great sushi restaurant near our new house. Definitely give it a try if your east of the city one day.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,7/3/2012,50,380,3,4,3>I've been to Ri Ra more times than I can count. It is a great place to go have a pint of Guinness with some friends and some pretty decent food if you are in the mood. The inside is very dim/dark lit and that added to all of the wood used everywhere to both decorate the bar, walls, tables makes it feel very much "pub" like. While they do try and sell the traditional irish fair of Fish and Chips, Shepards pie and such I gotta admit that as much as I like this place the food could be a little better. It just feels like for the dollar amount you have to put forth (usually are 20$ a plate for dinner) you would be getting a little better quality. Also, the drafts of Guinness run at around $5.25 a piece so they are for sure running at premium price. Still though, despite its few shortcomings I would always recommend this place for a chill place to hang out and have some Guinness.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,7/2/2012,151,183,2,4,2>Meat wonderland!  I got into a pretty interesting chat with one of the workers.  Turns out the slaughtered animals are (were) treated humanely with lots of sunshine and fresh food.  It's always encouraging to know the foods you consume died happy!Although the prices are definitely on the higher range, I will definitely shell out a tab bit more to a) support a local business, b) know my cow died happy, c) get quality food.  Word on the street is that they have Groupons and other promotional happenings as well?  Gotta get on that!They have pretty legit condiments as well.  I picked up the pesto spread and dumped it into some angel hair pasta- amazing!  The beef tips are also to die for- throw it on the grill for a bit and you're set!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,7/1/2012,30,130,1,5,4>Stopped by Sushi Star last night...second visit.  Had a to-go order of sushi, noodles and gyoza.  The shrimp tempura is a family favorite and it was great!   The chicken crunchy roll was a Tuesday special...and the combination of chicken, cream cheese deep fried with crunchies was very good.  Everybody loved it.  The gyoza....dumplings filled with chicken and veggies was also very very good.  The stir fried noodles [almost angel hair thin...but a little thicker], had vegetables and chicken...simply amazing!I must go back again...later this week!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,6/30/2012,32,92,3,6,3>Since moving to Charlotte from Washington, DC, I have found very few Indian restaurants worth a revisit. The scene is surely better than it was 7 years ago when we moved down, thanks to places like Blue Taj.We've eaten here a few times and the food and service are always very good. I love their Chicken Tikka Masala, which is brighter (visually and flavor-wise)  than some versions at other nearby places. Bim is our favorite waiter, and he's always happy to suggest a new dish to try. My husband is in love with one particular dish, and I can't remember the name of it but if we sit down at Blue Taj and my husband tells Bim it's one he's recommended, it comes out right every time.The only problem with the Blue Taj is that it's a bit overpriced for dinner. It usually runs $15 per entree, plus extra for naan, and the portions are far too small for the price you pay at dinner.There is, however, a solution. Recently we've started visiting for their Sunday lunch buffet, where we can try a wider variety of items for a price that doesn't set us back quite as much. Get there early to beat the rush, and you'll find that plenty of Indian folks join you while you eat - which I have always found is the greatest sign of a fine Indian restaurant. The service is a little more spotty, because they are packed due to the fantastic value of their buffet, but the food absolutely does not suffer and we always leave stuffed and happy.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,6/29/2012,54,199,3,5,5>WOW, my first real experience with Peruvian food. I said to my wife during our meal, "where the hell has Peruvian food been all our lives?". We went in not knowing what to expect. This little place is located in a strip of stores in front of the Wal Mart in Indian Trail. Not sure how long it's been here, but I had no idea it was even here. We ordered the whole rotisserie chicken & two sides, the cilantro rice & the spicy beans. Let me tell you, there is a bunch of flavor in these dishes. I loved the spicy beans, not a lot of "heat" but really good spice. The chicken was fantastic. The topper was the sides of sauce that came with the meal. I don't know what the yellow sauce was but I think I'm now addicted to it. The cilantro rice was good but not my favorite although my wife loved it. I did try a Peruvian beer too. I'm going to have to have another of those. Then came dessert (we'd already asked for a to go box for the chicken & sides). My wife loved the tres leche. I tried the Mil Hojas, a traditional Peruvian dessert. Out of this world!! My wife and I were already talking about who we should bring with us on our next visit.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,6/28/2012,128,184,6,7,6>Why was I so stubborn?  When i first saw this place it looked a little shabby from the outside and its name, well was not so imaginative. I saw the yelp reviews and couldn't believe this place was that good. I was completely wrong.The inside of the place is so much more appealing than the outside.  Tapas style american cuisine is how I would describe this place. My friend and I asked the waitress what we should start with.  She told us the mussels were the best in Charlotte.  She wasn't far off.  Drenched in a nice smooth curry sauce the combination was unbeatable.  From there, I moved onto the scallops.  The scallops were pretty good, but the cous cous underneath was some of the best I had. Since the food was good and I'm fat I decided to order the pork tenderloin as well.  This portion was considerabley bigger and was just amazing.  The pork was cooked to perfection and the chorizo hash & chili demi really set this dish off.  I will be back and my friend has been telling me that he will be taking his girl here when she comes down.  Bottom line, looks are decieving and this place is a diamond in the rough.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,6/27/2012,7,41,1,4,3>Authentic Mexican taqueria? Nope! Paco's Tacos is unabashedly Tex-Mex fusion at its best. Shortly after opening, it became our go-to spot in South Park and hasn't fallen from its lofty perch.I honestly haven't had a bad item on the menu, but some of my favorites are the (free!) tomatillo salsa, the Shakedown Shrimp taco and the fajitas. Yes! Fajitas! These aren't your typical chain restaurant fajitas, but ones made with top notch ingredients fried in drawn Mexican butter. Oh, and don't forget about the namesake Paco's Taco, made with spice, tender beef brisket barbecue, that sums up the Tex-Mex fusion philosophy perfectly. And the margaritas are good, especially the tequila infused Firestarter. And the guacamole. And the specials. And they always have a Shiner Bock seasonal on tap. And... OK, you get the idea, right? At Paco's Taco's, it's ALL good!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,6/26/2012,26,45,,5,2>I attended the 3rd Annual American Indian Heritage Celebration presented by Many Journeys at the Charlotte Museum of History. This celebration had plenty of activities for kids and adults with hands-on crafts, free blood pressure/blood glucose health screenings from CMC, tours, free Hoop Dance workshops, and drum groups.There was supposed to be food from food vendors highlighting Native American ingredients and recipes, but they must have not have stayed all day.  Overall, I enjoyed the attempt to bring native culture to Charlotte.  Only complaint, was the lack of vendors.  There were also non-native related vendors who had booths.  For example, Thirty One Gifts had a table set up, and I felt this was a little out of place.Might return next year.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,6/25/2012,20,174,1,5,2>This newly-opened Hickory Tavern at the Met is filled with TVs! The TVs are laid out really well for watching a bunch of games or just the one you want. It should be easy to get the game on that you want. The beer list is expansive and full of new arrivals. I love that. The staff may necessarily not be beer lovers but they can help a little. Always plenty of drink specials during the week worth checking out. Pretty nice prices on drinks too.I'd definitely recommend this location for a Saturday full of hoops or March Madness when it comes.- valet available
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,6/24/2012,10,57,3,7,2>I have been searching for a local groomer because I would rather go to a local groomer than give my money to a chain pet store.  I took my dog here today and as soon as I walked into Puppy Luv I knew I made the right choice, the people were very friendly and took the time to find out exactly how I wanted my dog groomed.  When I came back they told me how my dog did with his grooming.  When they brought him out He looked great! They even had a little bandanna on him. My dog has been walking around with a new bounce in his step because of his new haircut.  I will definitely recommend Puppy Luv to all my friends with pets!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,6/23/2012,132,235,2,3,3>Haaaahaha!  This place was great.  Non-smoking, great people watching, cheap drinks and really cool people.  Great dive bar with lots of friendly folk.  Definitely will go again.  Old school jukebox that's FREE?!  AWESOME.  Simply ....awesome.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,6/21/2012,69,121,2,8,5>I've actually been going to e2 GO, the express shop on the back of the restaurant that is open during lunch each day.  Maybe this should be a separate review from the restaurant?  I'm not sure.  Anyway, I've been to e2 GO a few times now and it is quickly becoming a new favorite lunch spot!  Not only is is close to my building, but I find the service to be great, efficient, and the food is beyond delicious!  What I've picked up so far: - The Chopped Salad: Iceburg lettuce, diced prosciutto, tomatoes, mushrooms, shredded white cheddar cheese, and a creamy herb dressing.  I picked this up out of the cooler the first time I went.  Lately I haven't been eating salad dressing on my salads but WHOA!  This was really good.  Everything tasted fresh, and the flavors complimented each other really well. - Slow Cooked Pork Sandwich: A coworker had this the day they did their soft opening and after seeing it, I just had to try it!  Slow cooked pork, brown gravy, and pickles on a white artisan sandwich roll.  WOW.  Rich, decadent, and the pickles cut the flavor perfectly.  - Poached Shrimp Salad: This is exactly what you look for in a salad.  Light, chock full of healthy veggies and protein, and delicious!  Again, I couldn't resist the lemon vinaigrette.  This citrusy, peppery vinaigrette is the perfect compliment to the other flavors in the salad and is actually what makes it so delicious.  The shrimp is poached to perfection, and the chickpeas, radishes, fennel, and greens are all as fresh as you can get.   - Freshly Baked Chocolate Chip Cookies: Buy these once and you'll be hooked.  The chocolate is still gooey from the oven, and the cookies are just chewy enough.  Most of the salads and sandwiches run around $7-9, not bad for lunch.  As delicious as everything is, I have a feeling this is the start of a beautiful friendship...
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,6/20/2012,182,166,6,6,3>I had the chance to go here this past Saturday afternoon looking to grab a milkshake.  Don't ask me why I wanted a milkshake on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of January, I just did, and Mattie's seemed like the perfect place to grab one.  After walking in and taking a seat at the counter with my girlfriend, a waitress took our order - strawberry milkshake with whipped cream.  All I can tell you folks, is that this is the best milkshake I've had in a long, long time.  It was the perfect consistency, not runny, but not so thick so that it couldn't be enjoyed via a straw. I'm not gonna lie, it took much longer than I would've expected to prepare a simple strawberry milkshake.  But it wasn't until I saw the waitress putting strawberries into the blender that I realized what the hold-up was.  YES, they actually make their milkshakes with REAL STRAWBERRIES folks!I've been to Mattie's a few other times after concerts at the Fillmore.  As I remember, their burgers where pretty good, although my stomach definitely wasn't too good the next morning.  Either way, this review isn't about the new Music Factory, the vast amounts of free parking or even the friendly service.  This review is all about the milkshake baby and it starts and stops at delicious!!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,6/19/2012,25,251,8,13,11>As soon as we finished eating here, we drove home, I ran into the house, opened up my laptop to write this review.  That's how sublime this meal at Genaro's was! I have a new obsession...the chicken, plantains and tres leches cake.  Read on, fair Yelper.  Read on. On the outside, the restaurant didn't look too impressive.  Inside, it was super clean and diner-like, complete with a row of stools and a counter to eat at, and a cake case.  (More on the cake case later.) Oh, and the modern white light fixtures make the space look classy!Here's what we had: Passion Fruit Juice: Made in-house and delicious!  Pure passion fruit, no strange pink color.  Just the juice and what I guess is water and sugar.  Chicha Morada: Our server was so awesome, and after we sang the praises of the passion fruit, he brought us little samples of this Peruvian drink.  We were told it's fresh made from corn and fruits and cinnamon.  Sounds strange...looks like wine, but tastes like...a fruity, spiced fall drink.  Really refreshing over ice.  My husband ended up ordering the full-sized one. Shrimp and Avocado Appetizer: Think of a dreamy creamy shrimp salad, scooped into two avocado halves.  Really refreshing and fresh tasting. Served with a hard boiled egg. Peruvian Corn: This corn made me laugh...it looked like a puffed up mutant of a regular ear of corn!  The kernels were ginormous...about the size of a small marble, or Trident White gum. The corn itself is strange in that it doesn't taste like corn...more like a starchy potato.  But it was nice to scoop cheesy sauce over it, and have it as a side.  Genaro's Salad: What's cool about this salad, is the mix of veggies in this salad.  It's got some spring mix and iceberg lettuce, but then beets and some carrots and avocado and cucumber...I think I saw a green bean too.  It comes with this green, I think cilantro dressing, and comes in a taco shell bowl.  What a flavorful mix. Sample Platter (For 2, but could be for 4!): This was HUGE and fantastic.  Forgive me if I forget something, but it included half a rotisserie chicken, 8 ounces of steak, 10 ounces of pork, two different sausages, and two sauces.  The chimmichuri (sp?) is THE BOMB!  I mean fresh, savory flavor explosion!  The chicken is by far the best roast chicken preparation I've ever had.  Juicy and flavorful. My favorite meat.  The pork was very tender too, as was the steak. Cilantro Rice: Great side to go with meat!Plantains: I agree with Victoria S.  The plantains aren't cookie cutter looking, and are fried just right and caramelized.  My husband and friend took down the first order, and got a second plate, they were that yummy. The kicker.  THE TRES LECHES CAKE.  Holy cow.  I dream of this cake and want this as my birthday cake.  Every day.  Yes,  everyday shall be my birthday because of this cake.  My friend Keith was taking a spoonful, and I grabbed my spoon and knocked the cake out from under him and ate it!  (Half jokingly!) The cake is moist, and topped with, yes, a marshmallow like topping, and smothered in another milky condensed milk-like liquid.  It's so purely milky, it's like eating a carton of whole, sweetened, fresh milk.  I'm dying.  I'm dying right now.  The only thing I recommend doing...is ask your server which desserts are made in-house.  Obviously this cake.  However, the chocolate cake, I'm 90% positive looks from Costco.  Our server was great and said the tres leches is the best, so we went with that one.  Every server we encountered here was kind and helpful and made us Peruvian-food virgins feel comfortable and excited about coming back.  Next time, I'm picking up a whole chicken to bring home for dinner!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,6/18/2012,37,69,5,6,4>Fantastic meal with impeccable service and decor that would leave Alphonse Mucha green with envy.Confronted with a hunger and desire to take advantage of restaurant week, we showed up on a Friday night around 5 without a reservation and was--amazingly--able to get a seat at a small table in the bar area.Bread, service, and water came quickly from the attentive and friendly staff. After ordering we were attended to just the right amount: not too pushy, yet not absent.While enjoying the bread, which is fabulously fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside, we soaked in the ambiance: romantically lite room, beautiful woodwork, and mesmerizing back-lit vines.For the first course, we shared two salads, the goat cheese  and the grilled grape. Both are fantastic. I particularly enjoyed the blue cheese vinaigrette on the grilled grape, which only hints at its blue cheese roots.Next, we had the (famous) buttermilk fried chicken and vegetarian cous cous. Again, both were wonderful. The chicken was slightly battered and fried, which was a refreshing contrast to to more traditional fried chicken. The cous cous is a cornucopia of veggies and, well cous cous, in a light tangy sauce that I couldn't get enough of. Both are highly recommended.Finally, dessert involved sharing a walnut and pecan pie (delicious, but I like my desserts like I like my chocolate--with chocolate) and a chocolate (yay!) bread pudding. The latter earned a paragraph unto itself.Through years of diligent research, I've reached the conclusion that many chocolaty cake desserts are a let down. They are either not moist enough, too sweet, not sweet enough, too much, or just not satisfying. Yet still, time after time, I trepidatiously order the chocolate whatever in hopes that somehow, this time would be different. Usually, I am let down. However, this time at Carpe Diem it was different: this was the perfect mix of chocolaty goodness delivered via an appropriately moist vehicle for facilitating the devouration (yes, I just made that word up) of said chocolatly goodness (the bread pudding). I realize my error has always been relying on the traditional 'cake' delivery method. No longer. If ever you get the chance, you need to devourate (oops, I did it again) this chocolate bread puddingIn a final note, there is the bar area and the official dining area. We actually preferred the bar area on account of the lighting and more intimate nature of the experience. Still, the dining area has beautifully crafted art nouveau woodwork, a flower centerpiece, and wonderful artwork. I would return just to admire the place.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,6/17/2012,12,92,1,6,3>I am in love with Midwood Smokehouse! We just moved to Charlotte and after a day of moving furniture with my family and friends we were in some serious need of food. I did a quick yelp search and decided to head over and pick up food for all of the helpers! Came in and placed a large to-go order consisting mostly of pulled pork sandwiches, which everyone enjoyed. The best part was all of the different sides! I think that we were able to try most of the options but the stars were the mac-n-cheese, the bacon wrapped jalapenos and the potato salad. It was even super delicious the following day when we reheated the leftovers!!I do have to give a special thanks to the bartender who went through the bag to verify all of our food was included before we left. Had he not we would have been one sandwich short and that would not have been good! So, thanks for being so thorough! Fast forward 2 weeks, the house is all unpacked and my husband and I are craving the BBQ again. This time we decided to actually eat in. The service was top notch and the food amazing. I stuck with the pulled pork and the husband went with the special which was a brisket taco with spicy slaw (SO GOOD!!!). We were both really happy with our choices and left full, with to go cups for our iced teas. I always think this is nice, especially after a big meal like BBQ! I will def be returning and even as I'm writing this review, I'm wondering if I will be able to convince the hubs to go tonight!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,6/16/2012,66,101,1,7,6>Trust the Yelp.  Respect the Yelp.  Learn from the Yelp.You guys.  I could have chosen any Auto Bell in the city, really.  But I chose the one on South Blvd. because of all the 5 star reviews, and can I just tell you - these people know what's up.  This was the absolute best customer service experience I've had in quite some time.Let me start by first saying that I am a complete and total slob and a half.  My car was disgusting, inside and out.  I cleaned it before I got there, and it was still gross.  Enter the staff at Auto Bell.  This dude didn't just take my money and say "wait here until it's done".  He talked over my options regarding carpet cleaning, and actually gave me an honest opinion on whether or not it was worth it, and how effective the shampoo would be.  Very much appreciated.  After I decided on a service, I plopped down and waited for my car to be finished (8am on a Wednesday is a good time to get your car washed, FYI - no line).They finished the car (great job, btw - and was very much what I expected).  But, here's where the over-the-top customer service came in.  After I checked out the cleaning job, the staff told me that they noticed that my back left tire was a bit flat.  Instead of just letting me know and sending me on my way, they went a step further and had one of the guys follow me to the Shell station nearby (with money from the register, no less), and filled up my tire with air and checked the pressure for me!  That was a wowsers moment, right there.  This guy was so nice, and so friendly, and so very helpful.That is how customer service should be everywhere.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,6/15/2012,155,972,3,5,5>The food was very good! I ordered the sourdough BLT and my husband had the beet ravioli. The little slices of cheese sprinkled throughout my fries was a delicious touch! Yummy! I love the supporting of local farm to table mission that Table 274 strives for (extra star for this alone); however, they should probably make that more pronounced on their menus (I only know from their website).The location is tucked away behind Salsaritas and Blu Basil where Charley's used to be. They have two patio sections out front, which is nice. The one main distraction was the mall music. It's a separate system from theirs and you can tell. We jammed out to 50s tunes and it made it feel more like a retirement area. Maybe they can ask for it to be turned off because it made the rest of the experience feel a tad disconnected.The service was very good as well. Hopefully they stay busy since it's a large building and not too many people were there for lunch. Go. Support local. Enjoy.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,6/14/2012,61,127,5,10,6>No one believes me when I tell them one of the best wine bars in Charlotte is in downtown Matthews, just a few yards from the library and town hall. On this very unsuspecting avenue of whitewashed clapboard is the Black Chicken, one of my favorite spots to unwind.Owner Jason has outdone himself fashioning together this comfortable, warm wine room that features unstained wood shelves, a natural wood community table with stools that let you get to know your neighbor, a small bar and a few tables outside. He features a large by-the-glass menu of at least a dozen bottles that rotate each week, filled with names you've seen before and a few new finds that are sure to impress. You can also buy a bottle from the stacks, which contain a treasure-trove of some of the best wines from around the world. For the beer drinker, there is a small assortment of fine craft and imports, too. To top it all off, nothing is astronomically priced like many wine bars can be. If you can't decide what to pick, just ask Jason's opinion; he is incredibly knowledgeable and can help you find just the right bottle.Black Chicken is what Matthews has been missing for quite a while. Stop in and have a glass, meet some of his many regulars, and be prepared to become one yourself.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,6/13/2012,146,260,7,8,7>This place has got soul! Too cheesy? It's okay just keep reading it gets better I promise. I just had to! Originally this was going to be a 5 star review but after a prompt return visit the hostess's bitchiness and ineptitude caused me to take away a star. More on that later. Buckle up kids this is going to be a long review.I probably have to give Soul the award for some of the most creative and tastiest cuisine I've ever had in Charlotte. Yes it's that good. Even when you order something that sounds fairly normal, they managed to give it a creative twist. I'm so appreciative of that! The interior is very small, crowded and very loud. So be prepared for a long wait sometimes, especially since they don't take reservations. But the staff is nice without being over the top, and water refills are kept up. I especially like that they serve it with cucumber instead of the usual lemon. I never like the taste of lemon in water, but I do love the flavor a slice of cucumber can infuse!My first trip here I went with tuna sashimi tacos, an amazing duck confit pasta topped with crispy sweetbreads and foie gras, and grilled toast topped with wild mushrooms and a fried egg with a Dijon vinaigrette. Finished with last but not least goat cheese ice cream. This meal contained probably some of the best things I've ever eaten anywhere in Charlotte. Lets start with the tuna tacos, I've had something similar to this dish while I was in Cali, it was a deconstructed fish taco and so I was excited to find it here! It did not disappoint at all! The guacamole was flavorful and added dimension and fattiness to the tuna while the fried wonton wrapper gave it a lovely crunch, yum.Next up came the duck confit pasta, now if the last dish was awesome this would qualify as a masterpiece. The duck confit paired with the delivered such amazing flavors that this dish could have easily fit into a high class restaurant. The foie gras' earthiness and richness complemented the pasta and gave it amazing depth of flavor, while the crispy sweetbreads brought the whole dish together some much needed texture. This dish is best eaten in small amounts though because it had such a rich, luxurious mouthfeel I felt quite sated after finishing half of the plate.The last savory course of the evening was grilled wild mushrooms with a dijon vinaigrette over charred toast and topped with a fried egg. I wasn't even going to get this dish because I was quite full but I saw the table next to us get it and I had to have it. I thought this dish was the most balanced of the night with complex flavors and textures melding together in glorious harmony. Just get the thing and you'll be singing it's praises too.Feeling like an overstuffed plush at this point, I decided to go all in and order the goat cheese ice cream. You could taste the grassiness of the goat cheese and the ice cream felt surprisingly low fat which surprised me. I think I'd prefer it if the flavor kicked me in the face next time like *WHAM* that's goat cheese alright! and maybe make the ice cream a bit more decadent? I just feel like you want to go all out for dessert and this let me down a bit.The music here is very very very loud. I couldn't hear what my dining partner about a foot away was saying, I almost contemplated just texting each other across the table. The hostess the first time was perfectly nice, but my second time was so rude, unfriendly, and nasty that I just took my business elsewhere. For such excellent food though I'll brave all these missteps and take my chances.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,6/12/2012,154,294,1,10,7>Forget Pho Real (because it's not good and worth it) this restaurant is the best pho restaurant near my house. This is the restaurant I would go to if I had a craving for pho, and because I basically live right next to a string of pho restaurants I get to have a picking. Ben Thanh is right next door and I have tried both, so you can say I have experience of which one is better.Coming in here, the dining area is basically an extended hallway. Tables line right next to the windows and in the back, there are bathrooms. I remember back back in the day when I was a youngling, there used to be an arcade and my brother and I would go and play Galatica. Darn Aliens! Anyways, since the years have passed there have been several owners and now it's nicer and cleaner.I usually order either Goi Cuon (Fresh spring rolls) or Cha Gio (Fried spring rolls) along with my Dac Biet (Pho with basically everything in it). The reason why I say this place is better than most Pho restaurants is because:1. It's cheap. Pho, shouldn't be expensive.2. The amount you get is well worth the money. The amount of noodles compared to other places is a huge difference. If you get the largest size, I guarantee you'll be full. In comparison to other places where the portions are so ridiculous, even if you order their largest size you're still hungry after.3.  The broth and quality of the soup. Yes, maybe some other places have a better broth, but lets face it... We're here for the noodles and everything else that comes with it, not the soup. However, the soup does flavor the noodles and gives the overall dish its umph. But, if there's more soup than noodles that's where the problem lies.So you must be wondering what Dac Biet is. Dac Biet is basically Pho (thin rice noodles) and inside the broth comes the meats. Of course there's different types of meats you can order, but Dac Biet is basically a combination of all the meats. So Tripe, Meatballs, Tendon, Beef Flank, etc. There's a good amount of meat in this, which is why I crave it so.Overall, this place is delicious. An Hoa is a hole in the wall type of place, but you know what that means. They have best stuff, well at least around this area. (For the South Side, look for my review of Saigon Palace) But overall, if you're in the area and craving for Pho come here and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,6/11/2012,92,370,2,8,5>It is what it is, but what it is, is great.  This new bar literally is a whole in the wall.  But its quite convenient for the area and a great spot for a quick drink.The only way you'll probably find this place is if your walking from the main parking lot of the music factory to the entrance of Bask, Butter, The Saloon and such.  Its on the corner where seaboard takes a hard turn.The only other place you can get a reasonably priced beer in this complex is at VBGB, which is also a great spot, but not so great for a quicky beer.  Small bar has $2 beers at all times.  Last night it was can's of Rolling Rock and pints of lionheart.  $3 22's of PBR and $4 22's of Budweiser products ain't to bad of a deal either.  They also have a nice booze selection, but didn't ask if there were any specials on all that.All in all, my first line said it the best.  Check it out, it comes in handy, but its not where I'm gonna spend my Saturday night.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,6/9/2012,170,55,11,6,5>As an Indian, I would be lying to you if I said that Copper exemplifies traditional Indian cuisine. If I may be so bold, I would conclude that Copper's unique and cultural references make it a hot spot for the best fusion-style Indian cooking that I've been to in awhile. To give you some context, the way we eat Indian food back home is with our HANDS, fingers covered in butter chicken gravy, and pieces of chana masala stuck in between our teeth - all washed down by homemade raita and mango lassi. Never will you see Murgh Tikka or  Sheekh Kebab presented to you on contemporary bowls and platters the way it's done here. At these prices, I could probably buy a goat or three in India given current market conditions. From a taste standpoint, the flavors are certainly all there. They MUST have an Indian in the kitchen.... right next to a mixologist throwing masalas everywhere. "I know! How about Tandoori-spiced-cherry glazed duck confit in a soy-mushroom-black cumin broth with a parsnip-kale fricasse?!" (actual menu item) Dude, you just mixed 10 different nationalities together! Stick to your day job! Even so, from what I tasted, everything was surprisingly delicious and the complexities of each dish were visible and apparent from the outset all the way to the last bite. I also enjoyed the fact that there was portion control in a country with a struggling waist line, which allowed us to try numerous dishes and not feel overwhelmed. All in all, good food, good atmosphere, but don't expect your "curry" to be the kind you get in Mumbai or Delhi :P4/5
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,6/8/2012,6,76,5,5,2>As a manic yet guilty meat-eater, I've been on a 10-year plan to become a vegetarian for about 20 years now.  Haven't made too much progress but Fern gives me hope to "win the future" (that's a tag line I came up with recently, Obama stole it).  The roasted vegetable panini was out of this world - eggplant, zucchini, a delicious mozzarella cheese on a soft roll.  It came with a side (I got the quinoa salad) for $9 and it was a huge sandwich.  We also tried the Indian tacos, and as the other reviewers have said, they were great.  Also a huge portion and we had leftovers.  The "hush puppies" - we started with these and they were tremendous - melt in your mouth awesomeness.Good beer selection and then they have a whole array of specialty juices.  I guess juicing (legally) is all the rage nowadays.  People spend like $500 on juicers and supposedly after a week of juicing, people who are unhealthy and about to die become health gods.  We didn't try it, but maybe next time.Great location in Plaza Midwood, across the street from Bistro La Bon.  You might need to park in the big lot in front of Family Dollar and cross busy Central Avenue, but it's worth it.  Just don't do it while talking on a cell phone - we saw some girl do this and she dropped her bag and then she almost got hit by a car.Other items that sounded incredible were the bruschetta appetizer and the Buddha bowl.  You'll have to go to Fern to find out what's in it.  Nice people working there - very helpful and attentive.  This place has been open for a few days and they already had a wait on Friday night.Great addition to Charlotte.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,6/7/2012,4,113,1,8,2>Winner, winner, chicken dinner!Loved it!   Fabulous chicken breast pita and the fries are fabulous.   The tzatziki was perfectly garlicky and complimented the fresh red onions and tomatoes so well.  The pita was soft and warm.   My husband, who kindly picked up for us today, had the chicken kebab.  Loved it!  Our baby ate the hummus and pita with great joy.  We are instant fans.  So glad to have a new go-to spot in Blakeney with high quality fresh food!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,6/6/2012,18,58,1,5,4>I grew up with bakeries all around me; so, it has been nice to find something that reminds me of all of those baked childhood goodies I enjoyed so much. Nona's has a wide array of cookies, cakes, candies, and other select baked goods.  I have not had a poorly made item from their bakery yet - and I visit frequently.  I have found the quality to be very high.  Aside from the hand made chocolates, my favorite thing to get is the Bravarian cream filled eclair.  They are light, yet rich, and have a texture that makes everything come together perfectly.Other pluses include the pleasant staff and the fact that this is not a massive chain.  This place is family owned and run and I think that is a good thing.If I were to improve one thing, it would only be the cafe area they have added.  I think the idea is great:  stay and have a coffee or cocoa while you have some goodies.  But it needs to be less cafeteria like and more cozy and inviting.Keep up the good work Nona!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,6/5/2012,39,60,3,5,3>Came here recently with a group of 9 on a Thursday night to celebrate a birthday.  At first when entering the place looked dead on the first floor bar area where you enter.  Once we were led upstairs we realized pretty much all the tables were full.  The place stayed pretty busy until we left at around 10.  I really liked the decor and feel, rustic but still modern.  Most of us in the group had been to their other location so we knew pretty much what to expect.  However this time we all agreed that the food was better than we remembered.  I think that is a great sign for a second location that hasn't been open long.  Service was pretty good, they gave us time to order and the food came out pretty quick.  We had been drinking so we were a little loud and slow but it did not phase the staff much.  There were a couple times we needed something and it a look a few minutes to find one of the two people helping our table, but we didn't mind.  All of the food I tried was well seasoned/sauced and cooked nicely.  I started with a special for the day, fried green tomatoes with rock shrimp.  The shrimp tasted fresh and the sauce tied everything together well.  For dinner I had mussels which also tasted fresh and were served with a broth that was real good but I can't remember what was in it.  I also got the opportunity to try the hanger steak which was juicy and accompanied by a tasty sauce, the wings which are always solid, and the dessert given to the birthday girl, a coconut cake which was quickly consumed by everyone.  Can't wait to return.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,6/4/2012,87,175,3,4,4>I went here for a Friday lunch break from work and was pleasantly surprised.  We sat out of the back porch that was conveniently placed under two huge oak trees that keeps you cool and in the shade.  They have a huge patio area with a section for cornhole.  The service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait.  I got the blackened grill chicken sandwich and it was excellent.  I swear the fries were stolen from Five Guys and they were delicious.  Inside was a little touristy but had a solid comfy feeling.  I wonder what the night life atmosphere is like..  Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,6/3/2012,126,906,,8,1>Been here when it was Vinnie's, but finally got around to coming back to try it under its new name:  Finz.  Parking is sort of a nightmare depending on what night you go on.  This particular night, it wasn't so much busy, it's just that the people the parked before did not make an effort to stay in their spaces.  In a tight parking lot, this is detrimental.  We did manage to find a space.Upon walking in, we were warmly greeted and seated right away.  They were having trivia on a Tuesday night.  It was almost halfway in so we figured it had started pretty early (7 or 7:30).I honestly couldn't remember what the Vinnie's dining room setup looked like, but the current Finz set up was cozy and casual.  The menu was pretty extensive - took a while to read through, but had lots of options.  You can get anything from a decently priced sandwich to a sizable seafood dinner (with items at market prices).There was a yelp check-in special where we got 6 free wings.  Our waitress was super nice and gave them to us... a little while later, the manager wanted to see my phone, but no problems.It was Shrimp night on Tuesdays so I got a basket.  They were breaded nicely and not too greasy.... they came with a tartar dipping sauce and I chose a baked potato as my side.  I was pretty satisfied with my meal and would come back to order it again.  The wings we got were good - decided to try the parmesan garlic wings.  Light on the sauce (in a good way) they proved to be tasty - I'm sure the other flavors probably would have had more kick to them, but they were cooked nicely.Overall, Finz gets a solid 4 from me.  Matthews is lucky to have a place like this that is centrally located and easy to get to.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,6/2/2012,55,94,3,8,4>The old Cross Road (aka Carowinds) Mall. I think the only thing left from it's previous incarnation is the old Hamrick's (and that's a review all unto itself about how it reminds me of old, country, 80's, Sears stores). But, from what I understood, the Cross Roads mall suffered a slow and painful death and Plaza Fiesta came to try to revive it.I don't know if it did though. For the most part the place is pretty deserted outside the main playground/food court area. The layout is a simple grid of large vertical hallways and smaller horizontal ones. The large ones have names like Avenue of the American while the little ones each have the name of a Spanish-speaking country.They hallways have a variety of stores that range from ethnic eateries/pastries, shoe stores, hispanic/latin products, cell phones, sound equipment, Quinceañera dresses, knock off clothing, brand clothing, and others. The anchors, untraditionally, include Hamrick's, a Tae Kwon Do schoo, and a small Latin grocery store, a Van Heusen Outlet and a Cowboy Clothing store. One of the most unique stores though is definitely the Botanica, which specializes in Latin American folk medicine, religious candles and statuary, amulets, and other products culturally regarded as magical or lternative medicine. Strolling the hallways is a very interesting way to spend a Sunday afternoon once or twice... but after that, you've pretty much seen it all and the fascination wears off.The food court is really good. They have some pretty unique eateries here that you won't find in any other mall. They have a Mexican restaurant with pretty traditional Mexican food (not really dishes though, more like tacos, subs, sopes, etc), A Ceviche stand, a Greek restaurant and others.The food court also houses the biggest/tallest indoor playground in the Southeast. Our kids LOVE this thing. It's like a massive hamster maze with slides. If you have kids, try it out. It's a pretty cool concept. You buy your kids a bracelet and you throw them in the fenced-in, round-the-cloock guarded playground. The kids are not allowed out unless their bracelet matches yours. So, short of someone from the Colombian black market chopping your hand off, you're pretty safe to get your kids back... whether you want to or not. Their arcade is pretty awesome as well, a little pricey, but unlike most other places that still have arcade rooms, all the games work!!!They also have special rooms to hold parties. Becky and I have held two parties here, one for Girl 1 and one for Boy 3. We were fortunate enough to get great service from the girls who run the arcade/party room and the parties were a success at a very reasonable price.They used to have a Latin-themed music store... but that went out of business. Which sucks cuz they also carried some awesome books in Spanish that you can't really get anywhere in Charlotte.It does seem like the mall is flailing though. Stores seem to appear and disappear every time  you go and customers are scant at best. I do not know if this is going to last much longer but it seems the only business they get is on weekend. I could be wrong.I enjoy coming here and bringing the kids. Hopefully they'll be around for while.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,6/1/2012,47,96,4,8,5>my review is not gonna thrill you, but i hope to add a little assurance to any hint of doubt you may have of this place. yes, yes, yes. the gnocchi is legen-wait for it-dary. while some may find it's supreme softness (like a potato pillow, if you will) slightly off-putting--know this. i married into an italian family. one which grew up on real italian food. one which has visited their homeland quite a few times and been to numerous restaurants that serve "authentic" gnocchi. this is the real deal, and this is how it's s'posed to be. can you dig?! anyhoo, if you are lucky enough to get the gnocchi they make with butternut squash--do it! it's outstanding. oh yeah, and it has pancetta. which is like bacon. which is like food from the gods. they have another special that my husband dreams about. it's the pistachio (?) encrusted lamb chops. or something like that. i had a nibble, and it's pretty much cooked to perfection. i love the coziness of the place, and i love how they change it up and make you practically swoon all week waiting for tuesday. if you get on their email list too, you get the scoop on what's going on at the restaurant as far as special menu and even gnocchi-making classes. seriously, how could you go wrong here?
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,5/31/2012,20,44,3,9,3>This is a GEM!  Tucked away in a shopping center, most people would drive by without even considering going inside.  What a mistake! This is a great place to get your traditional and authentic German foods.  They have a deli case full of German meats as well as some foods that are difficult to procure at a standard grocery store.They offer a traditional dish each and every day in addition to their standard lunch menu consisting of various sandwiches.  The owners are their daily and offer great customer service as well as friendly advice on the various products that they have to offer.  By far the BEST value for the food that you get!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,5/30/2012,102,232,9,4,5>Looking for a fun place to party with your canine friends?! Grab your leash and drag your human down to the dog bar because this place is all about us: the dogs!Leave that string of restraint at the door and let loose your inner puppy that the humans won't let you do at home. (No running in the house Fido! Scratching up my bamboo floors...) But you can run here! Have a ball of a time with the regular pals and meet some new guys and gals too. Keep it clean - any bar fights and they'll boot you to the curb and tie you to a sign alone! (Same applies for the humans!) Go anywhere you like and literally "go" anywhere you like - the floors can handle it. (Sorry humans, this only applies to the dogs - it's a sign you've had one too many!)Water is around by the bucket! (Spirits by the bucket-load for humans!) Space caters to canines for wrestling matches, rope tug-o-war and some light fetch. But it might be a good idea to stay "in bounds" inside the fences. Watch out for the little humper - we all know he's trying to make up for his size with a little bit of a domination Napoleon complex. And be sure to give any human that dares to walk in here food-in-hand the group stare down because they just ought to know better! Teasing us dogs that way... Most of all just have a dog-on good ol' time because that keeps the humans hanging ten with beer in hand. (See it can be good fun for all!)
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,5/29/2012,56,401,4,14,4>Sila Thai is a great lunch spot for those of us that love Thai food. The food here is traditional Thai. The decor looks like many Thai restaurants I've been to. It has that...we're in transition with our decorating look...which we all know...is the look of almost all the Thai restaurants we've been to. I had the Pad Thai and have to say, it was exactly what traditional Pad Thai tastes like. I loved that they bring you a hot and sour soup as an appetizer, it was delicious and the tofu was firm but flavorful. I enjoyed that the Pad Thai came with a miniature spring roll and a little red cabbage on the side. The hot scale goes from one to five stars. I got a major head shake of "no" when I even asked how hot the five stars was. I ordered the four star...and my sinuses are completely cleaned out. I would recommend three stars for most people.Lastly, the service was attentive and very fast. My water stayed full...which is a huge factor for me at Thai restaurants. If you're not familiar with Thai food...I'd do a little homework before you go here. This is not a restaurant owned by born-and-raised Americans...so the conversation is going to be limited.Very happy to have you in Rock Hill Sila. I hope you do well!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/28/2012,140,70,6,10,8>Ohhh DD Peckers - the Wednesday night trivia SPOT.  The owner, Justin, is a riot.  This place has a dive feel with KILLER wings - just make sure you get them well done! NOM.  Everything is good though - fried pickes, salads, cheese fries, you name it.As for trivia night - every Wednesday at 8:30PM.  Get there a little early to get a seat and order some grub.Just an age warning - the trivia is raunchy and oh so fun.  Don't bring your kids.  Come to get your drink on, relax and have a good laugh with Justin on the mic.This place is a blast.  Definintely recommend checking it out!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,5/27/2012,74,148,4,5,4>When you know grandma is in the back cooking, it's definitely legit. Good eats, good service, small space. I recommend the samosa, garlic naan, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka & scallop masala. Can't go wrong with anything. Haven't tried their "Indian" hot but I hear it's HOT HOT HOT. Good luck.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,5/26/2012,112,23,2,7,2>I love Lell and her merry band of misfits.  They source everything local and make from scratch their products daily.  It's the reason behind most of the prices--you have to understand how the food system works to know that good food isn't subsidized.  That's a talk for another day though.Lell is Lell, and her store is her own.  She doesn't take amendments or inanity sitting down and she'll give you her opinion if you give her yours.  You've been warned.Enough about the background, if you fall in love with Lell and her fare you'll never be steered wrong.  Knowing her I can enter the establishment and just say sweet or savory and she'll make me something up that always thrills me.  Her menu is always in flux based on demand and local supplies, no maters in the winter and the chicken salad is cheapest in the early Summer.  It's all commodities which means availability and Mother Nature often has a role in it.For breakfast I am never wrong when I go with the 66 Pileup; potatoes, cheese, green chills, eggs, sour cream, bacon--hot damn it's good.  Sometimes I want something sweeter and her french toast slathered in honey does me right.  Lately (due to the Summer) she's been siding me with local figs with a sweetened sour cream and honey--man it's a great way to clean the palate.  Watch out though for the days she serves a cheese grit casserole! Make you full for the entire day.If you're a coffee geek she sources Intelligentsia Black Cat for her espresso and there is usually a well qualified barista pulling shots. No super-wrong-auto here; ask for it your way and you'll get it.  (Traditional Integrated from the big Jeezy is spot on)For lunch it's hard not to go for chicken salad when it's there; adding bacon might be pricy but it's worth it.  Watch her make the bacon sometime and ask her about it, she'll tell you down to the pig whom it came from if she has a moment.  We all luv bacon.  The salads are also great but that's my wife's ordering dept.Her deserts are crafted in house whether it's the oatmeal cream cookies, ganache covered cheesecakes, etc.  She also sources from my family bringing Rock Hill some much needed The Secret Chocolatier love.Rock Hill is not an easy place to work such a restaurant.  She started the place with a passion to serve the community and worked for a few years to get this establishment off the ground by way of a community supported restaurant program and some loving donors.  The cities utilities don't make it easy (their markup is insane) but with luck and hard work she'll continue growing and evolving finding her way.Like any place that does it form scratch while supporting the local agriculture and economy she deserves a good shake and I hope you'll go in and become a fan of hers for life. Maybe we'll cross paths one morning!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,5/25/2012,81,304,1,4,3>Thus far this has been the most complete museum experience I've had in Charlotte.  Even for two total NASCAR noobs, the museum is fun, engaging and interactive.  You start with a brief video that outlines the history of NASCAR, and then move forward into the exhibits.  Of course there's lots of memorabilia, gear and automobiles on display, but the standout would be the many activity-based exhibits.  With your Hard Card, you can compete against family, friends and strangers in trivia contests, simulator rides, pit crew competitions, penalty scoring and refereeing, and many of the other behind-the-scenes sort of aspects of NASCAR racing.  There are one or two of these stations where you do have to sit and listen to a video or computer explanation for a while before you can actually start interacting, so if you have the patience you earn the points.What was really impressive to me is how much time you end up spending here, again even as NASCAR nonenthusiasts.  The place is so interactive that hours pass and the only thing that might snap you out of it is a rumbly in your tumbly.  As someone else mentioned, it's a bit much for little bitty kids, but your school aged kids should have a good time. Oh, and if you're a Bank of America customer, bring your card in on the first weekend of each month when admission is *!FREE!* for cardholders!  Yeah that aspect of it probably made everything seem even better to me.  Totally a fun place to go.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,5/24/2012,34,49,3,4,2>Football is king at Towne Tavern, and the brother princes of hockey, basketball and baseball vie for the crown throughout the year. Their court is comprised of raucous crews of kids eating for free on Tuesday nights and rogue interlopers consuming regular drink specials. Their lovely pedestal-seated princess is the most glorious ranch dressing in all of the land, who is often attacked by guerilla French fries who want her all to themselves.Decorated in traditional sports bar regalia, but focusing on the far away upstate New York and neighboring New England teams, Towne Tavern has a visible love for the refugees of cruelly cold winters. They come to Towne Tavern to eat, drink and reminisce about their homeland, and cheer for the Carolina teams on the side.Towne Tavern's menu is highlighted by their burgers and sandwiches, and their surprising level of quality salads, which are high in dark green lettuce content rather than iceberg, as many restaurants of that plane push.Service is inconsistent at TT at times; however, not such that it stops us from eating there.  Takeout orders sometimes take longer than they should to appear; so much so that it has occurred to me to wonder if it is done purposely so that those waiting at the bar for meals to go will order another beer.Overall, it is a solid place to eat, and is a staple restaurant in Fort Mill for upstate New York transplants and natives alike.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,5/23/2012,5,58,,9,1>I am very particular about my dogs and I really trust Lori C. at this shop. She is always helpful and kind to my pups (especially the geriatric one). While I know it is a bit nerve-racking for my pampered pups to be put in a crate, bathed, blown dry and clipped for their beautiful cuts, they are always happy, healthy, and unharmed when I pick them up. They have been helpful, flexible and accommodating. My dogs look and smell great after a day at Dog Salon!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,5/22/2012,117,303,,5,1>I have to say that I'm agreeing more and more with the people who say that OMB should stick to the purity laws for their staple beers and offer more of a variety of other beers.  The reason the purity laws began in the first place was so that brewers wouldn't add a whole bunch of filler and cheap ingredients to their beer.  Now, when microbreweries add stuff to a beer, it's for flavor, not filler.  I know most of the local breweries get along well, but people are almost always going to go where there are more choices. I'm not necessarily inclined to always go back to OMB for the same 3-5 beers I've already had. I say they should offer their "pure" beers and start experimenting with others.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,5/21/2012,32,84,,2,3>I went to Dandelion Market when it first opened and was incredibly packed. I was happy to try it again on a recent Monday night when it was much calmer, but by no means dead. The space is really nice and quaint inside, but what really impressed me was the service--from the people greeting me at the door to our very personable waiter, the service was really spot-on. I was also a bit sheepish bringing my 9-month old with me, as this place doesn't strike me as very baby-friendly, but the staff were very accommodating and immediately found a high chair for her. Of the tapas plates we tried, the best were the sliders and the shrimp and grits. My friends got the mussels, and they looked amazing. The stuffed zucchini was good, but not a stand-out. DM had a great beer special Monday night--$3 pints--which most of my party enjoyed, and everyone seemed impressed with the beer list. For a nice afterwork dinner, this place is really top-notch.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,5/20/2012,10,122,1,9,2>While I have never actually been in Las Delicias, I was at a company Christmas party at 3 Amigos, and Las Delicias catered all our desserts for the evening. All I have is two words for ya, TRES LECHES. Wow, this was possibly the best cake I have ever eaten in my life. Perfectly fluffy, light, and super rich all at the same time. Absolutely would go here just for that alone.They also made a full flan dessert for us. While I am not personally a fan of flan, everyone else raved about it. To finish it off we had guava empanadas. Wow, were those good. The perfect amount of sweetness.Gracias Las Delicias!!!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,5/19/2012,62,114,,5,3>All you can eat sushi bar for lunch is the best one in Charlotte.  The fish is fresh, the miso is delicious, and the atmosphere is loud and overwhelming.Rusan's has been a staple in Charlotte for years, and it's easy to see why.  Walking into the place you're greeted with loud sushi chefs yelling at each other in Japanese a bustling crowd - a tell tale sign of fresh ingredients - and tons of fresh fish.One surprising gem to look out for is the art on the walls.  Really nice stylized modern work by Rusan - I'm assuming to be the owner of the joint.  Who knew the guy could not only put together a sweet sushi place, but slap some paint on a canvas??The best value they offer, as I mentioned earlier, is the lunch buffet.  For around $11 after tip you can bank on the fact that you'll be so full and groggy at 2:30pm, you'll have to leave the office or get a cup of coffee.  Don't forget to grab one of those bite sized pieces of cake at the end of the bar for dessert - really good!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,5/18/2012,137,460,,4,1>This is a nice boutique where I like to stop in from time to time.  I am able to pick up litte gift items for teachers and mysef, of course.  I purchased a purse hanger.  I have seen these litte gems at many other shops but no one bothered to explain how they worked.  Since I received an explanation with demonstration, I gladly purchased one and have been using it regularly.  Ladies, go in for a demo and you will know why this is quite a find!  They have knick-knacks, jewelry, and fashionably re-crafted clothing by Designs By Devon.  The boutique is located in a nice shopping center off of Highway 73, down the street from Harris Teeter and Birkdale Village.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,5/16/2012,47,241,4,5,5>I don't think I've ever given a place a 5 star review after the first visit.  I generally don't think it's a good idea because I tend to get food-struck at a lot of restaurants.  But I can tell this is more than just passing 'Whoa!!' moment - this place is just absolutely fantastic.The decor inside is very modern upscale, but with a whole lot of color thrown around the place.  The tables were spaced out nicely without being overly crowded.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly.  Our server Jason was probably the best server I've ever had - he really made some great recommendations and was very attentive and friendly.  I could tell that was really enthusiastic about this place.  He even asked from the start whether we had a Groupon, and he really took that as an opportunity to showcase some of the best items on the menu.To start with, my partner and I ordered the calamari, which was drizzled with a Thai peanut sauce and came with a Wasabi aioli (he thought the aioli was wonderful; horseradish of any kind is my kryptonite).  It was perfectly cooked, and the best calamari I've ever had.  For entrees, my partner ordered the 'Just for the Halibut' (I just love the catchy name).  The halibut was tender and perfectly looked, and the spinach and chive potato cake were also quite wonderful.  I ordered the sauteed mahi mahi, which came with a gnocchi, bacon, and asparagus tips - the flavors paired together so well, it's one of the top 5 meals I've ever eaten.  For dessert, I ordered the apple cake and he ordered the carrot cake.  The apple cake was good but needed more of the caramel drizzle.  The carrot cake was truly fabulous!  I loved the icing, which was not too sweet and heavy on the cream cheese flavor.  Paired with our wine selections, it was an absolutely fabulous meal.The downsides: even with our Groupon, which we had $50 to spend, we still spend an additional $60 + tip.  The parking situation at the Metro is a bit of a nightmare, having to fight the massive amounts of people in the crowded parking garage.  However, they do offer valet parking if you're into that sort of thing.Was it a little pricey?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  EVERY PENNY!  I can't wait until another special occasion where I can splurge on a wonderful dinner here.  This place made an already wonderful day into a perfect one.  Thanks Dressler's - and especially, thanks to our waiter Jason!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,5/15/2012,19,70,,5,3>Don't let the location in a rundownish, older strip mall fool you.I live in the neighborhood and had seen this place a few times, before I decided to wander in.I always get the Italian - what can I say? I'm a creature of habit - and it is delicious.Seem to be a lot of regulars in here especially during the busy lunch hoursFriendly service, good prices, great Italian sub.What's not to like?
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,5/14/2012,217,84,,7,2>The Rat's Nest is one of the very few original "NoDa" incarnations left in the neighborhood, but Brian will tell you that it is North Charlotte and not NoDa.  Its like a museum where everything is for sale.Well, almost everything.  The Jesse Jackson for President ringer tee only has a price tag on it for posterity sake.  But all the signage, artwork, western wear, furniture, video games, boots, and records can be yours for the price on the little yellow piece of cheese tag.They stand by all their products and I have had a couple of pairs of vintage cowboy boots that I have bought there taken back for a new heel or a total resole.  Brian won't sell clothes with holes or stains.  He once busted out a needle and thread to bolster a loose button on a shirt for me.Looking through the racks of clothes, you have to brush the nostalgia away from your face to find that perfect pearl snap button shirt or glittery iron-on tee.The staff is friendly and more than happy to offer you a tasty beverage to enhance your shopping experience.  And if you are lucky, you might be there on a night when the backyard turns into a music venue.With the likes of RenElvis, The Loose Lugnuts, The Pistoleros, Truck Norris, or even the Truckstop Preachers taking the stage, you can enjoy a couple of beers while you sit in the pews.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,5/13/2012,205,512,3,5,5>A mishap with my stylist landed me in this multicultural salon and thanks to Arshanna (taking me as a last minute appointment) I didn't have to walk around with a hat on for the rest of the weekend:-) I was in and out in no time!  They use a variety of product lines and can accommodate all hair types. Thanks again Arshanna, my blowout was fab!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,5/12/2012,17,166,,3,4>Customer service was outstanding!  We went to select my wedding band to match my engagement ring from Diamonds Direct this morning and I was amazed at how helpful, knowledgeable and 'unpushy' the service was!  We were able to try several designs and ask questions without feeling like we were being rushed or taking up too much of our saleswoman's time.  I picked out a beautiful band and would recommend Diamonds Direct for anyone looking for a great experience with beautiful jewelry!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,5/11/2012,212,802,,9,4>Just went back to see another movie at BV Theatre. Why do I prefer this theatre to Regal at Stonecrest?  For one, the theater is small with a limited number of movies playing.  This is more appealing to me than the ginormous megaplex that shows dozens of different titles. Also, this theatre is more geared towards adults - there are rarely "kids movies" playing here, so there aren't throngs of noisy children running around. When we arrived today, there was a small line at the ticket booth, but nowhere near the lines that you would have at Stonecrest. I appreciate the fact that I can watch a movie without being packed in the seats like sardines... and if I need to visit the restroom here, they are much cleaner and quieter than you would find at the megaplex.  And last but not least, the popcorn here is much fresher and tastier than the popcorn at Stonecrest.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,5/10/2012,75,581,2,8,4>I have gone here twice and Jess does a really great job with the Swedish massage. She consults with your prior to make sure she can focus on specific areas and she really works the spots out. The atmosphere is average for the spa area downstairs - there is a salon upstairs and you occasionally here noises from upstairs but overall it is not a deal breaker at all. I enjoy coming here, the ladies that work here make me feel welcomed every time and I love sitting in the sauna prior to my massage - so arrive early!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,5/9/2012,876,4126,3,11,5>Excellent coffee for a coffee stand. If you like sitting at a bar or in a massive unfinished space, this is perfect. If you prefer something a bit more comfortable, you may want to move on.Yes, the coffee is truly good. Way better than the sludge from *$ or the reasonably decent brew from Caribou. But I think Dilworth Coffee is smoother and richer. And it's a better experience.If you want a coffee purely for drinking, you can't go wrong with Not Just Coffee. But if you're looking to hang out for a bit, this isn't your place.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,5/8/2012,24,115,13,7,3>I felt like a barbarian in there, scarfing down my food with my hands not even pausing to look up or take a sip of water. I know they were thinking, "Poor little Asian girl. She must not have eaten in days. Bless her heart." Ordered the fried chicken with green beans and collards. The chicken was dynamite ... the collards were juicy with a kick. Green beans had no flavor ... should have ordered okra. Will definitely be back for the fried tilapia. I thought the portions and wait were fine .... no food coma here. This is a casual joint, but I came Sunday early afternoon so the place was packed with folks in their Sunday best. I was the most underdressed for sure.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,5/7/2012,761,516,4,12,10>I'm going to go ahead and give Leroy Fox 5 stars for my first visit and here is why.* No Wait (it was very busy but we lucked out)* Awesome outdoor patio (could use a few more tables out there though)* $6 absolute dirty martini (I thought that must be a joke)* Zucchini Fries (amazing - 3 dipping sauces you will not be disappointed)* Sliders (bacon jam - that is all I have to say)Extra star for service Chelsea our waitresses was attentive and friendly.  Cotswald had needed a place like Leroy Fox for a long time - family friendly and big bar with large TV's to watch your favorite games on!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,5/6/2012,12,102,2,2,3>Two words: Madrid Margarita.  Such a yummy way to end a crazy work week or day. Some girls and I from work frequent this place and always order tapas to share. When there is two of us we typically get 4 items and if there is a third we'll get 5. Be sure to save room for Tres Leches!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,5/5/2012,75,227,1,9,2>I'm not trying to say that this is the best park I've ever been to, but I am trying to say it's the best park in Charlotte.  I hate when parks are completely devoted to sports fields and parking lots.  I enjoy freedom park because, if necessary, I can park there, and also play just about any sport there.  However, the aspect that really makes this park great is the fact that you can promenade about while taking in the sights.  I guess I wish it was a little bit larger or had more areas to explore, but it is a really premier park.  The fact that it is connected to the Little Sugar Creek Greenway only makes it better.  Some might dislike how busy it can be at times, but that is exactly the reason this park is interesting.  I've been to ten's of parks in the area and most of them are totally deserted and lifeless.Freedom park is a must visit for anyone looking to unwind or get some exercise in Charlotte.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,5/4/2012,104,419,2,3,3>My in-laws are picky eaters.  Basically they like "American Food" and mom-in-law is a calorie fanatic so many places we love in H-Ville are off the table.  Hooray for Bad Daddy's opening in Birkdale.  We took them last night and it was a big hit with juicy flavorful burgers for us and a variety of salad options, including create your own, for Mema.  I've been to the East Blvd location many times, have been excited for the LKN opening and last night did not disappoint!  Fast, friendly service and the aforementioned delicious food.  Hooray!  It's a little small so, expect a wait on weekend primetime dining hours for sure but, come and enjoy...
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,5/3/2012,255,284,4,4,5>Absolutely FABOlous! Ya'll can't deny it, Fabo, I'm so into you and you make me better. Okay, done with the Fabolous song references. For real though, I love this place. Coffee and alcohol with delicious treats to munch on and cool art to look at all in one place. Staff is oh so sweet and helpful. Had a wonderful iced vanilla latte, a perfect complement to this nice weather. Tons of local art work, pottery, handicrafts,  trinkets, and thingamabobs for sale. Great corner location off Selywyn. Just a good vibes kind of place. I know where I'm going next time I need to get some work done while sipping on a beer/wine/coffee.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,5/2/2012,216,466,4,4,7>I LOVE this new spot - not just cause it is right by my office and I am lazy but I truly do love the food and concept!  The interior is totally zen and chic and not what you would expect for essentially a cafeteria.  Picking up the card at the door was easy, getting in line and getting a pizza was a breeze.  Getting a fab table and a water from the bar was super easy.  Just loved it.  I got the Toscana pizza and it was huge for only $8.95.  I had to take half of iit home.  I can't wait to enjoy the outside tables!  Our group is going for happy hour soon because they have good beer specials and a sexy bar.  Love it!  Such a step-up from Harry and Jeans!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,5/1/2012,87,274,3,5,4>My folks come here pretty often for someone who live about 40 minutes away... crazy right?!  Well, welcome to my family, we will climb mountains and cross rivers to get food (and the love of food is the only indication that I belong to the family... sorry Mom & Dad, I am really your child!)This is by far the cleanest asian (or ethnic) store I've been in in this area. It is bright.  The aisles are wide (no squeezing by one another or afraid I would knock something over).  And it doesn't stink!   As much as I don't care if a place smell a little funky, it's nice to not have to subconsciously hold my breath.I visited here last week for lunch.  My parents have packed enough leftover for me from their hot food section that it's time to try it in person.  Not bad... you can get your typical chinese to-go type food.  But mostly it's what we consider Taiwanese style... you have choices of 2 meats and rice and I think it's about $7 (think tripes, beef stew, etc).  Or you can do the dinner for 2, $18 get you steamed fresh tilapia (and it's actually better than some restaurants in town) and stir-fry chinese greens.  $25 get you half chicken as 3rd dish.  They also have the buy your fish/lobster at the grocery store and they'll cook for you option.  Cooking fee is per pound.  Then there's the bakery section, which is awesome.  It reminds me of the Japanese bakery place in the basement of all major department stores when I was little.  They had a buy 10 get 1 free special, so Mom, Dad & I went to town.  Egg tart (the crust was fabulous, the custard part was a little hard), scallion & hot dog bun, the 3-treasure bun... unfortunately they didn't have our favorite cocktail bun :(  Next time.  And oh, with $5 purchase during weekday you can get a free coffee.  Needless to say I didn't really do any shopping but mostly eating here.  I heard that they don't have as good of a produce area here but you get the basics.  But this is a pretty decent joint for ready to eat food.  Too bad it's so darn far away for me.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,4/30/2012,87,62,10,8,5>I was looking for ideas to entertain my Mom for her birthday when I came across a Groupon for this Segway tour. I laughed at the geeky stereotype that a Segway carries, and the idea of scooting around downtown in front of strangers and traffic on one of these things. Then I thought to myself what could be funnier than to see my 70 year old mom trying to figure out how to ride a Segway. So we booked our tour and left the whole thing as a surprise until we pulled into the parking lot and man was she ever nervous.  The initial step up onto your first Segway is a very awkward experience. Think of a baby giraffe trying to stand up for the first time and then laugh at yourself. Somehow though only minutes later you will feel yourself begin to adjust to the Segway, then miraculously this machine becomes some symbiotic extension of your own body.  When you shift your weight in a certain direction it turns with you, when you lean forward it moves forward, lean slightly backwards to slow down or stop.  I can't explain how, but it just becomes second nature in a matter of minutes and fills you with a sense of accomplishment once you master it.  The three of us had a blast just riding around the parking lot getting our practice in before the actual tour had even started.  As far as the tour, our guide was a college kid in his twenties who was very personable and made sure everyone knew what they were doing before we set off.  We left the NC Music Factory and toured the downtown graveyard learning about the history of Charlotte and some of it's most established families.  We rode to Panther's stadium and throughout many other attractions of downtown Charlotte.  I learned things I never knew about my own city after living here for over a decade.At the end of the tour my mom was all geeked out over the whole thing, and was already asking the guide how much they cost like she would ride one to the grocery store or something.  I myself was still shocked that I had just done one of the coolest things I have ever done in Charlotte and it involved a Segway.So in the end if you are looking to impress a date or some out of town guests then I would highly recommend booking this fun experience.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,4/29/2012,151,1019,8,10,6>You know what I hate about Charlotte?   All these breweries popping up and claiming my favorite local brew.  First it was OMB, then it ws Four Friends and now it is NoDa Brewery,With all the breweries I hear are popping up in the QC, I just feel that my current favorite beer of NoDaRyzed will not be there for long.  After all it was only October or Noveber before my favorite was declared as Four Friends I-77 IPA.  Dammit Charlotte!  Actually Charlotte I love you.  This is definitely a love/hate relationship.    I love all the breweries popping up.  I love that I have a favorite at ALL of the breweries I've tried and I love that they are all different.I was actually bored on Saturday and instead of pursuing my favorite pastime (hiking), i pursued my second (beer tasting)......yeah, I'm weird.  Get over it!!!!  So I managed to pick a good time to hit NoDa...when I got there, the 3 stools at the right end of the bar were empty so I parked myself at the right end of the bar, leaving two empty seats at my left. I started out with at beer I was familiar with...the NoDaRyeZ'd which ?I had tried a couple weeks back at a Charlotte restaurant.  Yes, This is definitely my favorite brew in Charlotte.I then tried the Flight (sampler).   All were great except I wasn't really impressed with Ramble on Red,  10 Block South was my 2nd favorite and the 2 dark beers were good considering I don't really like dark beers.The staff at NoDA was exceptional....very friendly and it was great to meet the local business owners I met while sampling my beer.Thanks NoDA ...you have now become my favorite brewery in Charlotte!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,4/28/2012,8,12,4,5,4>Vin Master is a neighborhood wine shop gem. Chris and his wife know their wine and always help us find what we are looking for--even better, they help us find what we aren't looking for. We've had parties for friends in the space, brought some snacks and had a casual evening cocktail hour, or just popped in to shop for a bottle or two. It's pleasant, relaxing, and delightful. Love this place!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/27/2012,175,207,2,4,3>Eureka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When the Blvd at NoDa closed, I cried. No metaphorical crying, but real tears on their last day when I went in to buy what I thought would be the last items from the Blvd. But there may be a higher being, soley based on the fact that the Blvd is back!Located in South End this time, my go-to gift store is back in full swing. With lots of windows and natural light, the store is set up much the same as it's previous spot - different groupings of artists and sellers all throughout the store. I don't have kids, but some of their children items were adorbs (damn you, toungue in cheek onsie slogans!). A great mix of prices ye shall find here and I think that's the main draw for me. Have $20 to spend for a co worker's birthday? Want to spend $50 on a nice hand made shawl or necklace for mom? Want to get something to make your significant other "awww" or LOL? All found at the Blvd.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,4/26/2012,11,92,4,4,2>Tonight was our first at Mambo Grill, we didn't make reservations however they were very happy to find room for us on a busy night.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful, she explained every dish to our party and gave us her favorites.  She suggested drinks and appetizers.  The food arrived and everyone in our party LOVED it!  As we were eating it got busier and busier in restaurant and waitress explained she was bartender too and she was sorry to negelect us, we thought she was doing fine and were just enjoying the company.  We loved the atmosphere and enjoyed the whole experience. The only reason I am not giving it a 5 stars... yet, is because this was our first visit, but it will not be our last!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,4/25/2012,64,504,1,6,2>I used to go to Wild Wing Cafe all the time when I lived in Southwest Charlotte.  I LOVED their food, atmosphere, and prices, plus it was close to home.  Since moving, though, I hardly get an opportunity to experience Wild Wing anymore.  There's this one in the University area now, though, and I've gone there only a couple of times on my lunch hour.  Why only a couple?  Mainly the wait time.  Both times (once probably 2 years ago and once just this week) I've gone there during lunch, the restaurant was practically empty, and we still had to wait 30-35 minutes for our meals after ordering.  Seriously?  Did the cook not show up?  Is he/she still hung over from the night before?  Everything on their menu can probably be cooked in 5-10 minutes.  Maybe it's time to hire some new cooks?On the positive side, I was very impressed by their expanded menu.  I already thought they had an extensive menu before with lots of fantastic choices, but now Wild Wing has even more goodies to choose from.  I went with an old standby, though:  "Chicken Feathers" (grilled chicken fingers) with China Syndrome sauce (mmm...spicy!).  You can get either fries with your feathers, or celery and blue cheese.  But you *cannot* get fries AND the blue cheese (for the spicy chicken) without paying an additional 50 cents.  And don't even try to request another tiny cup of extra sauce.  That'll be another 50 cents, please!  Luckily, I've learned my lesson over the years, and Wild Wing does a pretty good job of coating their chicken with sauce anyway.  My partner ordered the Bleu Cheese Basil Burger.  He said it was one of the most amazing burgers he ever had, so I tried a bite of it.  He was right.  It was amazing and SO full of flavor.  Italian marinade, crumbled blue cheese, and basil mayo = freakin' fantastic.  I guess most people who go there at lunch go for the all-you-can-eat chicken wing bar.  Some dribbled in as we waited for our orders.  I overheard someone stop one of the servers to remind her that the bar needed restocking as well.  Seriously, what's up with the kitchen at this location?  Shouldn't management be all over this?  I'd love to frequent Wild Wing more often at lunchtime, but I'm pretty soured on having to take an hour and a half for my lunch break just because the cooks can't grill some chicken and fry some fries in less than 30 minutes?  I can understanding waiting if the restaurant is busy, but when there's only 2 or 3 tables filled in your huge restaurant, come on...Menu selection - 5 starsService - 4 starsFood quality/taste - 5 starsWait time - 1 star
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,4/24/2012,64,117,,6,4>I love Blackhawk! Unbeatable service, large selection, quality goods, reasonable prices. And it's so clean! They have an awesome kitchen/cooking section with all sorts of hardware that you would need to cook any sort of meal. Don't even get me started on their garden center--it's fantastic! And the flowers/plants are ALWAYS in tremendous shape, and I've never had one die on me. I go here on my lunch break just to walk around their beautiful gardens. And these people know their plants! They give expert advice on how to care for the plants you buy and will remember your name the next time you're  there.This place always brings a smile to my face!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,4/23/2012,196,213,5,4,4>Energy cafe is something like a Pinkberry for salads. Funky, contemporary, art deco ala George Jetson kinda decor. I kinda feel like a fool 'cause on my last visit, the gentleman assisting me wrote my name, real name on my salad (btw the house salad is pretty scrumptious). I didn't even tell the dude my name, but he spelled it out entirely and correctly on the box. I was like, "dude, whoa". Initially, I thought I was like a celebrity or Yelp star or something. It wasn't until I got back in the office and saw my badge hanging from my belt that I realized, I'm just another Joe Schome with my face on a name tag.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/22/2012,1034,436,12,10,8>Elizabeth Street wants to be a busy street so badly.  It seems like it's on the end of the line. Smalls is a very nice addition, taking over the old NOFO space.  There are many items on the menu that I want to try, sliders (meat ground in house, homemade buns), chicken & waffles and the pimento cheeseburger, but today Zack's confit wings were a must.  Korean spicy wings, so yummy.  I don't think I will be able to visit Smalls and not order the wings.We also tried a lunch special today, hand made linguini & grilled chicken with a light pecorino sauce.  It was a hard decision because they were also offering a BLT special  on homemade potato bread.  The food is delicious.The best part is the food quality and the price ratio.  It's going to be in heavy rotation.  Did I mention late night food and all NC draft beer?   Makes me say, Biggie, Biggie, Biggie can't you see, sometimes your words just hypnotize me.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/21/2012,118,281,10,11,7>Seriously strange, this place. From the Mad Scientist Acid Trip Under the Sea decor to the banana salsa to the...just...huge, newspaper sized menu, there are some really outta-the-norm things going on at Krazy Fish.And I gotta say, I likey.Things are messy - ya, there's brownie-filled orange cups for dessert for cheap, but they're overfilled, spilling out a bit. A salsa brought to the table in an icy squeeze bottle. A cold, intestinal coil of cheese grits solidifying while your sandwich is steaming hot. Water all over the bathroom floor. Corners, art to run into. Cilantro in everything, all hail the cheapest herb, garnish, chopped, springs tucked into your taco, sandwich, salsa, everywhere.It's almost, kind of a foodie joint, because anything, anywhere, on the menu, can be put in any burrito, any sammich, any taco. There are near-infinite combinations of flavor happening and not a lot of steering going on - a gruff rec by a waitress, that's about it - so it's easy to choose and end up with something freaky-not-good. OR (like moi) you could get jittery with excitement, anticipating what lemongrassy tofu, pickled jalapenos, and coconut curry could possibly taste like, and WHOA it kinda worked, even if it was a little sweet. Things are, here. Sugary. Riding that edge of too much. Not taking the plunge.Other options for veg's - tempura vegetables, potato cake. You can have a potato cake taco. Dare ya.House slaw is riskily weird, but good - toasted cumin, a little bitter, Indian flavors.There are like, 10 salsas. I even enjoyed the banana, sort of.It's beautiful that no one worried about foodie trendy BS when designing this space or menu. It's just all really Krazy, in an homage-to-East-Charlotte-ethnicity kinda way. Tacos, bolillos, banh mi, burritos (er, roti), viet, mex, thai, indo, chinese, whoa.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,4/20/2012,142,86,4,4,4>I love Valhalla.  I really do.  The owners are awesome & the food is always spot on.  It's a great hidden place to get lunch uptown & also a great place to catch a bite after work or a show.  You can sit in the Courtyard & enjoy your food as well. I'm partial to the Norsk burger, a mix of sausage & beef, a fried egg & norsk sauce & it's flippin' amazing.  The fish sandwich is seriously bigger than the plate, the curry sauce is perfect & the new chicken sandwich is the perfect lunch size.  I kid you not my boyfriend, who works across the street, eats here 3x a week for lunch, I can't tear him away from the place.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,4/19/2012,78,188,4,5,5>We've established that I love burgers.  Therefore, it is to be expected that the Liberty, which routinely claims to have the best burger in Charlotte award (from whom, I don't quite know), has been on my to-try list for quite a while.  We were in the area for dinner last night, and so we popped in.The inside of the restaurant is a relatively cool space.  There's a spacious bar room, which would be a good place to have a few drinks without feeling packed in.  The dining room is comfortable as well, and is decorated with beer kegs, beer quotes, etc.However neat the decor was, we came for the food.  And we weren't disappointed.  I was excited to see poutine on the appetizer menu, since I've wanted to try this Canadian specialty from the moment I first became aware of its existence.  I wasn't disappointed.  The porcini gravy on the fries was especially delicious.The burger was pretty dang good, too.  Was in the best in Charlotte?  Well, maybe.  I reserve my full commitment because, while the meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the toppings were thoughtfully selected, the bun was a little on the minimalistic side.  I actually had to finish it with a knife and fork.  Now, a burger with too much bread is a sad thing, but the Liberty has gone too far in the other direction.  Mind you, this is a minor quibble.  iIf you go here, get the burger.  It's dang tasty.  Just be prepared for messiness.I see some people have complained about the service, but our waitress was fine.  She wasn't super bubbly, but she was polite and kept our drinks filled.  What else can you ask for?
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,4/18/2012,53,155,4,9,8>This is a fantastic addition to Plaza Midwood. The store is across the street from the Penguin and next to Shine. It is an old house and easy to miss if you aren't being alert.It is adorable. This is the best place to find local/organic gifts and treats. I bought the most adorable earrings for $8 from "Not Made in China". The candles are fantastic. You can find items from baby stuff to household cleaners that are environmentally friendly to knick knacks to vegan friendly food/treats. Most of my holiday shopping will be done here.Also, consider becoming friends with them on FB. They seem to always be doing something exciting- from walking around/working out in Plaza Midwood in 80's gear, hosting a FROCK shop (traveling trunk show) or playing live music.  They always seem to be supporting other local businesses, musicians and artists. I am really hoping that ecolicious becomes another piece of the fabric of Plaza Midwood (possibly the cheesiest sentence that I have ever written on Yelp- but so true). This is how community happens- when local businesses get involved in their neighborhoods. The community-driven geek in me absolutely loves it.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,4/17/2012,39,118,2,3,2>After discovering Lunchbox by my work i have become a weekly visitor it seems. I haven't been into vinyl long but this is the best shop in Charlotte, mainly because of the awesome New selection. Sure Manifest has a massive used section, which is great but their new stuff is nothing compared to tiny Lunchbox. Also a great place to learn about new music too.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,4/16/2012,25,55,3,5,3>There is nothing better than fresh baked bread and Dukes has the best!  The bread is fresh with natural ingredients, but also has creative flavors to choose from.  Favorites of mine are the rosemary seasalt and the monterrey pepperjack.  They have a layer of herbs and spices inside the loaf so each slice is delish!  Also a big perk is all the bread flavors are available in wheat in addition to the sour dough.  Be sure to try some of their yummy oils like parsley oil and spicy tomato oil also--both are amazing!  I brought a loaf of the rosemary and seasalt with the parsley oil to a group dinner and it was a huge hit!  Enjoy!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,4/15/2012,38,51,,6,1>Vintage is a great place!  It's very comfortable and not pretentious like many wine bars tend to be.  The couches are great places to relax with friends, and the decor is very comfortable and warm, and includes Biltmore wine barrels.  I also love that while it's a wine bar, they don't exclude their beer-loving brethren.  They offer a lot of GREAT local microbrews in bottles.Vintage is a great addition to the already fantastic Brevard Courtyard, and a nice change of pace from the other sports pubs in the area.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,4/14/2012,100,112,,6,3>This place is everything you hope a restaurant would be and more.  The restaurant is  beautiful on the outside and makes you feel like you are stepping into someone's home.  It is fancy, but not too fancy.  When my husband and I walked in, I was greeted with such a warm smile from the hostess.While walking to our table, we were able to view the other rooms that were decorated in different ways.  My husband had informed me that each room had a different theme.  The ambiance from the whole restaurant was just perfect. I very much enjoyed our waiter.  He was very nice the whole time and didn't seem to be annoyed when I had asked a lot of questions about the menu.  He was also very kind in helping me pick out a wine, and also asked for what price range I was trying to stay in since he knew everything was expensive.  I felt like he was helping us look out for our wallets.  All the food was amazing.  I just fell in love with the Escargot appetizer.  It was beautifully prepared that you would forget you were eating snail.  All of the food was a good portion size for what you are paying for.  Everything had a tasty flavor and was just perfection.This place is a bit on the pricey side, but I would say that everyone should at least try it once in their life time.  Sharing it for a special occasion would be well worth it with great memories in a beautifully cozy restaurant.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,4/13/2012,92,226,2,11,1>Zen offers a massage for the bargain basement price of $45, but unlike Massage Envy or Heights, they don't require a membership, so you don't get barraged with a strong sales pitch at the end, nor stalked on the phone.  If you can, I would ask to have a room in the main house.  It just is a nicer space. The whole place is decorated with a serene, Asian feel and is less "clinical" than Massage Envy on Woodlawn.  The hours are such that you can go after work in case of stress from a really really bad day, or a muscle emergency.   The beds are very comfortable and sometimes they use heating pads. I have been to several masseuses/masseurs and they all have different styles. I recommend Wanda who does a lot of limb movement so she's not just massaging your muscles in a static state. But don't be mistaken- she's very strong, which is how I like my coffee and my women.  If you want a soft, relaxing massage, probably go to someone else. I usually have to urge people to go harder, so she was perfect. My husband also likes Chris (girl).  Will it be like getting a massage at the Homestead Resort? No. But it does the trick on a budget.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,4/12/2012,33,75,3,8,4>Being a loyal fan of The Counter, I felt betrayed when it closed and this crazy fusion restaurant called Cowfish (what is a cowfish anyway?) took its place. Apparently, I am a weak-willed women because I eventually gave in to my curiosity a couple of weeks ago and decided to give it a try. My boyfriend and I arrived around 9 o'clock and were shocked to see a flock hungry patrons sitting outside, beepers in hand, waiting for a table. We went inside to put our names down and were very impressed with the interior of the restaurant. I am not really one of those people who pics a restaurant based on the design or how 'cool' it is but this certainly worked in Cowfish's favor. After our number came up and our beeper started flashing, we were taken to our table and greeted by one of the friendliest waitresses I have ever encountered. We told her we had never been there before and she proceeded to guide us through the very large menu, answering any questions we had as she went. We proceeded to order the blackened ahi tuna nachos for our appetizer and we each chose the bento boxes for our entree. When the nachos arrived, I was in awe of how big they were. The 'nachos' are actually fried wontons and they are topped with their crab rangoon dip, pico de gallo, avocado, greens, and delicious ahi tuna. I took my first bite and literally fell in love. The tuna was fresh and all of the toppings tasted like they had been sliced and prepared to order. We scarfed them down in minutes and resisted the urge to place an order for more. Our bento boxes arrived soon after finishing the appetizer. I was amazed to see a huge selection of food with very generous portions. The box contained their mini burger of the week, the bib, which was served on a brioche bun with cheddar cheese and chili. The burger was tasty and fulfilled my desire for the comforts of The Counter fare. We moved on to the sweet potato fries (crispy and well-salted), Thai cucumbers (really delicious), and edamame (pretty standard). We saved the sushi roll for last, I selected 'Mark's Roll' which was spicy with jalapeno and siracha and very well-made. My boyfriend had the rainbow roll which was not as good as my roll but still very good. We had a great experience at Cowfish-- great food, great service, great atmosphere. I have been back since then and will continue to come back for fabulous food.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,4/11/2012,14,112,3,6,3>If there was a category CL's Best of Charlotte issue for "fish," Clean Catch would win hands down.  As far as I can tell there is really no competition.  The old adage, "you get what you pay for" holds true here, so be prepared to pay for your seafood.  Sure, you can save some money by buying your swordfish steaks at Harris Teeter, but how long have they been sitting there?  If you don't mind a piece of fish that is discolored and tough, go ahead and save a bit of money.  But if you want the freshest, most beautiful piece of fish in town, you should shop at Clean Catch Fish Market.I visited for the second time yesterday and purchased about 14 ounces of marvelously pink sashimi-grade salmon and about 6 ounces of kajiki (blue marlin) that we turned into a beautiful tartare.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,4/10/2012,103,276,2,4,3>Walking into SoBo Loft for the first time you may feel like you've been here before, but you know you're on South and not Central, and there's something just a little different going on here. Many of the items are still tagged "green with envy", but a lot of new things aren't, and that's what sets the Green's new retail store apart.Not Made in China? check. Local jewelry artists? check. Home decor and food items? check. There's also a small childrens/baby section, home office and stationary, and art for sale on the walls. But I definitely never drooled over the clothing and jewelry pieces before. Plus, the fact there were even more fantastic pieces behind the counter that hadn't been priced yet let me know more good things were to come, and I plan on checking back in soon.The loft is on the second floor of the building that faces the Liberty, in the space closest to the street. And although we didn't get into details, I understood that Green with Envy is still open, but this is the Green's (smaller) new home.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,4/9/2012,76,167,1,10,4>I have been to Fiamma twice and both visits were during Restaurant Week.  From the outside, I was very unimpressed.  It's located in a strip mall that offers no pzazz.  Once inside, however, the ambiance is intimate, warmly lit, and romantic.  Most of the tables are separated but there are a few that are connected by one long booth seat.  Unfortunately, this is where my party of 3 was sat.  Even more uncomfortable was that the table was actually comprised of 2 separate small tables covered by a table cloth.  It was notably a tight space.  Thankfully we overcame our discouraging seating situation by ordering wine.  The pours were generous and the prices ranged from $6.00 to $9.00 per glass.  It was quite reasonable. In addition to some wine, we also ordered food off of the restaurant week menu.  My first item was sauteed sea scallops in a cauliflower puree topped with mushrooms.  It was simply delectable.  I would order this as an entree if I could.  My second item was a pacific white fish served with two sauteed potatoes and white asparagus covered in a caper sauce.  It was a nice dish but it didn't knock me off my feet.  I felt the fish could have been a bit more moist but the flavors were tasty!  Lastly, we all ordered and sampled each others dessert.  The creme brulee took the first place ribbon.  It was a generous portion topped with delicious berries.  The ricotta cheesecake was a runner up.  It was light and did the trick to hit my sweet spot.  However, if you are a cheesecake lover and like the rich, creamy  versions - this would not be your pick!The service we received was adequate but not superb.  I had a much better waiter the first time I visited.  There were a few times I found my eyes wandering to see if I could get his attention.  Additionally, only 2 out of the 3 entrees were brought out together.  One of my friends had to wait a few minutes before hers arrived.  It certainly didn't ruin the meal but it's always nice begin eating your dinner at the same time.  Overall, Fiamma did not earn a 5 star review but I would return.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and they have some great dishes.  There are just some areas that could be tweaked to make the overall experience more enjoyable.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,4/8/2012,118,89,4,5,4>My friends just got a job at Panthers stadium and suggested we grab a quick bite. The diner had great character. It wasn't too big or too small. We both got the buffalo chicken fingers and as much dipping sauce as we wanted. My meal wasn't the most interesting thing on the menu, but it hit the spot!. The service was one of the best parts! I think we had three different waiters follow up with us throughout the meal. Next time I'm going to be a little bit more adventurous and get fried pickles!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,4/7/2012,67,165,5,3,3>So after having a not so stellar experience our first time visiting this establishment three years ago, we finally decided to give Bad Daddy's another try. This was after literally all of our friends telling us how fantastic the place can be. So we headed to BD last night around 7pm. The tables were all full but we only had to wait five minutes. Parking is a bit of a mess, so keep that in mind when heading in to eat. The lot is very small, but there is street parking and a lot across the street that you can park in after 6pm. We decided to forgo appetizers for a cookies and cream spiked milkshake, which was unbelievably good (apparently they make the ice cream in-house). If you are of age, I definitely recommend partaking in one of those beauties. I ordered the Frenchie, which is a turkey burger with brie, apple slices and bacon. I added avocado and passed on the garlic mayo. And be sure to get the sweet potato fries with the chipotle ranch. Best in town. You may want to pass on dessert - I'd recommend a spiked milk shake instead. We found the banana pudding to be too sweet (which is a big deal for me to say as I have a crazy sweet tooth) and the brownie sundae was not good at all - I ate the homemade ice cream but the brownie was hard as a rock and tasted like something that came out of a wrapper. Did I mention the spiked milkshake? I didn't? Well definitely get one of those; it's a party in your mouth. Yummers.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,4/6/2012,22,60,,9,3>Bring on the BBQ!  I was intrigued by Queen City Q as it continued its transition from LaVecchias and whatever the steak place was called that was around for about 2.5 seconds.  Having spent four years in Texas, I'm always on the lookout for some down home cookin'.  The decor is very casual, leveraging the same footprint LaVecchia's left, but adding small country touches like wraught iron and old wood accents.  Plenty of tables, but also enough space between so we didn't feel completely on top of those next to us.  The actual menu was a bit different from their online menu, so don't get your heart set on anything too soon.  I went with a friend for lunch, and both of us were very happy with the experience.I ordered the 1/4 plate chicken entree, and the chicken was so juicy, I wanted to cry.  Seriously, I don't know how they did it, but I've never before had chicken so moist.  Accompanying my delicious bird wasTexas toast and two sides; I chose my BBQ staples: green bean casserole and macaroni & cheese.  The green bean casserole was lovingly enveloped in a light sauce, with a final touch of cheddar and fried onion crunchy topping.  The macaroni and cheese was also top notch.  Nothing was overly greasy or heavy, and I felt very satisfied and full with my portion size.  My friend ordered the brisket sandwich (yes to the grilled onion topping) with BBQ slaw and said it was great (although he was surprised by the open face-ness of his sandwich).  Worth noting: someone across the restaurant got what appeared to be housemade chips, and I almost walked over, introduced myself, and started eating off his plate - they looked that good.  And was that a blue cheese dipping sauce with it?  If not, get on that, Queen City Q.When I received the bill, there was a $3 surcharge for white meat with the chicken; I hadn't noticed that extra fee anywhere on the menu, so I asked about it.  Turns out they typically charge that for the 1/2 order of chicken, so our waitress took it off before running my card.  I appreciate her taking it off, but I've got to wonder why it was there anyway, since I neither had been told about the extra cost (the menu gives the option of white/dark), nor had I ordered the 1/2 plate.  Makes me wonder if it was an honest mistake or an attempt to make a few extra dollars.That being said, my experience was delightful.  Way to go, pitmasters!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,4/5/2012,90,98,2,7,4>Wow...really love this place.  I had a great time and left with a fantastic bottle of Tempranillo and some lovely art created by a local artist (quite the productive night!).  The ladies behind the bar were friendly and incredibly knowledgeable about their wines and beers and were able to help me pick something to my liking.  And if what you want isn't on the list, go ahead and pick something from the shelf and they'll open it up for you!  Spent the night sitting with some friends at a table enjoying conversation amid local art.  Oh, and your pup is welcome!  Dogs, wine, and art...what could be a better combo?!Oh and ladies, join their efforts in getting Jon Stewart there for the DNC!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,4/4/2012,187,1664,6,10,4>Le's rocks.  Unfortunately, those rocks end up in the parking lot of the mall.  If I were to put much thought into it, calling this abomination a mall is a real stretch of the imagination, because the only thing that makes it a mall is that there is one big building with some smaller shops inside.But it is definitely worth braving that parking lot, because the place is worth the trip.  The proprietor of Le's actually started the perhaps even sketchier Thanh Huong on Central many years ago, but decided to move on, and now has this sandwich shop, focusing on what he loves: The banh mi.  Several places in Charlotte supposedly offer the simple sandwich, but when you go to order it, they are often out.They say it is because of the bread.  Interestingly, you can actually buy the bread here at Le's for a paltry $0.60 a loaf.  Regardless, do yourself a favor and order a couple extra.  One for the ride home, one for after you get home, whatever.  That way you do not have to take a few hundred miles off the undercarriage of your car by braving the parking lot when you crave another of those awesome sandwiches.And make sure you get one of the pressed sugar cane drinks too.  It complements the heat of the sandwich nicely, is something you cannot find anywhere else that I know about and is not nearly as sweet as you would think pressed sugar cane to taste.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,4/3/2012,75,80,9,6,6>Note:  I came here for brunch, and the brunch I shall review. It's happened to us all.  You were out drinking on Saturday night.  You may or may not have slept on your friend's couch.  You wake up on Sunday around 1 with a hangover and a burning desire for something delicious in your belly.  Everyone piles in the car, protesting at the brightness of that damn sun, giggling, still a little delirious from the night before.  If this ever happens to you, and you're in the area, I feel totally confident suggesting you go to jackelope jack's for the best meal of all:  BRUNCH.  an excuse to eat breakfasty food and drink alcohol to cure your hangover/start a new buzz going.  while some people are in church worshipping the lord, i am a devotee at the altar of the mimosa.  we sat outside, much to my chagrin...but you kind of have to on a day as beautiful as this particular sunday.  despite following the shade under the umbrella as the afternoon lengthened and more drinks were ordered, my vampire skin burnt to a crisp, but everything was so delicious it was totally worth it.  I got a mimosa, natch, and the three-cheese omelet.  It was cheddar, provolone, and some other cheese I don't remember.  It came out with some of the best home fries i've ever had, along with a side of bacon which was cooked perfectly.  Everyone else's meals looked similarly delectable.  I wish I had thought to take a picture because it was a damn attractive plate of food.    The only snag was when we ordered pancake shots (jameson+frangelica chased with orange juice...seriously tastes EXACTLY like a pancake.)  and there was no frangelica...a rude awakening, that.  no one needs a shot of straight jameson to the face before they've even had their coffee.  (at least, not me or my friends...)  but they quickly fixed the problem and comped us the shots.  So to wrap up this epic screed, if you're hungover, looking to get drunk again in the day without feeling guilty (the Rules Of Brunch) go by Jackelope Jack's.  get the pancake shots.  sure, they cost as much as my omelet, but who doesn't love getting drunk on pancakes!?
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,4/2/2012,208,546,4,9,5>I love Pewter Rose. Pretty much no matter what I get here I've really enjoyed.First  of all you NEED to try their butterscotch scones..holy deliciousness! Seriously I am not a huge scone fan or butterscotch connoisseur but these two roll up into a delectable little treat I could easily become addicted to. Try them!Some of the items Ive enjoyed are the Mashed Potato Omelet, Caesar Salad, Oscar Benedict, and  most recently the Crab Cake sandwich.All were super delicious- you really can't go wrong.Love their mimosas as well.For a delicious brunch this place has it all - atmosphere, service, and food.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,4/1/2012,53,97,8,5,6>First and foremost, they get points simply for being open 7 days a week until a reasonable hour. What is up with places closing at 6 on Sundays? Who's done eating by 6? Sometimes I haven't even had breakfast by 6.I am a huge fan of their Dinner Specials. You get an egg roll, soup, an entree, and a fortune cookie for under $10. Mine usually lasts me at least 2 days- that is, if I don't end up eating the leftovers the same night. (How do you distinguish between eating leftovers, and just taking a breather? How much time needs to pass between meals?)I also, as a general hater of restaurant websites, find their website pleasantly well-organized and informative. Hours, location, menu, types of payment, tasty pictures of food, and printable coupons. Winning. They do deliver, but since I can see their building from my front door, I pick up. It's about a 7-minute walk and they always have my food ready to go by the time I get there. The only down side is I can't eat my egg drop soup on my 7-minute walk back home.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,3/31/2012,71,209,6,6,6>I resisted Twenty-Two for a long time because I felt like it wasn't the kind of place where I belonged, but as it turns out, they didn't feel the same way.I'm your second-hand jeans, wear it cause its comfy, drinking craft beer on a budget kind of gal and from the outside Twenty-Two looked, straight up, too posh for me. But after some goading from Julia S. I sucked it up and gave them a try. Now I look forward to making it a regular staple. They have a wonderful beer selection, both on tap and in bottles (expect to pay about $6 a beer, which isn't terrible). The art is well displayed and interesting. The chairs are comfortable and the atmosphere is conducive to having a long conversation in the way a bar generally may not be.Oh, and the bathrooms are fabulous. You know, just so you know.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,3/30/2012,175,289,3,9,3>BIG FAN of H&H Motor's. I've got a used infinity and am tired of going to the dealership for overpriced service and maintenance. Did a yelp search and asked some folks on the talk thread and H&H was recommended. It helped that it was nearby my house in Southend. The service was great! I needed new tires, new brake pads, a new seat motorized slider and some minor body work with rubber pealing away...and of course and oil/filter change. The manager called me regularly and gave me updates on the car and the pricing, offering advice and making sure I was ok with everything. Top notch and I respected that. Oh yeah...it was all done within one day. Dropped it off and picked it up 8 hours later...awesome! The mechanic who worked on my car even saw me picking it up and came outside the garage to explain everything worked on to me again. I've now found my future auto repair/service station!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/29/2012,165,779,4,15,4>So massages are just not something I've had the pleasure of in all my years and always been a bit nervous about it.  I was incredibly surprised by the girlfriend who scheduled a couples massage under the disguise of going to run errands.  We pull into the parking lot and I'm like "This doesn't look like the ParkIt office."  I'm so glad she is a sneaky little thing b/c I doubt I would have scheduled this for myself otherwise.  Now on to the actual review.Warm and welcoming staff greeted us as soon as we hit the door threshold.  They were excited to see us and helpful right off the bat without any delay.  I like that, I am not the greatest for having patience.  The decor was very soothing and with the music playing in the background, that just help to promote the relaxation that was to come.I had a young lady named Christine Weir (sp), and I would certainly recommend her to whomever.  She did a great job with my Swedish massage and I left feeling like a glob of play dough.  Being as I was a massage virgin I was told this was what you want when having a massage so great job indeed.I am forever a fan from this point on and will not hesitate to schedule another soon!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,3/28/2012,103,218,3,8,4>Dropped in here on a big ole' Unofficial Yelper Field Trip to conduct a little reconnaissance on the current state of affairs of this little restaurant that could.  After sampling the wares, Three Amigos needs to change its name 'cause it just gained a new friend.Started things off with a trio of salsa/dips and some lightly seasoned tortilla chips.  While even the red salsa was nicely done, the real stars were the tomatillo sauce and especially the green sauce blend of jalapenos and avocados.  This alone sets Amigos apart from the rest of the Mexican fare pact in town.Also got to try the guacamole.  Nice and smooth, with a good blend of flavors, though I'd like it to have a little more kick with the spiciness.  Best part of all, a nice-sized boat of guac clocks in at just $3.75.  That's less than half the price of fancier places that mix it at your table- and as far as I'm concerned, I'll do without the show where the flavors are so good.Entrees all looked good, but I tried out their pure vegan fare, and many props to them for giving this a go.  I had a trio of tostadas with beans, zucchini, and still more veggies.  I now know it is totally possible to eat Mexican without the cheese and sour cream.  Veggie fajitas and enchiladas verdes are also available in both a vegan and a vegetarian variety, though not listed as such on the menu- just ask the staff.Loved the friendly atmosphere here from the waitresses right over to the manager, who checked in on us several times.  Also loved the fact the there is a mix of Latinos and gringos who stop in to dine here- a good sign you have come to the right place for serious eats.By the way, if you are jonesin' for some authentic street food late at night, Three Amigos recently launced a late-night menu from 10 PM till 4 AM on Fridays and Saturdays.  Empanadas, chimi-churris and quipe.  Sounds like it's time for another reconnaissance mission- late-night style!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,3/27/2012,51,85,3,4,2>I have to give Vivace 5 stars for a number of reasons: 1. Service is outstanding. Go here and you will be treated the way I wish EVERY restaurant in the world treated their customers-friendly and respectful staff, no snobbery either. 2. The food. Here are just a few of my favorites: Mussels: If you are a mussel fan, get these. A large portion of mussels (none of this 10 dinky mussels in a dinky cereal bowl type of thing). The broth is excellent. Want extra bread for dipping (recommended)...no problem! Cured Meat and Cheese board: You can select a variety of cheeses and meats for a yummy appetizer. The staff has never steered me wrong when asking for a recommendation. Warm Bittersweet Chocolate Cake: I have come to Vivace solely for this dessert (after eating dinner elsewhere!). Be difficult like me, and ask for plain vanilla gelato, if they have it, in purist fashion. I have tried a variety of their entrees, the salmon and duck particularly stand out. Oh- and their brunch options are delish, and will cure even the sickliest of hangovers, with class of course. Portions are very nicely sized. The atmosphere is lively, modern, but still relaxed and un-stuffy. Please go to Vivace, it will not be your last visit.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,3/26/2012,42,144,,2,3>Just got some doughnuts here this morning.  Now, Charlotte, that's what I'm talkin' about!  They're good basic 95-cent doughnuts, you know, the kind you used to get at that place in town that closed down when all the chains came in, with the Formica-topped tables and the giant pots of cheap coffee.  The baked goods aren't fancy but they taste like they're made with ingredients that are recognizable as food.  Powdered sugar covered thumbs up!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,3/25/2012,54,162,,3,4>I never expected to find a gallery of this quality in Charlotte.  I'm not saying that Charlotte is a backwater city, only that when it comes to art the Shain Gallery's quality is more akin to something I'd expect to see in New York or Los Angeles.The owner is an amazing woman with a superb eye.  The range of artwork she displays is fascinating and openly defies the mediocre galleries with their safe choices and lack of passion.  I've been introduced to many talented artists with techniques I never knew existed because of this place.No matter where I live in the world I will be a life long customer of this gorgeous gallery.  And if you need an excuse to drag along a spouse who doesn't appreciate art you could always send him/her to the Yoforia around the corner or the Mellow Mushroom across the street.Don't allow anyone to deny you the experience of this exceptional place.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,3/24/2012,11,64,2,3,2>I have been a regular at Fujo's for lunch for several months now, dinner a couple of times.  I can say that they have consistently provided me with the best sushi experience in Uptown CLT.First impressions; I've always been skeptical when a restaurant attempts to cross dress their cusine amongst several different cultures, and this place features Chinese, Japanese, Thai, etc.  Places that do this will typically fall short of expectations in all categories when they don't specialize in just one.  This is not the case with Fujos!  Their sushi is fantastic...their lunch specials are reasonably priced for what you get.  I sat at the bar the other day and ordered the lunch special "C" (Cali roll, 3 salmon sashimi, 4 nigiri, chefs choice).  I fully expected the chef to pull a pre-made california roll out of the fridge; this seems to be common practice for other sushi joints who feature specials during lunch...they will pre-make rolls in anticipation of the lunch rush.  Not here.  The chef, who was flying solo during a busy lunch hour I might add, made every roll as it was ordered....a plus in my book, and something I will be glad to wait an extra couple of minutes for.  From the kitchen, might I suggest the Crab Fu Rong?  Delicious...of course, it is hard to screw up a crab!  Service is militarily efficient as well...if I ever had to wait in this place (which is seldom), it was on the kitchen, not on the waitstaff.This place does fill up quickly during peak times...good news about the quality of the food, bad news for those of us with precious little free time during the workday.  Go a little before 12, or a little after 1, and you should be fine.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,3/23/2012,30,135,,9,4>A friend of mine is really into Pole fit, so we decided to make a group event for a Bachelorette party. For 25$ per person we got a 90 minute pole dancing class taught by a seasoned instructor. Our teachers name was "Star", and she was very nice and fun to work with. Before we started dancing we were able to set up an area with food and drinks we brought in, to get some liquid courage. After a few minutes of mingling Star got us all started on a routine. Of course we were all embarrassed at first and were giggling, it's not every day you crawl all over the floor and do "sexy walks" with your friends. But once we started learning a few tricks, had our drinks close at hand we all got into it. The music played was current top radio hits or you can bring your own in if you want. After about 30 minutes all 8 of us had learned and performed a pretty full routine, with a fireman spin, a move they call "heavy hair," and an ankle hook. After a short break Star taught us all a sexy chair dance that was fun but also difficult. You really had to use your muscles and being flexible would help you a lot! This is a great workout and a lot of fun for a group of girls. I know they offer classes during the week and it would really be a fun way to stay in shape. They also have a small shop where you can buy booty shorts and shoes among other things. Great place for fitness, fun and feeling sexy.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,3/22/2012,87,79,,4,3>A great space that hosts eclectic events, attracts a fun mix of people, with a bar staff that will take you near Nirvana without attacking your wallet. Dharma has comfy couches, day beds for bottle service/parties, and an outside patio w a small seating area and plenty of space for smokers to flock or if you need a break from the beats and dancing. The restrooms -yeah, I can vouch for the men's room, too- are kept well-stocked and clean. There's street parking, private lots of businesses that are closed at night, as well as a big gravel lot a few paces down from Dharma & Marigny. Be careful if hanging your coat by the entrance; no one pays attention to that area and unfortunately two friends of mine have gone home without their coats.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,3/21/2012,143,211,3,9,3>I am so glad that I get to be the first person to review the Victorian Villa. We just had our beautiful wedding at the villa and could not have been happier. The staff was wonderful and the food was great (see below). A little bit about the villa.... it is a Victorian style bed and breakfast that was moved to there current location. The property is on an inlet of Lake Wylie on the Charlotte side. The ceremony takes place in the back yard in a gazebo over looking the lake. You can utilize a grand stairway in the back for the bride. The stairway has built in lighting and is absolutely beautiful. Guests can watch the ceremony from chairs in front of the gazebo or from above on the back deck. The reception takes place under a large awning with tile floors. The tile also acts as the dance floor. There is what I would call a large lighted courtyard with a tiki bar off to the side. Other than the guests that were dancing this is where most of the guests hang out at. In between the pack deck and the tile dancing/ eating area there is an open room that they keep the wedding cake and the buffet area. They have some antique Tiffany pieces in the room that adds to the Victorian feel. All of their pricing is listed on there website as well other than tax and gratuity. We liked that because there are no hidden tricks or games. We first found the villa on the Internet and we fell in love with the venue at our first visit. The owners of the villa are direct and to the point. At the first meeting they laid down there ground rules. We took it as a sign of how much pride they take in there place. They did state right away that they call back priority people first and that they are slow to get back to other people. We understood that they were a small business and that they ran the venue by themselves. At that point we were told that other than the venue, and food they really do nothing else. They had a long list of vendors that they recommended. After we booked the venue we did not go back until our 30 day meeting. When we arrived at the meeting the owner walked us around. They had done some amazing landscaping work during the winter time. I have to tell you how impressed we were. The place was even more beautiful than when we booked the place. The main thing with the villa is that they do not have a liquor license nor will they even do anything with alcohol. I saw this as additional work but a big money saver. If your not OK with doing things yourself then maybe this is not the venue for you. However, the venue is so beautiful that we did not mind doing the extra work. The only constructive criticism I would have for the villa directly is on there food, or at least one particular item. We had the chicken cordon blue, roasted potatoes, green been amondine, and Caesar salad. Everything was delicious except for the green beans. I just wish they told me that the green beans were canned and not fresh. Unfortunately, I can not stand any canned vegetables as it is just moosh to me. It is my fault for not asking and just assuming. When I think of green bean amondine I think of green beans with a nice glaze holding on The almond pieces. In this case it was watery canned beans with slices of almonds thrown in. It was a disappointment specially considering how wonderful and fresh the other food was. Indirectly to the Villa, we do not recommend using their DJ that they have as one of the vendors. Actually, the villa had an older review on another site and the DJ apparently had technical difficulties with the brides song while walking down the isle. We took that as maybe a one time thing or a fluke. However, it happened to us unfortunately. My wife was standing in the isle for a good three minutes waiting for the song to come on. Apparently, the DJ does not know how to use an IPOD nano even though he told us to bring it for him. Luckily, we our laid back and did not allow it to ruin our night and it is just another story to tell when we talk about our wedding. He did play some good music otherwise and everyone had a phenomenal time. I do have to state that they were a very nice couple and we had no problems with them personally. Thank you again to Todd and Liz and the rest of the Victorian Villa staff.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,3/20/2012,249,585,5,11,6>Um, I think I have found my new spot for my hibachi & sushi fix!Service: A++! With a table of 11, service was fantastic! Quick ordering & a reasonable amount of time to have the food brought out.And the food: OH MY. Sushi: Crunchy roll, panther roll, rainbow roll & Hasaki roll. Nice portions, full of flavor & taste. Nice presentation!Entree: Seaweed salad & squid salad.  Both had a nice "kick" to them!  The squid wasn't chewy; it was perfect.I had the hibachi steak & mushrooms, with zucchini & onions instead of carrots. It comes with fried rice. DELICIOUS! Good pieces of steak & they're not skimpy on the mushrooms, onions & zucchini. My boyfriend had the steak & scallops. WOW. The scallops were HUGE & very flavorful. AND...the entire entree coves the WHOLE plate, yes, THE WHOLE PLATE! Love it...Fried ice cream & fried cheesecake to top off your meal. Pricing: Very reasonable. What I consider lunch prices is the price all the time!Ambiance: upbeat dance music & lovely earth tones...& unique lighting fixtures.  Many tables & a few booths.Additional details: Smiley faces on the ginger dressing on the salad & credit card / business card "take with" menus.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,3/19/2012,50,380,2,4,2>I went to Boudreaux's last night for dinner and it was excellent. I shared a crawfish and spinach appetizer to start with which was served with a type of home made potato chips that was very tasty. For a main course I had a plate of their Jumbalaya which if you haven't had before you should definitely check it out. The thing that I believe makes their Jumbalaya stand out above other is that they don't skimp on the meats. Sometimes at places you will get a Jumbalaya that is mostly "filler" materials like rice and such but not here. The way it's prepared you get a uniform taste with each bite. It's also served with a piece of their cornbread which adds a little sweet to the dish and compliments the (what I would call) mild spiciness just right. Also, before my meal I had a Mojito which is worth mentioning because Boudreaux's does a great job at the bar with mixing up drinks. In addition to the great meal our service with very good as well. The server didn't bug us with endless "you need anything?" type questions but she didn't leave us hanging either. Another thing I've always liked about this place is the location. Once you are done with dinner you are pretty much right in the heart of NoDa so there are plenty of other Bars to hit up for some drinks or just people watching in general. The only bad thing I could maybe say about Boudreaux's is that the decor inside is a bit drab. It could probably stand a little updating but beyond that the food and service is always excellent.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,3/18/2012,66,60,,6,3>My favorite restaurant in South Carolina, hands down. This place is a small diner, but like a small diner in Cuba. Not having any experience in Cuban food before, this place definitely gave me a solid love for it right at my first visit. FOOD: Auuuuuhhhhman. I love maduros and tostones. I have dreams about the fried green plantains smothered in garlic. They come on the side like fries would with a burger, and I'm always left wanting more. The sweet plantains are also great, but the green are my top fav. The pulled pork and the pulled brisket are absolutely amazing. Not dry at all, but very juicy and succulent. I'm a fan of the seafood dishes, and I can honestly say that their shrimp in tomato sauce is to die for. The shrimp with garlic sauce was also great, but the first one takes the cake. Entrees come with rice and some type of beans in sauce, which I'm not particularly a fan of, but I know a lot of people in my party liked.DESSERT: I'm putting this in a separate paragraph because the desserts are just so darn good. I would come here just for their desserts. They have like 4 or 5 different types of flan, and as a flan afficianado, I went bonkers. The original Cuban flan is mild but covered with a toasted sugar syrup that gives it a little bit of a bitter taste, and then sweet sweet sweet all the way down. My favorite was the espresso flan, a little less sweet, and just so creamy and delicious. They also have cream cheese and coconut flans as well, and a bunch of other desserts that I vow to try when I go back.SERVICE: Great. Never had a bad experience here. This place is family owned, and they answer any of your questions. This really does feel like a mom and pop diner to me. The staff is very knowledgable on all of the food, and gives you a little disclaimer to not expect something spicy like Mexican, but something more flavorful and robust. I'm a fan of Mexican, but I have to agree, the food is full of robust flavors that just keep your mouth watering for more. Very prompt, attentive, polite, and great to strike up conversations with. DRINKS: We tried to finish the giant pitcher of delicious sangria, honestly we did. We made a good dent in it, too. Delicious. Also, Iron Beer is now my new favorite soft drink. It's like a cross between cream soda and Dr. Pepper, but better. PRICE: Very moderate, and I am a fan of cheap desserts. Great, authentic, exotic cuisine for a reasonable price makes me even more of a fan. If you are in Rock Hill, I suggest you stop here for eats. If you are in Charlotte, I suggest you drive here for eats. If you think you live too far away to make the trip, then you have my sympathy. Thank you, Carlos Cafe, for giving South Carolina a one-up on cuisine.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,3/17/2012,49,306,4,6,3>You wouldn't think there'd be much to say about a key shop, especially one so small, but this place is fantastic!First, the location is key.  It's in its own little tidy shack in the parking lot at the Park Road shopping center, right outside of Blackhawk hardware.When you peek in behind the counter, you'll see an immaculately kept workspace and rack after rack of keys and accessories.  The guy who runs the place usually has some good music going, and when you tell him what you need, he goes to his manual key grinder and gets the job done in no time at all.  The prices are reasonable, and the attention to quality is top notch.I'll tell you why it's worth going here rather than somewhere else like Lowes or Home Depot. Most places these days seem to use those automatic key making machines, where the unskilled attendant plugs in your key, then the blank, then pushes a button and lets the robot do the rest.  These machines put out garbage, and you're as likely as not going to have to come back and get the key redone.  And maybe again after that.Go to Park Road and let a human cut your key right the first time.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,3/16/2012,83,19,8,10,9>See my photos and you may think we packed out this small 6 table, 12 seat Vietnamese shop.  if you are reading all my reviews and you better or you will miss out, you no i have jock friends, that is pretty much all of my friends and if you no about jocks they eat alot.  Korean Beef ribs in a fruity BBQ sauce, ummmm, wait this is a Vietnamese place, Korean ribs, yes that is what they are called, we had two stacks, fresh rolls a Vietnamese favorite, but these are huge, if you are not looking at my photos this is not trick photo graphy, this time+ Lotus Root, all these Shrimp and pork salad we ordered because of the twins, review, thanks jock twins.  sauce sause, sauce and more sauce, then Pho, Pho like i've never had before, mint instead of Thai basil, a tiny amount of cilantro, noodles more like fat round spagetti noodles and Bologna, in Pho, lemongrass, bones cooked for 12 hours she said.Four a bunch of blonde and blue cracker crumbs they treat us like we can take the heat, spicey oh so nice and perfectly spicey, 5 stars on the ribs, my first time with Korean.don't you dare say anything about my photos unless it is positive I took 48 photos here and picked the best.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,3/15/2012,151,183,5,8,7>If you speak Mandarin, you can request whatever Asian cuisine your heart desires.  Bliss!  Since my Chinese is about as rocky as a kindergarten students', I like to drag my parents with me.  We always order up a storm- not exactly sure how to translate the dishes ordered but I'm sure you get the point.  This is as authentic as authentic gets in Charlotte (even some of the foods on the regular menu).  Absolutely love the owner, the wait staff, and the food.Step out of your comfort zone.  That's how you'll get to experience the authentic.  Junk like sweet and sour chicken is not authentic.  Have fun!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,3/14/2012,54,199,2,2,2>Fantastic Mexican food!! Very unassuming restaurant in a little strip mall  on Old Monroe Rd. You must find this place & give it a try next time you're in the Indian Trail area. The chorizo quesadilla was top notch. Hell, anything chorizo gets my vote! If there is a downside, it's that there is no alcohol served. I can live with that. Highly recommend this place!!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,3/13/2012,32,92,1,8,3>We had never purchased anything from the Meat House before, but that didn't stop me from bidding on a charity's silent auction item that featured several selections from their store.Several months after winning, I called the store owner and he was incredibly helpful, letting me know that I only needed to call them 20-30 minutes in advance to have my package ready for pickup.When we picked up our order, I was truly impressed by so much about the store: The variety and quality of their meats, cheeses and wine, and the samples of their meat, olive oil and vinegar on display. The storefront seems more like a place you'd find in Napa, California or Tuscany, rather than in Charlotte, North Carolina.The employees were friendly the moment I approached the place, with one wishing me a great day even as she was leaving at the end of her shift, and holding the door for me.I scoured the store looking for something truly unique to buy along with my auction items, and settled on crab cakes, one of my favorites since I'm from the Maryland area. A man behind the counter took pains to get me the best recipe to fix them, and even recommended a restaurant in town that he thought served the "best" once he knew I was a crab cake aficionado.I returned home with a slew of meat and a delighted husband, who graciously packed up everything in freezer/FoodSaver bags in portions we would eat. Everything we unwrapped was exceptionally fresh and a far step above what you might find in a grocery store's butcher selection.To date, we've feasted on hamburgers, chicken breasts, "meat house" marinated turkey tips and maple bourbon marinated steak tips. Last night we had the steak tips, which is what prompted me to write this review. Everything is delicious, but I could not get ENOUGH of the maple bourbon steak tips. As someone who "hates" bourbon (thanks to a college experience with some) I was wary of these tips, and ordered them only because my husband wanted them.They were the most delicately flavored, savory and tender bites of meat I've had in a long, long time. My husband is bragging to his friends about this "great deal" that I scored, and we look forward to trying the many other items we ordered from the Meat House. We are new customers, and we will most DEFINITELY be back. The quality of the food we've had from them is simply unparalleled. You owe it to yourself to try this place out.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,3/12/2012,40,65,,4,1>I have been going to Duckworths on Park Rd. for a few years now and really enjoy it, so I was really glad to see this one opening up a little closer to the house.This location is set up in similar fashion to the Park Rd. location, but much larger, and about twice as many TVs. The place is pretty nice, but not much in the way of atmosphere.The service was pretty good. Our server was attentive, and very pleasant. My glass was never empty for longer than a minute or two without him checking on us. He seemed to know the food menu fairly well, but didn't have the same level of understanding of the beer menu.The selection is terrific. 80 Taps + 1 cask. If you can't find a beer that suits you here, you won't find one anywhere. Really a vast selection of great local and regional beers, as well as some Midwest and west coast beers. The food is the same menu as the other Charlotte location. Decent food at a decent price. Nothing that will knock your socks off, but better than many beer centric places that I have been.Overall, this is a great addition to the Charlotte beer scene.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,3/11/2012,18,70,,5,2>Finally I made it here!  It is hidden in a shopping center near walmart and a bit tricky to find, it doesn't even have a sign.  But it is totally worth the search! Like a magical treasure hunt that leads you to the emerald palace.I have been craving some vegan comfort food and this place is all about that!  yup, even us vegans need some yummy belt loosening comfort food.First of all the guy working the front was super friendly and helpful.  I was so overwhelmed by the options I thought I was going to have to order one of everything but he helped steer me in the right direction.  I walked away with the buffalo chicken cheese steak and a side of mac & cheese.  My eyes were bigger than my belly and it filled me up with leftovers to spare.  I like it hot and the buffalo steak did not disappoint.  The mac & cheese was great as well, they put corn in it which I thought was a nice touch.Truth be told I'm addicted and will surely be back for more!  Thank goodness I don't live closer or it may become a problem.Thank you zizis for satisfying my vegan taste buds and belly!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,3/10/2012,30,51,1,6,4>I've seen this taco truck a number of times because my office is right up the street.  I finally ventured over today by foot because the weather was so beautiful!  The smell was very alluring and although I had already eaten lunch and swore I wouldn't get anything, I couldn't resist!  I had a marinated chicken taco with fresh cilantro and salsa verde.  YUMMMMM!!!  The chicken was evenly seasoned and did not overpower the chicken or the fresh salsa.  It also wasn't too spicy..I controlled that.  I will be making this a weekly stop now and I suggest anyone that works near Southpark or off of corporate Arrowood get their asses over to this authentic taco truck!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,3/9/2012,69,121,4,5,4>It's actually been a month or maybe a little longer since the last time I've been here, and I have no idea why it took me so long to write this.  But here it goes.Okay, so even though Yelpers have mentioned you have to be a member, I didn't read this before the last time I went.  The reason being that I had been once before for a happy hour with a friend of mine and a bunch of her friends.  I guess one (or most of them) had memberships here because this was not an issue at all, and it was a great time.  So several weeks ago when I was out with some people and it was suggested that we go somewhere to play pool, this was the place I thought of first.  I told them about how the last time I was there, it wasn't crowded at all but the few people who appeared to be regulars seemed like a good crowd, and it was quiet, good ambiance, beer selection, and there were a few pool tables.We got there and as we were walking up, I noticed a sign that I also had not seen the last time I went, stating that you had to be a member.  Whoops.  We walk in and I ask what one has to do to become a member.  I thought, like most bars, that it would be to pay a couple dollars and sign your email address on a mailing list.  Nope - $20!  I was also told that they had just had two large parties back to back and were getting ready to close up for the night.  Dissappointed and slightly embarrassed, I went back to my group and told them this.  We were in the middle of trying to decide on a new location when another woman who had also been behind the bar (Manager??  Owner maybe??) poked her head out of the door and said we were welcome to come back in, play some pool and have a beer.  So we did.The pool tables are actually antique, which really added to the homey tavern-like ambiance.  We all ordered relatively cheap beers - I believe everyone may have just had Yeungling since we were going for something easy for the bartenders.  But it looked like they had a great selection!  Anyway, we played a game and drank a few beers and were on our way.  The women behind the bar were super friendly and were happy to answer more questions about the place.  Their customer service was really outstanding.  All in all it was another great experience and if I lived closer then I would definitely shell out the money for membership!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,3/8/2012,30,130,2,2,3>I was introduced to Tanaka's a few months ago.  The food is simply amazing.  I used to just get the take-out and go home but have made it a weekly dinner spot for me and family.  And everyone loves it.  We like to start our meal with edamame...with spring and/or egg rolls ans some SUSHI.   OK...edamame is simple...but when you have a piping hot spring roll....and that great ponzu-like dipping sauce...mmmmmm it makes you forget you order anything else!  And I had to put CAPS on the SUSHI.  I used to love a local sushi place near home...but now...I drive nearly 10 miles past it ....just to get to Tanakas.  After appetizers...out comes the gigantic hibachi bowl...loaded with the best fried rice and chicken, shrimp, steak combo.  Or....a combo plate of fried rice, chicken and veggies!!  Great great stuff.  And where do you go and get a whole bottle of shrimp sauce for the table??  Great service, great food!  "Tanaka's tanight?"  Tanaka's any night...except Sunday.  Ohhh what a shame...but the great chef's there...deserve a break too!!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,3/7/2012,93,189,1,4,5>Whoa, nelly, what a breakfast!!!  My friend and I were hungry for a starchy, gut-busting brunch on Sunday and the line to the International House of Pranksters was out the door, so we opted for a lesser-known breakfast joint in the University area.Bigger Bite is located in a restaurant with several re-incarnations, all of which have left traces of their pasts.  In the latest re-incarnation, Bigger Bite is a soul food/Egyptian restaurant with cool murals of pyramids.  We were greeted and seated by the gracious owner, whose name I found out was Eva.  We began our breakfast with excellent coffee (unlike so many soul food restaurants) and I order the lumber jack breakfast platter.  For $7, it include 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and hashbrowns.  The plate skimped on the meat and over-compensated with starches, in my opinion, but was quite tasty.  Of course, I ordered the large orange juice, 20 oz. to be exact.  I think the owner was the lone server that morning and the wait was longer than I expected, but she did a fantastic job of re-filling our coffee and making sure that we had everything we needed.  I haven't tried the lunch menu, which by the looks was thoroughly Egyptian. But I can safely vouch for the thoroughly American breakfast-this place puts IHOP to shame!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/6/2012,154,294,,6,4>This place is probably the only Thai restaurant I go to when I'm craving it. The curry is just right for me, it hast the right amount of heat and it's still good in flavor. The appetizers are awesome as well. Inside, it's nice and spacious. This isn't the best place to watch a game, but an awesome place for a date or a nice night out.If I had to choose any chinese restaurant or here, this place would get it hands down every single time. This place is a lot more authentic than any "Chinese" will ever be.Come here and enjoy your time!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,3/5/2012,20,174,,2,4>A table outside on a sunny, 65 degree January day- sure I'll sit there. A table that seats five and I dine alone on this afternoon, I feel guilty (for a moment). Start off with a glass of cucumber water- that did not ever go empty! Amazing considering my thirst. The place was pretty empty but the wait staff was extremely on the ball and fast-talking ...listen closely to the menu changes and specials :) Don't worry, they'll repeat for you slow listeners. I was disappointed when I heard the famous squash blossoms weren't available ("out of season" ??). The substitute was a purple sweet potato croquette, although I did not try. After browsing the menu and a few questions for Rach, I went with the OM  burger with goat cheese with quinoa salad. After a few more gulps of cucumber water, my burger arrives on a nice crusty bun. I really! enjoyed this burger, the goat cheese sets it off against that jalapeno mayo. Great recommendation.The staff and clientele here are super friendly and cool- a group of three joined me mid-bite (I offered *wave over*) after one of them expressed their disappointment with no outside seating available. I'll be back to try the squash blossoms and indian tacos.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,3/4/2012,53,163,1,4,5>Went here for the first time last night (Tue).  They have 1/2 price martinis which was good because I needed me some vodka, and having it 1/2 price made it all the better!  Started with the queso with pulled pork.  I thought it was really good and the small was plentiful for 2 of us.  My other friend had the bruschetta and he seemed to enjoy it.  I went with brisket on the servers recommendation, and opted for lean with mac n cheese.  Brisket was good, but I wish I had gotten fatty, it seemed like it would have been a bit tastier.  The hushpuppies were awesome!!  I really loved them.  I liked the onions, they were nice and sweet.  Mac n cheese was okay, least favorite part of the meal.Service was good, we were seated right away since it was early.  I really liked the interior of this place and they had a great 80s music station on which I loved!  I had no issue with saltiness with any of the food and I am someone who doesn't add salt to anything so I would have noticed right away.  All in all I liked it a lot and I would not hesitate to go back, its close to home too, so yay!!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,3/3/2012,41,363,,4,2>I had never heard of the place until I saw it on the Charlotte Restaurant Week website. The miss' decided that she wanted to go here based on the menu, so I made reservations a couple of weeks ago and we had our meal tonight. I have to say that it was one of the most amazing meals we've had since coming to the Charlotte area and we can't wait to go back again!The restaurant appears pretty large with high ceilings and a lot of open space. The tables are not cramped together so you get a good amount of personal space. It makes Alton's a pretty nice, fancy place for an intimate dinner with a loved one.We were greeted and  seated right away upon coming in, and the waitress came by soon after. She was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and the other servers nearby seemed to be just as friendly. Now on to the food!For an appetizer I ordered the lobster bisque. It was simply divine! It was a nice, creamy soup with tons of lobster flavor. It also had a bit of heat to it, which was unexpected but highly appreciated. The weird thing was that they plopped a dallop of mashed potatoes in the middle of the bowl. As weird as it sounds (at least to me coming from the northeast...maybe it's a traditional southern thing?) it really worked well and made for a super de-duper soup. The miss' ordered the shrimp cocktail which were also very good. The shrimp were fresh and firm, so they had that "crunch" to them that I love from shrimp cocktail. The appetizers really bowled us over and we were looking forward to the rest of the meal.Next came the salads. Normally I would say "the house salad is your typical house salad", but this is not the case at Altons. I ordered the house salad which came with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, croutons, fresh bacon crumble (none of that bacon bits here) and their homemade creamy garlic ranch. The dressing and bacon really elevated this salad above most other house salads I've had at restaurants. The miss' went with the wedge salad which had even more bacon and their homemade bleu cheese dressing. I normally shy away from bleu cheese, but I found this one to be extremely good, and it's something that I would consider ordering next time.Then came the entrees. I ordered the lamb shank, and it is to die for. They dish up a HUGE portion of lamb on top of a bed of their awesome mashed potatoes (such a huge portion that I had to bring half home with me...something I rarely do.) It's all covered in some kind of red wine au jus that made an excellent sauce. The lamb was ridiculously tender, like fall off the bone with just a fork tender. It had a great lamb taste to it, but it was nowhere near as "gamey" as other lamb I've had. It was a really great lamb dish, and if you've got a craving for lamb this is the place to go. The miss' ordered the salmon special and this one really beat our expectations. I normally look down on the lowly salmon, but Altons prepares it in such a way that it's elevated above any other salmon's station in life. It was firm yet tender, didn't have that distinctive "salmon" taste that I'm not a huge fan of, and the glaze they serve it with really brought the meal home.Then came dessert. I ordered the apple walnut cobbler, which is exactly what it sounds like...warm apple mixed with walnuts, and it's covered with a generous scoop of vanilla bean ice cream that is dusted with cinnamon. I love apples and vanilla ice cream, so this dessert was most excellent in my book. The miss' had the white chocolate bread pudding, and while I hate to say it, it was better than the cobbler. The bread pudding had a great sweetness to it, and it was cooked perfectly. What really did it was the white chocolate chunks of goodness buried inside. This is high-quality white chocolate...none of that chalky aftertaste here. Just a warm, wonderful bite of sweet bread, cinnamon, and a blast of white chocolate. Simply amazing!Alton's not only met our expectation, but blew them clear out of the water. The ambiance, service, and most importantly, the food, are all of the highest quality. I would highly recommend taking the trip up here if you want to share a tastetacular meal with a loved one. It would definitely make a great date night destination! I know that we'll be back here soon.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,3/2/2012,155,972,3,6,3>Ooey gooey deliciousness! My first experience of their yummy goodness was at one of the local art galleries. They had truffles, caramel sauces, and a cake in a jar. Yes, I said it, cake in a jar. It was fantastic! I didn't have room in my belly to eat dessert at the time, but once I got home, I popped it in the microwave for a few seconds (as instructed) and it came out warm and fantastic! I found myself scraping the sides of the glass and even skimming the bottom with my finger to get every last taste of its sweetness. I love how it's a locally owned business and they take pride in every creation. If you find them at a farmer's market or if they are showcasing at another gallery, pick up one of their tasty desserts and treat yourself (or skip the hunt and go directly to their online store). You deserve it and they deserve your business!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,3/1/2012,170,55,3,3,3>If you don't already know this, Irish Pubs are known equally as well for their booze (ales, whiskey, and lager!) as they are for their "pub food." I award 5 stars to Ri Ra for exemplifying the latter quality in its lunch menu. Granted, the place only offers sandwiches (and salads too I guess) at noon, but they are absolutely, positively, worth the trip. Almost everdyday the lunch menu offers a "special," which tends to be the most succulent sandwich filler one could ever conjure up in their kitchen. They take a perfectly roasted pork loin, for example, and carve thick slices, which are then layered on top of a freshly baked roll. These rolls are never crunchy or stale; they don't cut the roof of your mouth when you bite in (ouch!), nor do they get soggy when adding condoments. I'm not quite sure how this phenomenon is achieved, but it's kudos-worthy. I hate when my tomato becomes part of the bread. BLEAGH. These rolls on the contrary, are so fresh and soft, they're practically falling apart, until glued in place by the panini grill. Unlike other delis/lunch spots, you should keep your sandwich simple, because the ingredients and toppings are so fresh and flavorful it would be a shame to spoil the fun. The special pork sandwich with mustard, cheese, lettuce, and tomato is mind-bogglingly good, and I have often heard that the turkey with cranberry being referred to as "Christmas in a bun." You decide.AND YOU GET A PICKLE!! I mean seriously, just when you thought life couldn't get any better, you get a pickle for the win. I'll definitely be filling out my loyalty card here (8 sandwiches, get one free). And you need to be beating the lunch rush, because once the special is out.... its OUT. Word has gotten out about the magic that happens at Ri Ra though, so don't get left behind :P5/5
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,2/29/2012,37,69,3,7,4>Cozy place with old brick charm that manages to successfully bridge the 602km, two countries (Slovenia and Croatia), and the Adriatic Sea  to offer both traditional Serbian and Italian fare. Somehow, this formula works!Came here on a late fall Friday night around 6:00pm and was able to get seated immediately, though things soon changed. By 7:00 there were people waiting in line to sit outside, though the enclosed (and actually acceptably warm) patio had plenty of space. The takeaway: arrive early, this place fills up!Inside, the tables are spacious, not too crowded, and a good place to relax! Service was stellar and happy to help us take advantage of the $3 draft Stella or Fat Tire beer specials. Well played!We ordered the much acclaimed Ground Beef Burek and the Wood Grilled Vegetable Sandwich. As fate would have it, right after ordering the table next to us began wafting a buttery-garlic aroma that resulted in 8.0 rumble in my tummy. We had to call back the waitress for an order of the garlic bread sticks. Yum.Food was all-around delicious. The Burek is simply amazing: fillo dough encasing beef and onions. While the description made me think of flaky fillo dough like on Greek spanikopida, it is actually more on the doughy side (in a very positive way!). Definitely worth it and I would )and plan to) come back for the express purpose of getting this again.I had a few bites of the Vegetable Sandwich and it was a very well put together mix of veggies and cheese. The garlic bread sticks were good, but I was expecting more based on the smell--probably worth getting once.I shall return to sample more Serbian food!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,2/28/2012,146,260,3,8,6>The first time I ate here was so so, but Grant was very receptive to my feedback and said he'd do some changes and the second time trying this out I was much more pleased with product. They've addressed most of my complaints from chow down and improved on them in pretty creative ways.I feel like they're slowly working out the kinks since they're fairly new so I'm sure with time it'll get even better. The slow service from chow down is a bit speedier this time which is probably because they're not being mobbed by tons of hungry people. They've replaced the sushi with hibachi due to some conflict with the city regulations. The underseasoning and undersauced situation with the tacos has been amended, apparently they add in the sauce to the filling as they are being cooked now, and it shows the ingredients still taste super fresh while being infused with whichever type of sauce you decide on for your hibachi or taco entree. Even their hibachi is quite a bit healthier than the normal fare! They make their shrimp sauce with a less butter and no mayo instead opting for a lighter yogurt based sauce which tastes pretty delicious.I feel it's worth mentioning that all of their food is organic and freshly made to order so the prices are really quite reasonable. Only thing I'm left wanting for is gimme them desserts and side items! I want sweet potato fries and those fruit and chocolate fried wontons I tried at chow down. Otherwise Keep it up Maki Taco!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2011,2/27/2012,74,627,2,2,2>Very nice hostess noted our rqst for a view w/b open soon & could we wait in the bar? Bar has nice sofa area w/tv. Nice place to relax w/friends anytime! The restaurant itself is arranged w/nice flow & we weren't on top of our neighboring diners! Our waitress Melissa was charming & informative to our questions. The Pork Rib app was delicious-would like that as a whole meal! House Salad was split for us & the dressing was really good! Not overpowered with citric acid or vinegar! The Swedish Meatballs w/Lingonberry were also delicious. The Cod w/Yellow Curry was perfectly cooked. If you're not sure you like yellow curry have them put it on the side. MUST TRY BREAD PUDDING! It's really almost a brioche!  The clientele is eclectic & pleasant which makes dining here a relaxing & fun experience.  You can dress up or go casual & you will feel welcomed.  Don't let strip mall location turn you away.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,2/26/2012,50,331,4,6,5>Milagro! Good Mexican in NC! Say what you want about So. Cal's immigration probs, the accompanying food is friggin awesome! I missed (ie. was mad fienin') some real, good, filling, comforting, diet busting Mexican upon moving to NC. When I worked a few miles from Las Margarita, I musta passed this place in a run down (seemingly half vacant) strip mall on seedy Independence a million times. Muchos Gracias to my coworker at my next job for enlightening me. In the eight (nine???) years I've been here, this is the best Meh-he-can I've found. When you walk in for lunch and the place is fulla south of the border patrons, that's a great sign. When the eats are cheap, like the best places in L.A., that's an even better sign. Fajitas. Good. Street tacos. Freakin' good. Burritos, chimichangas, enchiladas... amen&pass the salsa, I'm home!!!! I have never been disappointed. I don't make the drive often enough (I live in the north boonies) but when I'm down there, it's Las Margarita for mi, mi hombre, mijo y bambino.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,2/25/2012,182,166,4,6,6>On Thursday, Aug. 18th, I had the pleasure of visiting Alexander Michael's for dinner.  This was probably the fifth or sixth time I have eaten at this local neighborhood gem, and I can assuredly tell you, this Alexander Michael's experience was just as good as the first.My date and I walked in pleasantly surprised that despite the warm, quiet, lazy, summer evening outside, Alexander Michael's was cool, dark, and very lively on the inside.  We were directly escorted to a table in the cozy restaurant, just behind the bar.  My date ordered the chicken pita with fries (I've taken a picture of it), I ordered the craw fish bake (see pic).  The bake was a cross between a shrimp pasta and a seafood casserole.  It was perfectly gooey and cheesy - but not heartstoppingly so.  As for my date's pita; she loved it.  I had a few bites and can attest to its legitimacy.  Both OUR MEALS WERE EXCELLENT!!  I am truly of fan of this elegant and intimate Charlotte jewel. To me, Alexander Michael's is a place where you can get elegant, all-american bar food, but with an upscale twist.  If you haven't been to Alexander Michael's - GO!  If you've already been, GO AGAIN!!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,2/24/2012,25,251,3,6,5>YIPEEEEE HALF-PRICED FAJITAS EVERYDAY 4-6! Whoops, I got carried away.  Shall we proceed with the review?  I can't believe I've driven by this place so many times, and missed it's existence.  Tucked away in the back corner of the shopping center featuring William Sonoma and Bricktops, you almost have to know it's there or you could miss it. The service was really friendly, quick, unpretentious, and as soon as we sat down, a bowl of hot crispy chips appeared at our table, with two salsas.  I was THRILLED with my steak and shrimp combo fajitas.  The tortillas are made fresh in house. LOTS of juicy, caramelized peppers and onions, and some kind of butter melted over it for extra decadence. Plenty of toppings and goodies (which is what I love about fajitas!) mean lots of ooey-gooey-drip-down-your-hand-and-arm goodness. Our server also recommended the Paco's Tacos and shrimp tacos, which were also super flavorful.  The brisket is smoked for 6 hours, and extra tender, perfectly seasoned...the shrimp, breaded and fried, and a bit sweet from the cabbage. If I weren't such a fajita fanatic, I would have downed both tacos. Notes: Lots of drink specials.  Manager walked around to check up on us several times. Nice dining room area with booths and TV's...another bar area with LOTS of tequila, and another side section of dark polished wood stools...and an outdoor seating area. Next time we have friends in town, this would be a good place to have a gathering. Bottom Line:  I'm not a connoisseur of Mexican or Tex Mex or whatever Paco Taco is associated with...but it's mighty tasty, and just feels like a comfortable restaurant I'd like to come back to again and again. PS:  Had the fried ice cream...which is good, but what I liked about it was the marshmallow fluff on the side!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,2/23/2012,66,101,3,6,5>I. Love. This. Place.  We had gone a couple of times before, but just to walk around and eat in the restaurant, it it was nice, but nothing spectacular.  Yesterday we went and did the All-Sport pass and it was AWESOME.  Rafting was great, but kayaking was the jam!  You can just take the kayaks out and float around the Catawba all day long!  There are spots that are shallow that you can hop out of the kayak and splash around, and even though it was a holiday (Memorial Day), it wasn't super duper crowded, which was really nice.  There were a lot of people there, but the wait wasn't long for anything at all.  We didn't get to try the adventure course or the Climb2Zip, but we'll definitely be back for that!  What a great way to spend a beautiful day, we are so lucky to have this place in our area.WEAR SUNSCREEN THOUGH, GUYS. Seriously.Also, if you have young'ins or toddlers, the most you'll probably be able to do is walk along the trails or around the rafting area.  Leave the kiddies at home if you want to do any of the activities.  I think around 9-10 years old is the age you need to be to do the other activities.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,2/22/2012,38,184,,7,4>I love Mexican food--especially authentic tacos--and constantly seek out places that are renowned for them. So, I was excited to hear that the owner of Prickly Pear had opened a new fast-casual Mexican place called Burrito Loco. Of course, I had to try the tacos!Burrito Loco is similar to Chipotle, Salsarita's and Qdoba in concept, but different in execution. At Burrito Loco, you order at the counter and take a seat. Your food is made fresh, and they will bring it to you when ready. My wait was less than five minutes.    So, what did I get?  I chose two orders of tacos, including two tacos in each, for just $5.50 (per order):1) Loco - adobo steak, jack cheese, guacamole, pico, green onions, cotija cheese, and chipotle crema2) Fish - tempura battered fish, cabbage, pico, and poblano tartar sauceEach order came with chips and salsa. I also got the salsa trio for $1.50, which has a few different salsas.  I'm a huge fan of Prickly Pear's salsa and while I'm not sure any of these were the same recipe, all were quite good.  Authentic tacos are served on corn tortillas, and that's how Burrito Loco served theirs. Their tacos were generously filled. While I usually go for carnitas (pork) tacos, I think the adobo steak tacos rival some of the best carnitas tacos I have had. (I actually chose the steak over the pork because they have cheese, while the pork tacos do not.) The steak was cut into small pieces and was very crispy. The cheese, guacamole, and crema added great flavor.  What was really unique, though, was that they doubled up on the corn tortillas, and melted some of the cheese in between.  Double yum!The fish tacos each came with a generous piece of tempura fish.  I don't know what kind of fish it was - I can only tell you it was good.  The tartar sauce was a nice addition and added to the flavor.  There are other options on the menu, such as burritos (ranging from $5.50 to $6) and quesadillas (ranging from $6 to $7).  I might break away from my taco habit to try them in the future, but then again, I might not.  Other unique options are the chipotle burger and a mexican dog, both for just $5.50.The atmosphere is simple but clean and comfortable. Service is also attentive and friendly. They have a lot of booths and well-spaced tables, so you don't feel like you are siting on top of your neighbor.All in all, Burrito Loco serves fantastically delicious authentic tacos. And with prices so reasonable, I can easily become a regular!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,2/21/2012,61,127,4,31,16>Located in Matthews Festival next to Fontanella is Fujimi, a new hibachi steakhouse in Matthews. With a few friends, I decided to see what they are all about, with the "coming soon" signs taunting me for months.The decor is very traditional Japanese restaurant and has a familiar feel.  There is a standard dining room for items from the kitchen and sushi bar as well as a room with 4 hibachi grills.  Tonight, we opted to go for the hibachi experience. Our server was exceptionally friendly and helpful. When asking about menu items, she did admit that she has not yet tried certain things (and I appreciate that honesty), but given that they are brand new that's to be expected; she was, however, a great help and enthusiastic about the menu.The miso soup was light and refreshing, with finely cut onion and tender mushroom; the salad course featured the character ginger dressing which, to my liking, was not overly spicy.  Our chef was fun and put on a great show - the standard "acts", but with some freshness and his own unique personality coming through.  I did have a hibachi first at Fujimi: in the middle of his presentation he asked all of us if we were 21 and if we had our IDs...what followed was a squirt bottle full of sake and seeing who at the table could "chug" the longest when he sprayed from his side of the grill (for the record, I won at 25 seconds).Our food was very tasty - the hibachi comes with, in addition to the soup and salad, fried rice, soba noodles, mixed vegetables, a couple pieces of shrimp, and your protein of choice. Everything was very well seasoned and full of flavor. The chef was very good about reserving a couple pieces of each protein to offer to the others in our group so we could try everything, which I appreciated.  Though I rarely do when I'm out, we opted to try the desserts as well.  My tempura friend cheesecake was quite delicious, and arrived from the kitchen with a stunning presentation - next time I will have to order an entree from the kitchen as well. It was crispy on the outside while still cool on the inside.  My friends opted to try the green tea ice cream (I snagged a bite, and it is pretty darn good too).  You can order the ice cream fried as well.  The red bean ice cream sounded very tempting too.As we were wrapping up, the owner came to our table to thank us and ask us what we thought - I really enjoy that kind of interaction and was pleasantly surprised.Final verdict: with many similarities to other hibachi restaurants, Fujimi has some great, unique qualities that make it well worth your time to check out!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,2/20/2012,61,87,5,11,7>So... we finally did it.  We committed to buying a puppy.  Let me first tell you about the where and the why...I have been looking on line for months for a dog but just hadn't found the right one.  I stumbled upon Impeccable Paws on the web and called to see just what they were about.  They are a full service dog boutique, pet spa, doggy day care and boarding facility they also provide in home dog care and pick up and delivery.  They sell teacup size puppies and are specialists in the teacup brand.  I was looking for a teacup so I decided to check this place out.  They have the cutest dog bling around and everything you can imagine you might need for your fur baby, at very reasonable prices.    What I was most impressed with was the owners Dan and his wife and their true passion and love for all things canine.  They have a sign that hangs in their shop that reads:  "Enter as a stranger and leave as a Friend"... this could not be more fitting.  As a woman just then walked in and Dan knew her by name along with her doggie Elvis.Now, as I said, I have been looking for a dog for months.  What I found at Impeccable Paws was more than just another pet shop puppy.  You can find hundreds of those on the Internet relatively inexpensive.  This teacup Yorkie was different.  It was if I was buying one of the owners own children.  Dan raises these doggies in his home with his family and 7 doggie children.  She is a very well behaved and social puppy.  Dan is really fantastic with dogs and has some of the most well trained dogs around.  When we picked up our Lil bundle of joy Dan spent about 45 mins with us "brain dumping" all he knew about raising a teacup.  I guess we had the deer in the headlights look about us because he assured us... this is just the beginning not nearly the end and if we had any questions we could call him on his cell at any hour or day.  Purchasing a puppy from Impeccable Paws comes with a 2 year health guarantee as well as their puppy package which includes all you will need to raise your baby.  I can't say enough good things about Impeccable Paws.  I love shopping at locally owned establishments and this place is definitely the place to go to get your doggie accoutrement's and services.  Over the top commitment and service... that's where I'm spending my money!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,2/19/2012,102,232,3,10,7>I took that fateful step and dipped my first bite of that delicious looking chicken into a sauce I thought was cocktail or marinara. Lo and behold it truly was barbecue sauce - likely the most amazing I have ever had!This was the effect Tenders had on me. One previous reviewer classified this as "fast food" but I wouldn't even put it in that category despite the fact that it is in many ways. The fried chicken is juicy and spices cover it with a flavorful embrace. The dipping sauces are honestly to die for. Like I said before, the barbeque looks a lot like cocktail or marinara sauce but its surprisingly a delicious barbeque. And the sweet yet spicy chipotle is a great combination for even those of us who typically don't do spicy so well. The fresh, crispy fries appear to be covered with sea salt - better than the table alternative.Seal the deal with a desert of granny smith apples soaked in pineapple juice and dipped in a caramel-like Heath bar medley. The staff is awesomely friendly and helpful and even the other patrons of the restaurant are willing to converse with a stranger. Tenders is a delightfully simple eating experience for which I could pass on any fast food alternative any day!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,2/18/2012,88,357,2,4,3>I have been to Black Finn a few times in the past to drink but never to eat.  I always think of this place as more of a bar than a restaurant.  I guess some people do eat here.  This review is based on an excellent experience provided by Black Finn for a buddy's birthday.       The atmosphere here consists of a two level bar with a kind of staged Irish bar feel.  There are a decent amount of TVs at Black Finn, mostly on the second floor, though I have never seen people watch sports here.  The crowd on a weekend night consists of people of all ages, and covers your frat guy to your business guy.  For this night, Black Finn offered a great birthday package from what I gather was free.  It included for all guests an arrival without a cover, a $25 card for the birthday guest, free light appetizers, and special drink pricing of $2 beers and $4 mix drinks.  The pricing and free cover was well liked by all especially being that this was on a Friday night.  The hostess we had for the night, Kat...I believe, was attentive, positive, and made the night very enjoyable.Overall - This was a surprisingly great setup by Black Finn that added to an excellent night out with friends.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,2/17/2012,101,196,4,4,4>if you dont like bad ass indian food, then dont come here...the garlic naan was freakin delish, chicken tikka masalla was simply flavorful and juicy like my wermens...and the service was impeccableon the pricey side for dinner and indian food in my opinion but well worth it, ill be coming here for some lunch time meals and to help put me to sleep when i get back to work...three words yummoi would had given this place 4 stars but i was not expecting this in charlotte...
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,2/16/2012,63,221,14,7,7>??? did you follow me, to see if I was gonna do it.. Well... I've done it.This is another place that my job at the time used often. We would have about 8 orders from my job at the time.I almost wanna write 2 reviews so the place could get 10 stars from me. I love this place. (check the open and closing time).This place has been around for a many years. Actually has a 2nd location. Everytime I speak on this place, I tell ppl that they will bring you a TO-GO BOX when they bring your food out b/c YOU WILL NOT finish the food. Salt & Pepper fish, shrimpNot sure why in the south ordering Tea is heard as... "PLEASE BRING ME BROWN SUGAR WATER...PLEASE...PLEASE"... no biggie, its the norm around these parts. No knock on this place. I always get the Create you Combo... 3 for (I forgot how much) instead of the Create Your Own 2 for (I forgot how much) your choice of BROILED, FRIED, BLACKENDDifferent choices of Fish, Scallops, Oysters, Shrimp,Scallops are huge, Oysters are ummm OysterYHushpuppies are good... (I usually only eat 3 or 4...don't want to get full off fried bread balls)-----   Only knock on this place is the PARKING LOT.......... ROCKS/DIRT. I just washed my car, all shiny and sparkley, tires lookin wet...UNTILLLLLLLLLLL!!!! EKK EKKK EKKKKKI hit the parking lot. This location in S.C. probably offers MORE food to plate ratio. (since its the original location). I often ordered the Crab Legs to go from the SC location. I'll think I'll write a review on the other location as well.  (CTRL + C, CTRL V) this article. Go Enjoy
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,2/15/2012,56,401,4,6,4>Just like the previous location of Empire Pizza...this one is a hit.  The sauce...the pizza...spot on!  The difference is that this location is much nicer in my opinion.  The inside has a modern pizza and beer feel.  It's a nice place to bring the family for a pie...or meet up later with friends or coworkers to grab a beer.  There are TVs with sports on and a good variety of beers on tap.This is my favorite pizza joint in Rock Hill!  Thanks for the wonderful tomato sauce!I only have one suggestion for Empire.  The booths are a bit cheap.  This makes me feel like you're unsure of how you're business is going to do in the long-run.  My advice is to spend some money and have someone come in and build heavy, sturdy, booths to last for the many years you'll be in business.Like I've said before in many pizza reviews, it's not the best pizza you've ever had, but it's pretty good...and certainly the best you'll find in Rock Hill so far.Oh...and thanks for always keeping my water refilled...it's a bigger deal to some of us than you think!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,2/14/2012,20,44,2,13,5>We decided to check out E2 on opening night.  Why? Because how often do you get a chance to watch an icon of the food business cook in person, that's why! Our journey started with a call to make a reservation, the lady I spoke with was super friendly as well as very prompt but thorough.  She asked if there were any allergies that they should be aware of, which instantly signaled that this was not going to be a normal night out.  After arriving at E2, we were greeted with a wonderful ambiance and also several staff members, all willing to lend a helping hand in assisting us with our evening.  And then we were seated in front of the kitchen area, which is open to view from nearly the entire restaurant.  Emeril waved as we walked in and greeted us with a warm smile.  Our waiter came and offered us drinks, and presented us with the menu.  We decided to try the chicken and waffle for an appetizer, followed by the duck for myself and the filet mignon for my wife, and finally finishing the meal with the huckleberry upside down cake with brown butter ice cream.  I must say that the chicken and waffles were the heavenly! My wife who doesn't like dark meat chicken even ex pained that if all dark meat tasted like theirs, she would eat dark meat almost exclusively.With the exception of the steak, which was not cooked to our specifications, everything s cooked perfectly. But even with the steak, before my wife could really eat any of it, our waiter was right there, and insisted that he takes it back for them to correct the situation.  The plating was also very nice, but the thing that struck the highest note to me, wasn't the food as much as the service.  Don't get me wrong, my food was top notch, its just that the service was flawless in every way possible.This might not be an every night of the week place to chow down, but for special occasions, this is definitely a spot to strongly consider!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,2/13/2012,29,89,3,4,3>Everything that's fresh, raw & healthy! (It was Real Food Charlotte) Located in Atherton Mills off South Blvd.Be prepared for the RAW in this healthy spot.Their juices are STRONG.Go easy if this is your first visit.I have enjoyed everything I have tried here & always feel light & healthy after a meal here.Not your usual quick meal option.Definitly worth a try to see if it something you will like.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,2/12/2012,9,70,,5,2>If you're looking for a hole in the wall where you can catch the game and grab some wings this is the place for you! The wings are great! The onion rings are amazing and some of the best I've ever had. They have a big screen tv where you can catch the game. I think this is one of Matthews hidden treasures. It's located right off 74 near butler high school in the little strip of shops across from bojangles. It's family owned so of course that always makes ya feel good.  Great place if you're looking for a quick bite, or looking to hang out for a while.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,2/11/2012,132,235,6,4,2>SCORE!!!  Today I proved to dear Hubs that Yelp and yelping in general is awesome and benefits from "checking in" (which sometimes irritates him when he's with me) will pay off.  While casually shopping  in Dilworth for myself with Hubs by my side, he briefly mentioned that he wished he could buy a pair of True Religions at a decent price.  "Oh but you CAN my Hubs...you CAN".  I took him to Revolve.  I've NEVER been, and he's definitely never been, but I just KNEW from some of the reviews I've read that this place wouldn't disappoint.   Even if he didn't find a pair, I knew that he would see that this place had to potential to eventually have a pair. Before I could put my hand on the doorknob, the front door flew open and we were greeted with a "HELLO AND COME IN".  Don't mind if I do!!!  We asked were the Revolve section was and we were pointed in the right direction.  Skeptical Hubs slowly walked the store...then his pace started to pick up...then his face lit up with a "hey...this sweater is only $30?!"  I grin and say nothing.  Then...like a light from heaven shone down from above....he spotted a True Religion tag....he slowly pulled it out and his mouth hit the floor.  I giggled and just said "try it on before you pee in your pants"  He tried it on and they fit.  Price tag...$80.  Oh but not so fast....since I checked in ...I received a 10% discount just for checking in.  Hubs was like "are you serious?! "  Oh yes...I don't play when it comes to discounts.  We walked up to the register and handed the owner the jeans and I smiled and showed her my %10 check in discount and SHE SQUEALED.  "You are the first person that has used that!!!  I'm so happy!!"  HUH?!?!  WAHOOO!!  So needless to say..we had a good experience.  I love this place.  Everything is good quality stuff and well priced.  The staff is EXTREMELY helpful and the store is oh so shabby chic.  Hubs has now been converted.  Walking back to the car he asked what else I could check into and get a discount.  SMH...if he only knew....
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,2/10/2012,31,101,2,5,3>We were looking for a handy family dinner place after swimming and the kids wanted "breakfast food" so we thought, why not Flying Biscuit for dinner?We usually go to the one in Stonecrest but decided to go here since it was closer. Easy parking, no wait, place was about 1/2 full early Saturday evening. Vibe is similar to the other one, bright colors, diner-like atmosphere. However, this one has really bright lighting. Kids all ordered choco milk and chocolate chip pancakes (more on this later). Both the wife and I ordered variations on the green tomato BLT - I had the sandwich, she had the salad. We also ordered the soup of the day - tomato basil bisque. Soup was rock star good - not sure if it was the soup, the cold day, swimming or all of the above, but we devoured it! In fact, it was so good our younger son got his own bowl! Of course, the soup comes with the trademark biscuits with apple butter (which makes them for me!). When the chocolate chip pancakes arrived they were HUGE portions! These were not the kid size but the full adult size portions. We figured it was a mistake but figured it would make for a good dogie bag for tomorrow. The green tomato BLTs were very tasty, in particular the jalepeno-cashew relish that comes on top! The combo of turkey bacon, the relish, fried green tomato and goat cheese is very unusual but balanced. While we were eating the manager came by and asked about us, mentioned the pancake thing, which we said was no big deal. We then got to talking to Brandon, who also works there. Very friendly, nice guy and we mentioned our daughter had just had her birthday. . . before you know it Brandon had ordered us a birthday brownie sunday for our table! It was also very good - dark chocolate and cream cheese brownie with ice cream, whipped cream, the whole nine yards. . . We were pleasantly surprised to say the least!When the check arrived not only was the brownie comped, but all of our pancake orders had been reduced to kids orders!! So basically we got free desert and breakfast for three for the next day on the house. Pretty exceptional service by any standard!Overall, we already liked Flying Biscuit but this sold us as devoted customers!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,2/9/2012,55,94,2,13,7>I never run back to work after lunch to Yelp about my great lunch experience. At least, I never have until now. I wasn't supposed to eat out today. I just wanted to get out of the office for a bit and finished reading Memoria de mis putas tristes. Somehow, I ended up in front of this place and the rest, as they say, is history... well, not really history, but you know...Many, many moons ago this pace was called Dynasty Buffet and it was a Chinese buffet. For what it was, if I remember correctly, it was pretty decent. It was kinds upscaley for a Chinese buffet.When I pulled in the front of the restaurant did not look particularly inviting. It's a big box building with big red letters and kanjis very similar to the way you see in Asian markets. Just kinda loud and... well, a bit tacky.I said, "F it" and went in since it wasn't a buffet and I would get to read some while I waited for my food. The place is very spacious and minimally decorated. What little is there fits nicely with the atmosphere. The host and the waitresses were very pleasant and helpful.You are given a menu, a pencil and a sheet of paper with a laundry list of dumpling options. I ended up settling for the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special (with your choice of egg drop. wonton or spicy egg drop soup) and sticky rice. To boot, I added a side order of chicken feet (HELL YEAH!) and some shark fin dumplings. The older Chinese waitress had to double check I knew I was ordering chicken feet before she wrote it down! haha.After I placed my order I grabbed by book and continued reading. Before I finished the page here comes a piping hot bowl of delicious egg drop soup. The soup was very good, better than average, and it came with a little pile of those flaky crackers and some chili paste. My Kung Pao chicken was delicious and very, very spicy! Unlike your average Chinese food strip mall hellhole, Dynasty understands its food and separates the rice from your main dish.Shortly after came my chicken feet in a nice dark sauce topped with slices of jalapeños. They were delicious but very hard to eat and messy! They were perfectly cook and the bones were tender enough to chew threw if you chose to, like Becky, I chose to juts suck the marrow and the skin off.The shark fin dumplings, which I've never had before, were delicious. Hot and had a very nice crab meets lobster and fish taste to them (can't really describe it) and were very nicely sized. Needless to say, I didn't finish it all.Interestingly, both the host and the waitress were genuinely interested in hearing my opinion of the chicken feet and the dumplings. They came around and chatted with me about the food and my thoughts which was awesome.In front of me sat an older Chinese couple. At one point the woman got up and walked by my table, I noticed she did a double-take on my table but kept on going.  On her way back she stopped by the table and told me that I knew how to eat Chinese food like Chinese people do! hahahaha. We had a nice chat about how they really like this place because it's one of the few places where they can get real Chinese food they way they eat it back home.I will definitely come back and recommend this place to anyone who is an adventurous eater or likes really good Chinese food.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,2/8/2012,140,70,6,5,6>Paper Skyscraper is a one-of-a-kind Wonderland for gifts and greeting cards and maybe even a little present for yourself.  I LOVE this place, and you will too.  Think Spencers+Hallmark+Borders+TJMaxx+Etsy but only the good stuff!If you are looking for a gift for someone that you actually give a crap about, this is the place to go.  For her birthday I bought my best friend (who was a secretary at the time) a stress weiner (a hotdog shaped stress ball), a bouquet of hand-make wooden flowers, a hilarious card, and a lovely lavender & vanilla scented candle.   This place has it all!  Go with at least a half an hour to pick out your treasures.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,2/7/2012,10,82,4,7,4>The Uptown Ampitheatre is an awesome outdoor venue to see live music. Last year, I saw the Kansas/Foreigner/Styx concert here and on Wednesday I saw the Spank Rock/LMFAO/Ke$ha concert (my taste in music contrasts quite a bit, clearly). Both concerts were exactly what I wanted. Lawn tickets for the Styx concert were 30 bucks, the tickets for Ke$ha were 35 bucks and we were in row 23 for it. The view, regardless of where you are in here, appears to be really good. The sound is awesome, not to loud, but still really nice. The prices for concessions are obscene (water bottles are 5.00 each), but that's a given at a concert. The only challenge is getting to the place. Getting to the Ampitheatre from Plaza Midwood is a challenge that requires lots of loops and turns and roads that make no sense to go on to go in that direction. Drop-off is very easy though.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,2/6/2012,126,906,,21,3>I'm really glad to see new sushi places like this one popping up on the map in Charlotte.   It used to be the same old places, but now with the competition moving in people will have to up their games to compete.Know your roll.... I only tried 2 rolls during my first visit here last night, but they were delicious and very filling.  The menu had a lot of other rolls to try that sounded super yummy so I have a feeling this place will not get old fast with the variety of rolls offered.  The menu also had a lot of sake - which I could totally go for on a weekend.. not when I have a deadline to beat on a Friday (the following day).Our server was very nice and was patient with us since we were a large group and did not all arrive at the same time.  Making reservations for the group, and it was just a quick, painless (less than a minute) phone call.  I did feel a little funny since the phone is quickly answered with a quick "yama" and I found myself stumbling over my words, but I managed to get my gears turning and the words finally came out coherently.   Overall... this is my "sushi-go-to" place for the time being.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,2/5/2012,121,566,4,7,5>Saturday after 11 DJ music was hip-hop heavy with the occasional reggaeton or slow song thrown in for good measure.  I don't listen to Beyonce or Pitbull on a regular basis but I had a blast anyway because the patrons make it so much fun.  For a $5 cover it was a straight-up (pun intended) good time.  Drinks are cheap.  Street parking is free of course and luckily close enough you can throw your coat in the trunk and hustle to the door before freezing your you-know-what off.Dress comfortably, order your favorite drink and  you've exerted all the effort you need.  The bartender was awesome and did not keep anyone waiting.  Hartigan's arguably has the best disco balls in town.  The regulars come here to dance!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,2/4/2012,17,166,,8,3>Got a chance to check out the newest business in Harrisburg last night!  I had a Chai tea that was good, and spotted several choices that I'd like to try my next visit - even received a coupon for a discount to return soon - can't beat that!  Didn't take any pics this trip, grand opening is in a couple of weeks and interior decor should be picture ready by then!Owner and barista were friendly and will fit right in with the Harrisburg folks!  Good location and potential in this spot...outside seating is on it's way too, just in time for warm weather.  Free wifi and plenty of outlets is a plus too!  Looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,2/3/2012,112,23,4,10,7>I've been wanting to review Katz for a while, I mean I've eaten here for years and years.  I've gotten to know Lee and his fun crew.  They know about our shop, they were the first restaurant to see our new son a week fresh--back when he'd sleep in his stroller heh.So Katz, why are you wanting to go here?  I'll tell you.  They open early, for a breakfast that is hearty.  Want an omelet? Expect a full platter.  Our favorite is the 2-2-2, eggs, pancakes, bacon--inexpensive and hearty. They have some of the areas best hash browns which are more the potato chunky crunchy seasoned style.After morning you're always served some pickles and slaw.  A nice primer for a meal.  I don't know the history but I enjoy it.For lunch I have 2 go-to's.  The Philly with a side of mayo, or a half-reuben (whole if I'm ridiculously ravenous else it's waay too much.), add a basket of fries and we're good to go.  The reuben is open faced style with your choice of corned beef or pastrami styles--you can go 1/2 and 1/2 too.  Piled high with kraut, sauce and cheese. The philly on the other hand is on a crispy toasted roll loaded with brisket, mushrooms, onions and cheese.  Really tasty and hearty.My wife Robin many times will get a 1 potato 2 potato which is like  plate of meat and mash with applesauce.  She loves it, and I don't argue.Their bagel/knish platters are par for the course and I believe they now source fully from Poppy's Bagels which gets a lot of local kudos from me.Now for the finisher.. If that wasn't enough get their blintz as a dessert.. You'll get stapled to the couch for a while.  Luckily a secret is you can order a 1/2 order of them (1 blintz) and it's the perfect side.  Sided with sour cream and blueberries.The only thing I as a hearty foodie of natural product origin would like to see is-- when fruits are in season, I wish Lee would buy them.  Fresh blueberries, strawberries or peaches  with the blintz would be killer.  The other thing is we bring our own maple syrup (grade B baby!) because they have those old school corn-syrup-flavored-maple things and for the style of their breakfast it just doesn't do their product justice.  It's all probably a cost but it's points that could take it higher.They are like family and will get to know you over time so say hi for me when you're in! :D
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,2/2/2012,24,115,2,4,3>You're not going to find another mobile billboard truck like this anywhere in Charlotte. Trust me, I've done the research. This truck is both bold and adorable . . . when this bright green truck rolls down the street, people look! It's "green" in more ways than one. I found it far more cost effective and environmentally sustainable than advertising with print media. At no extra charge, the sales rep will play music hooked up to speakers on the outside of the truck. Go HOUSE music for attention.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/1/2012,104,306,2,3,3>We had never been to Hef's despite 3 years of frequenting the Park Rd shopping area. We've now gone twice in the past month. Why??? First they got us in there with an Entertainment Book coupon for buy 1, get 1 dinner. Sweet. Then at that first visit, they gave us each a VIP card to come back for a free beer every time we visit after 10 PM (in December 2011, you can get your free drink any time of day!). So of course we came back for our free beers. The free drink doesn't even have to be a Bud Light or cheap domestic beer, you get to pick one at the time you get your card, so we both got a free Highland Gaelic Ale. Not too shabby. Combine that with their Happy Hour (until 7 pm) 40 cent wings or cocktail shrimp and you've got more than enough reason to go check it out. Their wings were pretty good, surprisingly meaty. Not a huge beer selection, maybe 6 on tap (also had magic hat and southern tier ipa at the time). Seems like every day they have some sort of drink specials. i feel like i'm making this up now that i am typing this, but i swear i saw some sort of frozen drink machines in there. Hef's is a pretty small with only about 8 tables and a bar, but it seems like a fun place. We had different girls waiting on us each time and both times they were friendly and actually seemed to be enjoying their job.Almost forget to mention that the first meals we had were both excellent. i had the Smokin' Brunette (chicken breast ,Apple wood-smoked Bacon, Cucumber, Fresh Mozzarella, Lettuce, Tomato, and honey mustard Dressing on a warm Croissant) which was very filling and delicious. The buffalo chicken sandwich at the table was very good, not as spicy as i like it though. If you're like me and appreciate a free drink just for stopping by, you better check out Hef's.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,1/31/2012,761,516,3,6,7>The most comfortable place in Charlotte to grab a beer or cocktail.  If you were like me you may have driven past this place a hundred times and wondered hmm looks interesting, a little sketchy perhaps, wonder who hangs out in there.  Well the mystery is over I stopped by the Thirsty Beaver on a Sat. night and fell in love the instant I walked in cheap beer, country music, and nice folks.  If you want something chill go and check this place out you're bound to have some fun and meet a few unexpected people.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,1/30/2012,43,91,,6,5>I have been using the pottery lab here for 2 weeks now and gotta say, this is an ideal place for me to do pottery. I have been doing pottery for a while and don't really care to take anymore classes so the owner allowed me to just us the lab. The rate is good, for 90$ /month I get to use the lab whenever I want, as long as I'm not interrupting a class or there all day everyday.The lab it's self is a decent size and is rumored to be expanding soon. Right now there are approximately 14 wheels, a hand building area, wash area, and everyone gets their own utility shelf.Since I haven't taken the classes I can't speak onto that experience, however the owner, Andy, is rather skilled with clay and I would think he could teach the ropes quite well. He is very down to earth and you can tell he does this for the love of art not money.I have been to several pottery labs in different area's and within a short period of time, this is the most relaxed place to do pottery, not to mention it's not ridiculously over priced like "Dish It Out".
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,1/29/2012,1252,934,6,2,5>Caddyshack.........period.  I've been here a few times for a beer.  At least 2 bartenders that each time.Beer is priced OK, food is the same.  What I find interesting about this place is that you can play 18 holes and get stoned to the be-jesus in the bar afterward.........which I've seen on each occasion.  Folks so drunk they could barely stand.Families....guys staying away from the wife at home (for like the last 10 years)...older guys that have just enough liquid courage to chat up my GF while I'm right beside her.Add in decor from the VERY early 80s/Late 70s and you have a place with a lot of character.....................and pretty much not much more.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,1/28/2012,87,175,2,6,3>Chicken Pot Pie Wednesdays... How I love thee!!!  I have only been here on Wednesdays and it's the only day that they serve up the Chicken Pot Pie meant for the Gods.  They only make a certain number for the day but if you get there before 12:30pm, then you should be fine.  It really starts getting crowded after 12pm.  The Pot Pie is large and you really concentrate hard if you want to finish it in one sitting.  There is no shame with taking the rest home and saving it for late night grub.  Still good!!  Also, definitely try the green sauce on the table.  Mmmmmm mmmm.Although I haven't tried the other food there (BBQ Homestyle), I've only heard the best things.  So give it all a try.  But honestly, 5 stars for the Pot Pie.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,1/27/2012,876,4126,7,7,6>This is bad. This is really bad. I have a place barely a mile from my home that offers 200 bottled beers and 140 beers on tap. They have food. They have outside seating. They have inside seating. They have so many TV sets tuned to sports that you might never miss "a" game, forget about "the" game.None of the distractions like at Hooters or Tilted Kilt, this place is about the beer. Yep, the food is good too. So far, my favorite salsa in Charlotte. Also, the Turkey 'Cue sandwich is good.Parking can be a bit of a pain, since it's Piedmont Row. But that can be conquered. (It's the idiots who put their Chevy Tahoe in a "compact" space that bother me.)Let me know when you're here - I might be here too. :-)
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,1/26/2012,205,512,2,14,5>Charleston Seafood offers fresh crabs, shrimp, lobster tails, oysters, and too many fish to name. I finally stopped in after driving by for several months and was surprised to find that they also make their own gumbo and low country boil(shrimp, crab, corn, sausage and potatoes) prepackaged to sell in small and large containers. I had one of each to go and I'm quite positive that the gumbo was probably the best I've had outside of Nawlins'! Perfectly spiced with a kick and included crab, sausage, and shrimp, over rice. Not to slight the low country boil as it was tasty as well, but I'd like to have that gumbo on speed dial, ok:-)......whew, it was too darn good! Now on to their top seller......the crabs.....I guess that's why they were sold out on my visit:-) Not only do they sell male/female crabs, which they get from the Charleston and Buford areas....they go a step further and will steam them with their own crab seasoning(pre-packaged to sell as well) and you can grab a table and enjoy them while they're hot! Talk about full service.....and they do the same with spiced and garlic shrimp. That's reason enough for me to make another trip....but the owner's mentioned an annual 'crab crack' or all you can eat crab feast, not sure what month so 'like' the facebook page for more info!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,1/25/2012,217,84,,11,9>Very different... Pasta. Pizza. Bar.We walked in and were very kindly greeted.  Then we were handed a menu and a card.  Ummm... okay.  The hostess then explained that you go to a personal chef station and he will put your order on the card, which you then bring back when you are done to check out.  Interesting...The space is huge.  Wide open and very airy with apparently 100 year old olive trees and herb plants in terra cotta pots scattered about.  The furniture is very mod yet natural feeling for the space as well.There are several lines form at the long kitchen and they are designated with their specialty (pizza, antipasta, salad, pasta) above on the chalkboard mural.To quote Tom Petty, "the waiting is the hardest part."  If you find yourself behind someone in the pasta line, as I did, you can expect to stand there for at least fifteen minutes.  But in the waiting, you realize that this isn't just someone with a vat of noodles and a big pot of sauce.You can see into a back room just passed the kitchen that they make all their pasta in house, which they put into serving size containers that they personal chef then cooks.  And you have your choice of pasta.I chose my sauce, sausage e verdure, to add to penne.  My friend has scampi e spinach with tagliatelle.  I thought it was neat that the pasta was put into an almost timed deep frier (only with boiling water) set up to cook.We were able to stand and converse as our food cooked, occassionally answering ingredient questions.  A little garlic, throw in some spice, et cetera.  Our personal chefs were personable and quite capable.This was gourmet pasta at its best.  The vegetables and sausage were delicious and the pasta was perfect.  Jen is a what I would consider a foodie, and we were both thoroughly impressed.  They also give you some delicious bread with oils on each of the tables.Getting drinks wasn't inherently clear as far as the process.  But they have a full bar at the front which looks well appointed and is surrounded by inviting lounge seating between the bar and kitchen.I will definitely be back when I have more time.  This would be an awesome spot for dinner before an uptown show or drinks after.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2011,1/24/2012,255,284,2,7,2>Everything was just all right. I'm currently on a mac n cheese high and will order it at any restaurant I'm at that serves it. Unfortunately, Mac's mac n cheese was not up to par. Not cheesy or flavorful enough and only lukewarm when it came out. Got the fish po boy, and while the fish filet was giant, it was just too big and kept falling off the bun. What a messy mess. Another time I got the veggie burger, and it was also a messy mess. I believe I ate that thing with a fork. Fried pickles were just aiite. Service can be fantastic, but it can also be lacking. Beer selection is plentiful though. Mac's is just inconsistent. My buddies really like this place, so I go whenever majority rules. But will never independently choose to dine here. If I wanted BBQ, I would rather go down the street.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,1/23/2012,87,274,5,4,5>I went to FABO for CYME today (and to support Puppy Reba).  The staffs are super nice (thank you for hosting us!).  It's a neat concept, gift/art shop, coffee/wine/beer/snacks all in one.  There are a table or two and sofa seating plus free wifi.  And I think they have student discount.  I am always for local businesses, I definitely will be back :)
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,1/22/2012,19,70,,5,1>Pros: Fantastic food, nice little patio, excellent cocktails, Good service.Charlotte needs more of this vibe.Cons: if you go on a weekend night, it's CROWDED. Either get there early, or choose another spot to imbibe. Bar seating is first-come first serve and the tables are for diners only.My suggestion? Go early on a weeknight to avoid the crowds. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,1/21/2012,151,1019,3,8,5>I had been to Woodlands once before tonight but it was years ago so I didn't remember much about it. Tonight was with one of my dinner groups and we were all basically in the same boat, we didn't know what to order.  So we started ordering a little of everything in the appetizers and every single one of them had their own unique flavor. We continued on with the entrees.  One of our group had recommendations from coworkers on what to order so most of us went with those.  All of the flavors were wonderful from the vegetable curries to the chickpea and potato entries to the the noodle dinners.  And the bread..wow.  The breads alone would make a meal.  Such unique flavors in the breads.  And the breads were HUUUUUUUGGGGGEEEEEE!   Ok, some of it was puffed air.  But still.  Who would have thunk that 6 meat eaters (and a vegetarian) would enjoy this restaurant so much.   Thank you Woodlands for enlightening me on the flavors of India!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,1/20/2012,34,49,4,5,4>The first best thing about Crepe Cellar Kitchen & Pub is that their primary food offering comes in some form of crepe, which is the best food delivery vessel in existence. Sweet or savory, they are a thing of taste bud glory, especially when they are done well.The second best thing about Crepe Cellar is that the service and food quality is consistently excellent, whether for a large group of boozy women, an intimate dinner date, or with the family for Mother's Day Brunch, in the middle of which your baby may or may not have spit up on the floor. Perhaps it was an opinion on the oddity of judgment that Mac & Cheese is no longer served at Sunday Brunch. Special thanks to the staff who was completely gracious and sanitary about assisting in clean up. But, for real, why no Mac & Cheese at Sunday Brunch like back in the day?Crepe Cellar is gauzily lit and cozy, just as a crepe eatery should be. However, since it is on the small side and they don't take reservations, it is best to get there early, or expect to belly up their comely bar.  Once seated at a table or the bar, The Queen City Crepe is a savory standout, and the Bananas Foster and Nutella & Bananas (don't forget the strawberries!) dessert crepes are plain old joy in a bowl.If crepes aren't your speed*, their burgers were a close second in The Charlotte Observer's 2011 "New School Best Burger" contest, and paired with the Pesto Brie Fries, the meal is a sure winner. Regardless of what is chosen, it will be as delicious as the eclectic people stew that is increasingly stirring in NoDa, where the Crepe Cellar can be found at 3116 North Davidson Street in Charlotte.*Crazy talk.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,1/19/2012,36,62,3,5,2>I generally do not write reviews if a place already has more than 30 or 40, and this place had 52 at the time.  I write simply because I LOVE THIS PLACE.Granted I've only come for Sunday brunch, but this is my favorite spot. I am coming here every Sunday.  Literally, EVERY Sunday.  I took My Mama for mothers day and I've been hooked since.  I've come hoping it would be open on a Friday and Saturday for breakfast/brunch then finally got smart and looked at the times.So why do I like it?  Being from NY, naturally I think I know everything about good food and have the ability to determine a good spot from a bad spot better than anyone else.  With that God given ability, 300 East is the has the best brunch in the CLT.  I've had just about everything on the breakfast menu now and its alllllll fantastic.What else can I say??? Its a pretty nice spot, seems to be an old town house converted into a restaurant.  Prices are very decent and right on par with wafflehouse practically, but the food is far superior!  The only bad thing about this place is parking, or I'm just a fool and have no clue where I should park when dining here.  Regardless I give this place 4 thumbs up.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,1/18/2012,118,281,8,9,10>Snuck in here for some dinner last night, and it was all I had hoped for. And more. Flawlessly redone, lots of familiar faces, perfect.The smell of fresh vinyl's a teeny bit overwhelming, but soon, it'll be taken over by the sweet aroma of clogged arteries. Fried pickles, burgers, and dogs are here, but the menu expands - and there's some eggplant parm, some greek stuffs, even a sizable salad section. Guess what, my vegan darlings? There's a meatloaf-style dinner here, and you can eat it. I did, and it was carroty, savory, lots of thyme. Lovely.But I already know what I'll be ordering every time I step foot in here after a number of beers - Poutine. Because it's here, all pimento-cheese-encrusted, choice of veg or meat gravy, and good lord in heaven, it is friggin' awesome.Officially open later in the week. And forever mobbed after that.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,1/17/2012,1034,436,7,14,11>When you walk into La'Wan's there is a poster of a martini glass with a chicken leg in it. Now this makes me chuckle.  Our server was so friendly and always a step ahead of us.  He's the kind that if you have a restaurant you want to steal him away.  The food does not rock my soul, but it is served hot and plentiful.  And it's really nice  when we were leaving they all said good bye.  Very refreshing to have such a pleasant experience.  We get used to mediocre service and forget about what it's like to have proper hospitality.The menu is standard meat and two veggies, pintos, lima, collards, mac & cheese, potato salad, mashed potatoes.  Roll or cornbread.  Sweet tea. Ten dollar check average.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,1/16/2012,142,86,3,3,3>I love this place.  I'd love it even more if it was in Plaza Midwood, but what can ya do!  Their fries are this insane potato chip-had-sex-with-a-french-fry concoction and they are AMAAAAAAAAAAZING.  they apparently bake them & then fry them.   I have yet to have anything on the menu that I haven't liked & the same has gone for everyone i've taken there.  they've all raved about the food & one friend after finishing off her burger & fries ordered a 2nd basket of fries she thought they were so good!they have a killer beer selection, which rotates near constantly (so their beer menu is never up to date, my only gripe) but who cares when on a tuesday you can get a Big Boss Big Operator for half price??I really need to check this place out for breakfast though, it sounds yummy & cheap.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,1/15/2012,64,504,2,5,1>I polled a few people and everyone agreed: Bricktop's sounds like a pizza place.  Having never been to Bricktop's, we decided to give it a try this past Saturday evening.  It was nicely decorated inside with a modern, upscale vibe, but comfortable enough that you could still dress casual (but not too casual).  We didn't have a reservation, but we were seated within 10-15 minutes.  The menu is basically "American" food; there didn't appear to be any other theme to it.  We started out with the deviled eggs and sugar bacon appetizer, only because it sounded unique and certainly not something you see every day on a menu.  The eggs were good, but nothing special about them.  The sugar bacon was basically dessert for us.  Wow.   Tasty, but oh-so-sweet.  None of the entrees -- basic steaks, chicken, fish -- really jumped out at me, so I went with the Ahi Tuna Burger.  It was quite a fabulous sandwich, topped with a ginger dressing slaw (lettuce, carrots; no cabbage thankfully).  It was full of flavor, and I enjoyed every bite.  I chose fries as my side item, and they were thin slices of fried potato with a delicious coating.  I enjoyed them, too!It was a good dinner experience and I'd recommend it for people who like a great meal but don't like anything too crazy food-wise.  I'd call it a nice "meat and potatoes"-type restaurant.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,1/14/2012,81,304,2,4,3>Delivery review:YUM!  Sometimes, even if you are living in the land of golden fried chicken, you're just jonesing for a nice, juicy, decently seasoned pollo rostizado with all of the fixins.   For 27 bucks we got the "Latin combo" - a whole bird, a massive salad with tons of avocado, plentiful rice and beans (rice - kind of light yellow and mildly seasoned, beans - black and boiled with the cilantro and cumin and other stuff), delicious sweet fried plantains and lipsmacking yuca fries.  It was enough for two dinners plus two lunches the next day.Have to order from foodiecall.com (they have a phone number too...).  Call the restaurant direct and they'll refer you to foodiecall.  Food was delivered I think within 30 minutes or so - from Dilworth to Uptown.  Overall very satisfying, and I'll definitely order again.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,1/13/2012,196,213,4,10,7>Okay let's set the record straight. Republic is only slightly similar to Suite. Similar in the sense that it's an "upscale" dance club.  As far as everything else though, Suite it isn't. Yea you might hear a lil' Kesha (yuck) but at least you'll hear 90% of the song played and not the first five seconds. Bouncers aren't as esoteric as the Epicentre's manly men, and the crowd seems just a tab more mature. Then again, that might change as word gets out and the crazy kids take over. With room to dance and actually walk around, I think this place might be Charlotte's new thing.  While Republic has taken over the old Alley Cats, it's been completely remodeled. The DJs are actually pretty decent with top 40 and hip hop spinning inside and house music outside. Accompanying the electronica DJ an energetic friendly fellow manning the bongos and cowbell. More cowbell you say? He'll happily oblige. If you're tired of the same ol' thing (ahem Butter, Suite, Halo), Republic is worth checking out.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,1/12/2012,78,188,3,5,2>Best, most authentic Italian ever?  Well, perhaps not.  Dang good, dang unhealthy Americanized Italian?  Yes, indeed.Ok, people... if you're going to a place named "Mama Ricotta's," you shouldn't be expecting it to be terribly authentic.  But it is much better than Olive Garden.  The food is horrible for you, but delicious.  On our first visit, I had the tortellini special, which really impressed me.  The little pastas were perfectly cheesy, and the meat sauce was amazing.  It actually had little chunks of steak in it instead of ground beef.  My mouth is watering as I write this review, honestly.The only part of the experience that was less than ideal was the goat cheese appetizer.  It came highly recommended, and it was tasty, but it lacked tanginess.  I probably wouldn't have been as let down if my expectations had not been so high.Mama Ricotta's is comfort.  Good ol' Americanized comfort.  Mmm.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,1/11/2012,87,62,,4,5>I took a cross country tour of Ireland a couple years ago and despite the lush green sights, the Blarney stone, and the tour of the Guinness factory, my fondest memories were checking out the local pubs at every town I came to and the unique atmosphere each one contained. I collected pub glasses and matchbooks from all of them, and discovered for the first time Guinness's sister beer Smithwicks. So when my wife and I settled into Huntersville, we found out about this place which boasted the whole bar was shipped over from Ireland piece by piece so I couldn't wait to check it out. Turns out this place is the real deal, you walk up to a authentic stone pub in the middle of an otherwise common street near Birkdale. The inside of the restaurant is cozy and warm, and they have a nice outside seating area with tables as well. The menu is not completely dedicated to Irish fare, they actually have a lot of interesting mixes with a dash of Irish style to them such as their take on Canada's favorite "poutine" dish. They also have a very unique appetizer in their gourmet popcorn. If you are looking for bangers and mash though don't worry they have it along with of course Guinness on tap, and if you haven't had it before I recommend a Smithwicks, pronounced "Smiticks". Not a lot of places carry that in Charlotte, so it was nice to see it here.  Unfortunately they don't have my other favorite Irish beer which is Beamish, but it is very similar to Guinness.A couple other things I should mention is they put on one of the best St. Patrick's Day parties in Charlotte. They team up with the other bar near by and rope off the entire block and throw a party in the street. They even setup a bar in the median with flat screen TVs so you won't miss any March Madness action. They also throw a great New Years Eve party, for around $50 per person, you get all you can eat, drink (beers, and liquor), and they have a dance floor upstairs with a live DJ, from what I can remember of the night it was a blast or so my wife tells me! Anyway definitely a place to check out if you have not been there before, and one last note they also have the LKN Comedy Zone on the top floor that has had some big acts, we saw Screech from Saved by the Bell, Pauly Shore, Tommy Davidson, Jamie Kennedy, and Aisha Tyler there.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,1/10/2012,75,581,2,3,6>THIS IS MY 200th REVIEW! I went here after work for an early dinner and was blown away by the quality of the food. This place should be called GREAT Food on Montford! It is an unassuming brick building with a cool, cozy decor on the inside, almost like a Colorado or California tavern - can't figure it out, but it works well! The people watching (ok, the hot ladies) were very nice to look at while eating. The staff was spot on about the food and drinks. I will be back!! Loved this place! Great place for a date too!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,1/9/2012,64,117,3,3,3>This is a hidden gem!You must try their old-world style spaghetti and meatballs. The most wonderful spice (hints of cinnamon) compliments the most delicious and tender meatballs (and they're fantastically large). They also have delicious hot wings! Not much variety (just "hot" which are really a medium-mild), but they are flash fried and shaken in sauce. Not breaded. Great taste, perfect heat for anyone to enjoy (including children), and good value.The pizza is also wonderful! Get the "dressed" pizza for great flavor with several kinds of meat, peppers, olives and onions. INEXPENSIVE, friendly and attentive staff, and not crowded (yet). A must try for this area!!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,1/8/2012,212,802,,8,2>I am one of  those people who loathe buffets and cheap Chinese "fast food". However, many of my friends and co-workers seem to love those types of joints, so I have reluctantly tried a lot of those little Chinese places tucked away in various shopping centers around town.  I want to find the exception to the rule and find one that I like, but I am always disappointed & never suprised. So, when I want to have good Chinese, I go to Wan Fu. I would have to say that it is most certainly my favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. It has been here for about 22 years, and I think they have maintained the same consistency and quality from day 1.  Yes, it may be a little pricier than the typical little hole in the wall, but the portion size is big and the quality is excellent.And for recent transplants to Charlotte,  it may not be as good as the "super-authentic-ethnic places" that you can find in big cities with real Chinatown districts, but for this area, I think it offers the best quality and variety.   In any case, I can always find something here to make me happy.I love the traditional decor of the building - inside and out.  When you walk in it is a little dark, but I like the ambiance.  I have been here with small groups here as well as with large groups, and the service is equally good either way. They try to be very attentive,  making sure your order has been taken and that your glass is always filled and I appreciate their efforts. But I think the key to why I really like this place so much is that every time I have eaten here, my food tastes as if they have used quality, fresh ingredients and that the food was cooked just right. (Chicken is light & sauteed to perfection - not overcooked and rubbery, and the veggies are not overcooked either.)  Over the many years that I have been going to Wan Fu,  I have never had a bad meal here. I am not a fan of fried rice in general, but once I had their pineapple fried rice with chicken - and it was pretty amazing.  It is nothing like that pathetic excuse for fried rice that you get served at cheaper Chinese places!  I love all of the typical stir fry dishes here - the Cashew Chicken,  Kung Pao Chicken, General Tao Chicken, Firecracker Shrimp, etc.  Of course, I normally go with brown rice and you can choose a chicken & shrimp spring roll or a veggie spring roll.I have been many times for take out too - with their easy drive up window, its a no-brainer!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,1/7/2012,117,303,,7,3>We don't get to eat uptown too often since we work near the airport.  However, we made a special trip to the King's Kitchen today with a group of 10 people (we made reservations).  You probably know that The King's Kitchen is a non-profit restaurant owned by Charlotte chef and minister Jim Noble.  The restaurant began with no debt; it was all paid for which helps them give more back to people.In a place serving mostly southern style food, I had to get sweet tea, which is not one of my faves.  However, if all sweet tea tasted like this, I'd probably drink it much more often.  We ordered some pimento cheese for an app, which was a decent size scoop but served with only about 5 crackers.  This wasn't a problem when the made-from-scratch biscuits and cornbread came out though.  They tasted great by themselves, but they were also good with the cheese.  I make pimento cheese often, and prefer mine with more of a kick of hot sauce, but this cheese was still very good.  I got the pan-fried all natural chicken with white meat.  The chicken was slightly dry (because white meat often is) but the breading made up for it.  It tasted like they used panko and that stuff is awesome.  The meat comes with three sides for lunch, so I got mac and cheese, mashed sweet potatoes, and fruit.  The sweet potatoes were awesome and so was the mac and cheese.  Everyone ordered a variety of items and everyone really liked what they got (keep in mind more than half of this group are native southerners and two are even native to Charlotte).  The pineapple upside down cake was also moist sweet, and delicious.  It took a little bit to get our checks, but that's a minor issue.  It's a rare occurrence when a restaurant gets our group's order 100% correct and even rarer when everyone loves their food.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/6/2012,53,155,2,7,6>Beer happines!!!! NoDa brewery is officially open!!! I checked out their grand opening event. This is no secret. The place was PACKED. I also went back the following day and it was much more manageable.The details.The Pro's*Amazing beer. The most important aspect of a brewery. Check out the coconut porter. Honestly, I would not be raving about this place the amount that I am if the beer was just "meh". This beer is good. *On Tuesday's they said that they will have a small batch of experimental beers. This is the most exciting news ever. They said that they will post on twitter and facebook what type of beers they are brewing- so you know in advance if you want to check out the limited small batch of awesome brew. Amazing.*The tour was very informative and wasn't snotty. You can tell that they are excited about this. It is hard not to become enthusiastic with them.*They did an excellent job designing the inside of it. They gutted out a majority of it and obviously put in a lot of effort to it.*I see them around at a lot of events in Charlotte. They are always so professional. You can tell that they are in it to win it. I like that kind of ambition.*They have a TV- for the sporty people. The TV is not dominating though. Smart move, NoDa brewery.*They have this excellent garage door that can be opened up. This makes the tasting room feel larger and creates an excellent atmosphere.The Con's*No music. This creates a tense environment. Music is necessary. Even bad music (I did hear a rumor that they plan on having live bands)*No food. A huge pet peeve of mine. When I'm drinking the booze- I want something to snack on. Food trucks would do well here. (They did have pretzels on Sunday. Perhaps they had them on Saturday but the masses ate them before we arrived)*The parking is...sketchy. It is hard to know exactly where to park. It also has a creepy/industrial feel to it. I am DELIGHTED about this new addition in NoDa!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,1/5/2012,14,112,9,7,2>In the last two days I've eaten three meals at Valhalla.  It's true.  I would not lie about something that puts me at a slight risk for appearing to be that creepy guy that hangs out at the bar all weekend.  No, I HAD to eat three meals there so I could write a proper review of the restaurant.  I did it all for the cause.  Prior to eating here the only Scandinavian food I'd ever eaten was at Ikea. There was also that cereal in the 80s with the Swedish Chef on the box (please tell me that you guys remember Croonchy Stars), so I guess I can count my Scandinavian experience on 2 fingers.  While the menu leans heavily toward Scandinavian food, the diversity of the owners'  backgrounds are reflected in items such as the English breakfast and an amazing curry sauce.  Let me pause for a moment to tell you that I could drink both the curry sauce and the brown gravy from a mug.  Or a horn.  Both are staples on the menu and both are family recipes that the owners were kind enough to share with the rest of us.  Try the Warrior fries with the curry.  Amazing.  And if you're wondering what a Warrior fry is, it is a waffle fry like they serve at Chick Fil-A but more badass because it is a warrior and the others are not.  Breakfast:  Northern Eggs Benedict.  Two poached eggs on toast with a good portion of smoked salmon, capers, red onion and fried potatoes.  No hollandaise sauce here, so I'll live to see another day.  A beurre blanc replaces hollandaise on the Valhalla menu and I found it perfect and not overpowering.  Lunch:  The Mighty Meatball.  Pork and beef meatballs with brown gravy and choice of a side.  I, of course, chose the Warrior fries.  Eat your heart out, Ikea.  AND you can eat these meatballs without the fear of having to go rug shopping with your wife afterward.  Dinner:  The Banger Butty.  The name alone made me go for this one.  I really like alliteration.  This sandwich is bangers (sausages) with the curry sauce on a roll that must be of Scandinavian origin because it was pale, beautiful and tasty.  Valhalla is not to be missed!  Chances are you'll find me there sooner than later and you can thank me then for my dedication this weekend so that I could bring you this top-flight review.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,1/4/2012,175,207,11,5,4>Let's get one thing straight: I am not a big throw-around-5-stars kinda gal. To be 5 stars, you'd got to be tip top. Top shape. Top of the mountain. King of the Playground. Etc. Etc. And The Cowfish? Well let's just say that it's got serious potential to possibly send every other restaurant in town out of business and cure cancer. IT'S JUST THAT GOOD.After coming here a few times on a few different nights, I have yet to find anything I don't eat, see or hear that makes me go "Wow...". From the service (Channon is one of the managers and went above, beyond and around the corner to make an order right for us one night), to the decor (so Japanese/modern/fun/dark/chic/simple - if that's possible?), to the food (Shut the Front Door Good!), it's just a fact that The Cowfish is really just that good.Reservations are only accepted for 1/3 of the place, so they're hard to get but I've never had a problem strolling up to the bar and getting a seat. If that's not your thing, they encourage you to call ahead and get a feel for the wait time. Whatever it is, though, wait. It's worth it :)We've tried the Summer rolls (4 to an order, with a few great fried chips plus a savory, light chili sauce for dipping) as well as the Crab Ragoon dip and both were top notch. So good you will consider ordering them as meals the next time you come in!The Burgiri is just an orgasm in your mouth waiting to happen. So just try it and thank me later, OK? The actual sushi rolls are the freshest I've tasted in Charlotte - between the basic rolls (cali, philly) and the more complex specialty rolls, they're beautiful, well constructed and amazingly flavorful. A tip would be to ask the waiter to have it cut into 10 pieces - the rolls are a bit too big otherwise to fit in one bite!I have not had the milkshakes yet, but will make that my priority when I go back (again) tonight! Ah, it's admittedly hard for me to write this review - can words truly fail me? I believe so - the moral of the story is go. Go try The Cowfish. Run, Drive and Speed towards in as soon as you can.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,1/3/2012,76,167,4,3,5>I went to Phat Burrito and ordered the steak quesadillas.  They were delicious!!  There was plenty of steak and yummy cheese.  It came with a side of sour cream and there is a little salsa bar near the food window where I filled up on fresh pico de gallo.  I was seriously in heaven.  My friend ordered the BBQ Chicken burrito and let me tell you kids, it was indeed a PHAT burrito.  Not only did it taste good but it was huge!  The burrito is stuffed with your choice of refried or black beans.  I sampled a bite of hers (with the black beans) and I was in love.  My only disappointment was the guacamole.  It was mediocre and the only ingredient I could really taste was lime.  The chips that came with it were great but for some they may be too salty.  Instead of eating the guac, I marched back up to the salsa bar and experimented with a variety of salsas.  It was pretty fun!  The atmosphere is very casual.  It has a funky, laidback, almost carribbean feel.  The staff greeted me when I walked in and took my order right away.  I decided to order a beer with my quesadilla (another added bonus) but I had to use the restroom before we sat down.  As soon as I came out, the cashier called my name and had my beer opened and waiting.  Good service!My meal costs around $9 with the beer and I was fully satisfied.  I will definitely go back and would consider swinging by for pick up!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,1/2/2012,6,76,7,8,4>This place has about 10,000,000 grocery items and I don't know what 99% of them are (labels are not in English and we Americans, bless our hearts, are incredibly lame and can't read anything except English), BUT ...CHECK OUT THE KOREAN RESTAURANT IN THE BACK!  They serve food to the order and they sell kim bab trays.  We got the beef bulgogi (Korean BBQ beef), ohjingo bokum (spicy calamari), jap chae (delicious noodles and not too greasy), pajun (Korean pancake).  We had a Korean in our party and she loved it.  And 99% of the time, Koreans will put down Korean restaurants, especially in Charlotte.They also sell beef bulgogi, already marinated, in the back of the store.  It's cheap and delicious (just bring it home and cook it up).  They also carry this Japanese ice cream with some sort of rare tasty red bean in the middle.  Where on earth did this tasty little thing come from?  It's more expensive but worth a try.  And get a package of Elise bourbon cookies.  Also a little pricey but fantastically light and yummy.Kam sa ham ni dah, Super G Mart.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/1/2012,7,41,10,8,6>Want to know how awesome Heroes is? I've never spent a penny in the store, but Phil knows my name and asks me about how my job is every time I'm in the store. Now that's service!Not that he doesn't see me most Wednesdays, which comic book fans the world over know is the day the new comics come out. And while I'm not much for superheroes, my boyfriend is, so I've gotten used to his Wednesday night errands. Before moving to Charlotte, it was a trip I dreaded and usually promises of beer and pizza were required to get me to set foot in the creepy, dingy store he used to visit. Not so with Heroes. I'm more than happy to tag along, read the latest Creative Loafing and follow the shopping trip with a salad from Crisp. That's right. It only takes a salad bribe to get me into Heroes. It's that good.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,12/31/2011,16,54,7,4,2>I'm not going to get into a long diatribe about this place that hasn't already been said before, so I'll keep it short and sweet...That's some of the best food I've ever had at a transmission shop!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,12/30/2011,47,112,2,3,3>I was in here the other day for lunch with a friend.  We were there a little later so the place really wasn't that full.I decided on the chicken tikka masala and asked for it hot.  I also went with the tomato bisque soup.  My friend got the vegetable korma (hot) with the tomato bisque as well.  We both thought the bisque was really good, no complaints!  The tikka masala and vegetable korma were both really good as well.  It's some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time.  I put would it up there with Copper as my two favorite Indian restaurants.  Both entrees with soup and naan were $9 each.  Not too pricey for lunch in my opinion.  I will be back!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,12/29/2011,67,165,5,4,4>Great special occasion restaurant with fabulous food, attentive service, and ridiculous wine list. We went to Fig Tree for my birthday last night and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is very intimate, but be sure to dress up a bit as you will otherwise feel out of place. Our server, Ty, was very good about making recommendations and was attentive without being annoying throughout the entire meal. On to the food.... We started with the appetizer special, which was squash flowers stuffed with ricotta cheese and pesto and then flash fried. Very, very good. We then moved on to the salad course. The house salad is delicious with the added goat cheese and homemade balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I had the halibut special, which was out of this world. So delicious and cooked to perfection. My boyfriend had the filet and said it was very good as well. For dessert, you must, and I mean MUST, have the beignets with coffee gelato and cinnamon anglaise. I'm serious - one of the best desserts I've ever had, and that's saying a lot as I'm quite the dessert aficionado. The mixed berry bread pudding was also delicious, but if you're only ordering one dessert, go with the beignets. Or if you're ordering two desserts, get two orders of beignets. You get my point.... Parking is no problem as the restaurant has a private lot. One thing I found a bit odd is that the bathrooms are on the second level, so if you have a disability (or plan to partake in a few alcoholic beverages), please keep that little factoid in mind.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,12/28/2011,32,84,3,3,3>For the past few months, I've been going to Kickstand pretty regularly every Tuesday for trivia night , and I really think this place has fallen into a good rhythm. The servers always do a bang-up job (quickly take your order and quickly have your food out). I pretty much always get the spin class burger, which has never failed to hit the spot.  The tater tots sometimes are a little room-temperature, but on my most recent visit they were piping hot out of the fryer and perfect.  Their root beer floats are a nice little indulgence every once in awhile, too.  It's a great scene here, and I'm glad they've manage to keep this space alive on Central.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,12/27/2011,103,276,2,5,3>The Boulevard said it'd be back - and it is! Located right on the corner of tryon and summit it's still filling in its new space, but there is lots to see already! Jewelry, clothing, home accessories, baby ness, even cute stuff for your pet - it's all here, and of course they're supporting some local artists. I couldn't help picking up a few things on my first visit, but I've made a note of plenty of items that will make perfect christmas gifts. (Also, a check-in unlocks a Yelp Deal!) With adorable dresses under $50, jewelry around $20 and some scarves under $10, I have a feeling I'll be stopping in often to see what new goodies they get in.Parking directly on summit usually isn't a problem, but they do have a sign up directing you towards a parking lot. (Not sure if they're referring to the lot right behind/next to them, which I always hesitate to park in since its right in front of "park it" or the one a bit further down)
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,12/26/2011,90,98,2,2,3>What a beautiful concept!  Local clean food, beautiful space, attentive service.  I'm very happy to have Harvest Moon as a Charlotte restaurant option.  We started with the peirogis...cheese and potato goodness just like they should be.  The night squash and potato soup was next...rich, but not too rich with beautiful layers of flavor.  I ended with the pasta toss with vegetables because it was the only vegetarian option that looked like it could stand in for an entree.  The sauce (white wine and butter?) was delicious, but the rest a bit bland.  The vegetables did not seem to compliment each other (mushrooms, broccoli, and cauliflower).  Overall, it was a great meal (and ps, my meat-eating dinnermates were very happy as well!).
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,12/25/2011,40,151,2,3,2>We went to Vida with apprehension because of the mixed reviews that it has received both on Yelp and word of mouth. We made a reservation at 8pm on Friday and were seated right away. Our server was very attentive from the beginning and throughout the meal. The chips were good and the salsa, which had a smoky chipotle flavored twist, was great. We had 4 people in our party, so we ordered a classic margarita, a partita, Vida's specialty frozen margarita and the Skinny margarita. We all decided that the Skinny was best. Do not miss the ripe plantain and black bean mash side! Awesome. Also good, the grilled vegetable tacos and the green chili rice. We'll be back and will recommend Vida to others. Be sure to make a reservation and be prepared to spend some time there, the food is slow to come out, but I don't think that's a bad thing.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,12/24/2011,12,77,4,8,4>I love Y2! It's the first studio I experienced after taking several classes at my local gym. Yoga in a studio is such a great way to practice. Y2 offers a ton of classes from 6am - 9pm, so finding time around your busy schedule should not be an issue. The number of classes for beginner's is limited, and nearly every class is hot, so take that into consideration if you're new to yoga. While I initially disliked hot  yoga, I've really come to appreciate how it allows my muscles to stretch. Just be sure to bring a towel & drink plenty of water! They do offer at least one $5 Good Karma class every day, so that's a great way to check-out the studio. My only minor gripe is I wish it was bigger! The two practice rooms are good, but the entrance, hallway & restrooms are too small for the number of yogis who practice here.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,12/23/2011,92,226,,15,3>I started as a Polished fan in the early days. It was upbeat, bright and fun.  They have a huge selection of color. But the word spread and they grew busier and busier. I suddenly felt like it was an assembly line and they wanted to crank out the pedis quickly and I often got cuts.  So I wanted an alternative.So I visited Modern Salon over a year ago. It is in the Village at SouthEnd (behind Chipotle). They are a quaint, small boutique-ish type of nail salon. They only have 4 or 5 chairs, and everyone is super friendly. One of their walls has a giant mural of Latta Park in Dilworth, and they have cute colorful curtains hiding their work area. I get very personalized service and only one time have I seen every chair filled.  They do such a great job on my toes that I can go 3-4 weeks in between visits.Also in my four decades I have gotten very few manis because I hate the way they do my nails, but one time I got a combo from the sweet older owner (who is admittedly very difficult to understand) and she filed my nails into a shape that was amazingly attractive! Suddenly I didn't have chicklets on the ends of my fingers! That's the good news. The bad news is that now I have to pay for manis because I want them now. The other good thing is they don't charge for "buffing" if you don't want a color, which is an extra $5 at their competitor.  They do one thing very differently- they have you buy/take your own emery board and buffing block with you for sanitary reasons. That's AOK with me.My only complaint? Their nail polish selection is very small. I like Essie over OPI because of quality and they don't have much Essie. My solution? I buy a bottle of my fave color and put it in my personal kit and keep it in the car. Problem solved. Oh and you can leave a tip on your card if you tell them ahead of time, which solves the cash defficiency issue.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,12/22/2011,24,29,2,6,4>At first glance walking into the gym you may mistake it for a gymnastics center. There are parallel bars and rings everywhere I look. Handstand push-ups what??? My curiosity was peaked. I started working out here in September of 2010 and I think I may just be addicted enough to give up some of my running and biking addiction. I may add this is not normal for me to say the least.First and foremost let me discuss the trainers. They are topnotch and always there to correct your form. Always no matter how long you have been Crossfitting. They take the time to explain each movement as if you are a newbie. It is like getting a personal trainer for an hour but you pay much less a session.You want to get faster in your running? I highly suggest you check it out. On a side note I would love some more runners in class to challenge me in the running segments. Yes there are running segments. I did cross country in college and let me point out I have been doing less running since I have been working out here but who can complain about a 6:50 mile from running less? On to the gym itself. There are four bathrooms and two contain a shower. The gym has had a major renovation since I started all for the better. They like to play loud energy pumping music during the workouts but I will mention the gym has a bare bones feel. This is in feel only UC has plenty of equipment to torture yourself with on a daily basis. Please note there is no ac or heat...only to torture you more mu ha ha...I workout early so heat is not an issue for me nor is it a reason for a downgrade in stars. As for the cold you will be sweating so much you will wish it was colder. Trust me on that statement. This is not your "typical" gym. There is a Christmas party, movie viewings and a farmers market to name a few things other gyms do not do. The people attending the gym range from your military types to moms trying to get into better shape. There is no need to feel intimidated all of the people are so nice and friendly. If you get bored easily with workouts you need to try this place out. There is a different workout everyday so I promise no boredom. Oh and they remember exactly who you are after a few sessions.So don't expect to hide! You k now who you are...I cannot say enough good things about this place and this continues to be true 2 years later. Amazing....
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,12/21/2011,103,218,2,4,2>For home-made carby goodness this is your one stop shop.  Besides a small and rotating selections of freshly baked breads, this shop also offers a number of sweet treats and other baked goods, all of which deserve a try.  They also offer lunch sandwiches, made with their bread and your choice of meat and/or veggies.  For me, this is usually a breakfast time stop, especially on Saturdays.  They make some of the biggest cinnamon rolls I have ever seen- in both a low fat and a fully-leaded version.  If you're not feeling so sweet, their scuffins (that's a mix between a muffin and a scone) are a solid choice.  Add in a cup of their fresh-brewed counter culture coffee and you're all set to start the day in the right way.Do check their web site or stop in and pick up a monthly calendar to see what their baking for that month.  Speciality breads change monthly, but there are standards that remain- such as Friday's cinnamon chip and their honey wheat loaves.  On certain days they also do gluten free breads, for those who need it.  Be aware that on some baking days breads may not be available until about noon  You can always stop in and place your order early to make sure you have it waiting for you.  You can call in your order too.Price wise, you'll pay a little more than your average supermarket, but then I think you are getting a better product that you know was made locally and fresh.  Their speciality breads are also things you won't find at the average market (cherry and white chocolate chip anyone?).  I also love that the owners are big supporters of the local running scene.  If you have done any local 5K or greater, chances are better than not these guys are at the finish line offering you a fresh slice off one of their loaves.  That they invest in a healthy community just makes me love then a little more.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,12/20/2011,25,55,4,6,5>One of my favorites in Charlotte!  This is my go-to place when I want a guaranteed delicious meal.  I love sharing the cheese and fruit plate or yummy hummus as an appetizer, or having any of their delicious salads to myself.  My favorite main course is the basil pesto penne with chicken--never disappoints!  Other favorites are the seafood crepes and pizzas.  This is also a great place for brunch.  Think french toast, delicious omelets, and eggs benedict.  I've also enjoyed (way too) many desserts.  You could easily come for the coffee and bakery treat alone.  They often have live jazz music which makes the atmosphere even more fun.  This is a perfect date night spot and also great to get a group of friends together.  I'd recommend Cafe Monte to everyone!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2011,12/19/2011,143,211,1,4,2>We just went to vivace for the first time. Although we were not blown away, we were ultimately satisfied with our meals. The location itself is very easy to get to with plenty of parking and  free valet. The decor is very nice. The dining room is open with a trendy atmosphere. They definitely spent some money with the decor between the lighting, the grand staircase and the wine vault. One thing we enjoyed was they substitute butter or olive oil with a house made bean spread with their bread. We thought it was a great change. We started with the gnocchi with spinach and pancetta appetizer. I have to say it was a true appetizer because it made us look forward to our meal. It tasted fresh and had great flavor. The only downfall is it blew away both of our entrees. I had the veal saltimbocca with cheese ravioli. The veal was nicely cooked but the sauce lacked any flavor other than mushrooms. The ravioli was house made and was perfectly cooked. However with the somewhat bland sauce and only being cheese filled it did not really add to the flavor of the dish. My wife got the pappardelle bolognese. The pappardelle was house made however it was very overcooked and a bit mooshy. The appetizer would definitely get five stars and the two meals between two and three stars. Eventually I would like to go back and try a few other dishes. I give big points though to the fresh and homemade ingredients though.We are looking forward to going back soon. Look for a second review!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,12/18/2011,43,71,,5,4>Finally, a good coffee shop in Charlotte.There are, of course, other places to get warm drinks, find a couch and use Facebook; oops, I mean do some work. Those places tend to serve bitter, burned coffee that needs gallons of milk, syrup and chocolate to make it tasty. This isn't one of those places.Instead, James and Brad have established a true coffee shop, one where the quality of coffee is paramount. Whether you order an espresso drink or a pour over (handmade drip coffee), you can be confident that it's the best of its kind in Charlotte. They'll even add latte art and good conversation for free.Most people don't realize that coffee is a sweet drink. Ultimately it's a fruit, so just like wine and chocolate, coffee takes on complex flavors based on where and how its grown and processed. The folks over at Not Just Coffee understand this and will work to deliver those flavors as best they can. These aren't bitter or "strong" coffees; they're bright, sweet and tasty.Living in the SF Bay Area I became spoiled by the artisan roasters and coffee culture in the area. Moving to Charlotte I was sad to see a complete wasteland when it came to good coffee, and Not Just Coffee has changed that. Now I can finally get a proper cup outside of my home. They serve Counter Culture beans, some of the most famous artisan coffee in the country. It's roasted daily over in Durham so you know the beans are fresh, not some months-old bag of stale dust that's hauled in on a semi truck.I can't speak for anything else they sell, though as the name indicates they have not just coffee but tea, chocolates, etc. That said, go there and order a cappuccino. It may very well be the best coffee you've ever had. You can thank me later.PS - Though the area around Area 15 looks dumpy due to the unfinished condos across the street, stick around. There's plenty of street parking and the shop is a great place to hang out.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,12/17/2011,10,122,,6,1>Wow. No really....WOW. I am so ashamed of myself for not having tried this restaurant before. Especially because I drive by it all the time, ya know living around the corner and all!!!  ok, now moving on from my stupidity & ignorance. Start simple, chips had a nice smokey seasoning on them. Salsa was great, light, little bit o' cilantro, lime, and the perfect amount of spice. We also ordered the queso with chorizo and onions, it was amazing. Again, just the right amount of smokiness, and a little sweetness from the onion. Had to be careful, did not want to fill myself up too early. Ordered very basic dishes, as that is how I usually judge a new Mexican place. The rice and re-fried beans were hands down the best I have ever had. No question about it. I ordered an enchilada, and taco. Wife had an enchilada and tostada. Everything was very freshly made (you could tell right away) and it really makes a difference. It seems that Three Amigos really succeeds where most fall short, paying attention to the fine details (rice & beans made fresh daily, multiple times a day) and that is what really pushed me to a 5 star review. I would really like to think that this is very close to "authentic" Mexican, but I am not the one to judge that.   Told the wife I wanted to go back for dinner, I just got the eye roll. Maybe i'll be back tomorrow, I can't get enough!!!!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,12/16/2011,11,64,,5,3>This review is for dinner only.  I have yet to try brunch, but hopefully I'll be able to update this review in the near future with that information!This is my go-to spot for a romatic dinner with the wife.  This place is perfect for anything romantic...from a first date, to a 50th anniversary dinner.  Its a place that truly transcends time and generational gaps, both in ambiance and style of cusine.  In case you were confused by the last sentence above, I mean that the menu and amibance aren't trendy and contemporary enough to scare off grandma and grandpa, and yet not old-fashioned and stuck up enough to scare off the youngins!  It a perfect balance of old meets new.Service here is prompt and unassuming.  I've never gone wanting for a thing at my table during the numerous visits I've made, and yet have never been bothered by a servers overbearing presence.  Another reason it's great for a quiet, romantic dinner.  If I want to be entertained by my server, I'll go to Ru Sans.  Those guys are friggin hilarious; just not conducive to a quiet dinner conversation.I highly recommend the Lemon Goat salad, and the Duck Breast with grapefruit reduction.  My wife can do a salad and crab cake appetizer here and be thoroughly full.  As for the "smokey collards" that comes with the crabcakes...my wife rarely gets to enjoy any, because I'm usually scraping them off her plate and onto mine before the server can set our plates down.  I'm a sucker for good ol' fashioned pork bone soaked collard greens, and this place does not disappoint.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,12/15/2011,71,209,11,7,3>Why 4 stars you say? Well, let's count them off:1 star for being quick - When I walked up there was a girl in the chair. I did not wait more than a few minutes. Once I did sit down, I was in and out in less than ten minutes.A second star for being decently priced - $12 plus tip for an eyebrow shaping is comparable to what I was used to paying for a wax at a chain salon, so complain I shall not. She also made sure to ask if I had a loyalty card, and give me one when i didn't. Loyalty cards, people. They work.A third for actually being able to make something of the mess that was my eyebrow (and no that is not a typo, it had gotten that bad) - All branches of my family tree run throught hairy lineage. On top of that, I am super lazy about girly grooming things. So the fact that the poor woman working at brow bar could make me look like an actual female human being...that's saying something.The fourth star is for NOT saying what every eyebrow waxer has said to me for years upon years upon years. "Jeez, what is all this! You really need to come in more often. It's only a few dollars!" Do not scold me for my grooming. I am an adult and a paying one at that. The Brow Bar employee I had did no such scolding and was very professional. That's big with me.But why not a fifth star you might ask.Because it is a hassle to go to SouthPark. And because I'm not crazy about having my face groomed right out in the middle of a major mall plaza. But both of those are silly reasons that should only add up to one star at most.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,12/14/2011,187,1664,6,4,3>We hit up the bar area of Table 274 for a CMYE tonight, and I have to say that I came away impressed.  I cannot tell you the last time that someone in a restaurant shook my hand as I entered.  It may not have happened at all before tonight.The food was served up on plate after plate (after plate).  The only downside here is that those small plates to eat the appetizers suddenly went missing, but you can scarcely fault Table 274 - there was just too much demand. And there was little slowing down this crowd: The kabob sticks worked well in a pinch.Mmm... The cheese and sausage plate, the pork belly wrapped in bacon, the short rib and sweet potato gnocchi, the shrimp cakes and yes, the chocolate pana cotta.What?  You missed the panna cotta?  That was mostly thanks to Jimmy D.  I think he had four of the six they brought out.  Our intrepid leader, Nicole W., may have had the rest.  You may cut her some slack since it is almost her birthday.  As to Jimmy?  Just look at the guy.  He needs to gain some weight.Twelve words can best sum up our event: I ate here and I didn't die, but this place is awesome!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,12/13/2011,75,80,3,8,7>It's probably a good thing that I can't go into Charlotte proper as often as I want, because if I had constant access to Mattie's, I would be a thousand pounds.  I went last night with Danielle P. and Jake B. who are regulars, and we sat at the counter in front of the grill...definitely try to sit there if you can!  You get to chat with Mattie himself and also watch all of the delicious grill items being cooked up before your very eyes.  I watched him create a burger with grilled cheeses for buns for Jake, even though it's not on the menu.  That's just the kind of place this is:  You have an idea for something, and Mattie will probably make it for you.  What I had was the Cowboy burger, which is a bacon cheeseburger with BBQ sauce and "an onion ring" which actually turned out to be "two giant onion rings."  The onion rings were amazing and added crunch and sweetness, the bacon was cooked PERFECTLY and there was a ton.  The burger itself was burger perfection...well seasoned, nice crust on the outside, juicy inside.  And topped with BBQ sauce on a slightly grilled bun...NOM.  NOM FOREVER.  It seriously made me wonder why I don't always put BBQ sauce on my burgers.  For a side I got the garlic mashed potatoes, but I was too engrossed in the burger to take more than a few bites.  They were, however, my favorite kind (smashed red potatoes), and very delicious.  Even the pickle was yummy!I can't wait to come back and try their breakfast stuff, although my tummy will most likely be crying for the Cowboy burger again.  PLEASE do yourself a favor and eat here.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,12/12/2011,53,97,20,21,8>Wench auctions! Jousting! Handmade goods covered in feathers! Yes, folks, it's time for the obligatory geeking-out of the fall season, the Renaissance Festival. I went last year but I had limited time, so I really didn't get the full experience. Today was awesome though. Let's make a list.1. Tickets- there are many coupons, deals, special days, and promotions available if you're on a budget. Actually last year I won my tickets in a drawing from Creative Loafing, so keep your eyes peeled. I don't think $20 is an outrageous price to pay, but saving money never hurt anyone, especially if you're paying for a group.2. Traffic- leave early. No, really early. I think it opens at 10- plan to get there at 9:30. You won't be, but get ahead of the crowd as much as possible- the last 4 or 5 miles are on a 2-lane road and it is sloooow going.3. Bring cash. A lot of vendors take cards, and there are ATMs on-site, but cash is just easier, plus you'll want to tip your favorite entertainers. 4. Get a map and plan out shows you want to see. It's a large space and a pretty good walk from one end to the other if you're trying to see a specific show on time. The Washing Wenches, Hey Nunnie Nunnie, the belly dancers, and of course the Joust are all worth a look.5. Dress for a day of walking- it's not exactly rough terrain, but I wouldn't wear heels. It's also quite dusty, so expect to get a little dirty. It's wheelchair- and stroller-friendly, but nothing is paved, so bring someone muscle-y to do the pushing.6. Costumes are encouraged! My opinion is, if it's a costume, wear it. Renaissance, Pirate, Victorian, Fairy- everything's welcome. This is a time for fun, so if you've got it, flaunt it. I am as tomboy as they come, but you give me an opportunity to put flowers and glitter in my hair and I am all over that shiz- get your hair braided ladies and gentleman, it's worth it.7. Don't spend all your money right inside the door. There are plenty of food, beverage, and art vendors all the way to the back of the site, so take a look around before you blow everything on that leather corset.8. Speaking of food- it is delicious, but it's a little pricey. Not horrible, but if I were feeding several people, I'd eat before I came and split something as a snack. And no, you cannot eat that whole turkey leg sir- they are delicious but I saw several half-eaten ones going in the trash- find a friend and share. Alcoholic beverages are pretty reasonably-priced, I'd say, from $4-$7, but that giant pewter mug is extra.9. DO NOT BUY YOUR CHILD A TOY SWORD. If you must do this, do it on your way out. I saw a dad get speared in the crotch by his 3-year-old. Don't let that be you.I think this is a great addition to the Charlotte area. It's family-friendly, it's cheap enough that everyone can go, it's a great way to spend a weekend. Really I think my only complaint is getting there. To fully serve the community, I think a bus or shuttle should be offered. My car is not functioning at the moment, and I looked up the bus schedule to get to Concord Mills so my friends could pick me up- it doesn't run on Sunday. Luckily a nearby friend let me ride with him, but if not for that, I would have missed out. At the very least, it would reduce the travel time- it took us an hour and a half from the time we got off the highway to go 4 miles. A park-and-ride station taking multiple guests at a time would be extremely helpful, and would help people enjoy the festival that either do not have cars or are unable to drive.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,12/11/2011,175,289,4,8,5>I had my first great experience at Diamonds Direct over 3 years ago, when based on a recommendation, I went here in search of the wife's engagement ring. It's a larger jewelry store and they customer service has always been great! The sales folks understand the purchase and make you feel comfortable. Over the course of a few days, multiple visits, including the final 3 hour visit to make the final decision, I was set. Carat, Cut, Clarity and Color...I was a genius! They provide advice based on my budget (ha...or lack there of it seemed) and didn't push to hard. Since then we got our wedding bands, as well as other jewelry. They have sales throughout the year and what sets this place apart is the great pricing they have compared to the competition. I recommend them highly. Free cleaning too...just stop in if you're in the area.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,12/10/2011,216,466,2,8,7>WOW!  What a great alternative to the tired epicentre bars!  I was at this cool spot for happy hour last night (ANY pint $3!!) and it was so fun.  Huge downstairs bar and upstairs seating.  The bar has a Hickory Tavern feel, not pretentious, just a laid-back cozy bar.  We had the calamari (lightly breaded), wing platter (very big, not scrawny) and the fried pickles (everything you would expect!).  The waiter was constantly checking on us and didnt miss a beat.  Some of us got dinner there, on the higher end of bar food all in all.  The manager stopped by and joked around with us and was very friendly.  I love that the music isnt too loud here like at Mortimers.  At Mortimers you have to yell to your friends even though they are sitting in front of you, but here the music (all 90's hits last night!) was just loud enough to hear it but not overwhelming.  What a great addition to uptown!  :-D
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,12/9/2011,30,135,2,4,2>IPub sits where T1Tapas once was in Birkdale and the decor looks pretty much the same, tables with touch screens and places to plug in your own IPod etc.  A European themed Pub with TV's at every turn and "football" being the main sport of this pub. My husband and I had been to T1Tapas several times and enjoyed it very much, so this past Saturday we decided to try IPub for dinner and drinks. I got Blue Moon on Tap for $4 (not a great deal) and my husband got the Green Man Porter for $5. For a starter we ordered the Mac and Cheese, which actually tasted like a grilled cheese sandwich. I like grilled cheese sandwiches so it was all good. For our dinner I ordered THE KILCO Warm turkey topped with melted brie, sliced grilled pear and homemade cranberry mayo, served on a whole wheat roll for $10 with pub fries and my husband ordered BEER BATTER FISH AND CHIPS generous portions of wild Haddock, served with homemade tartar sauce, sweet potato fries and British cole slaw for $12. Everything was delicious! If we weren't full we would've like to try more on the menu, but the good news is we enjoyed it so much and have more yummy menu items to look forward to. They also advertised that they are going to start serving brunch on the weekends, and we got to see a sample of the brunch menu. It featured French Toast, Pancakes and Eggs Benedict. We won't go to IPub if we are on a tight budget, but we will go to impress out of town guests or to just enjoy a great beer selection and guaranteed delicious meal.Current Specials:Sunday: NFL Sunday TIcket $2 miller lite, yeungling & blue moon and $5 bloody marys and mimosasMonday: $2.50 domestic beersTuesday: Pint Night, 45 cent wings, free pint glass with beer purchaseWednesday: 1/2 priced wine by the bottleThursday: $5 Martinis and MargartiasFriday: $5 Red Bull and Vodka
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,12/8/2011,40,65,,5,2>Four Friends is Charlotte's second craft brewery. The tasting room, which is really just a small bar inside the brewery, is only open on Saturdays from 2-5ish. Very laid back atmosphere. Jon and Beth (two of the four friends) are very welcoming and make you feel right at home. They have 4-5 beers on tap: Bohemian Beauty (English Pale Ale), Queen City Red (Irish Red Ale), Uptown Brown (Brown Ale), Hopsy Turvy (IPA), and Extinction (American Strong Ale). They also have some small batch specialty beers like the apricot infused brown ale, and the chili mango Bohemian Beauty. They tend to lean toward more malty , understated English style beers, rather than in your face hoppy American styles. They seem to be building a following and getting their beers in local establishments. Always good to see local businesses thrive.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,12/7/2011,66,60,2,5,3>Oh Lulu, my sweet Lulu, five stars for you, darlin. FOOD: I went here on two occasions. First, for a lunch experience, in which I got the nicoise salad. I did not like it. Why did I give this place five stars if I did not like the nicoise salad? This is because I was just made aware that I am not a fan of nicoise salad, and that is no fault of Lulu's, just my own tastes run differently. Because I couldn't handle the strong sardine and anchovie taste doesn't mean that the eggs weren't boiled to perfection, the greens, beans, and tomatoes weren't crisp, fresh and beautiful, and it doesn't mean that the potatoes weren't seasoned perfectly and the tuna wasn't seared the exact rare that I adore. This salad did, in fact, accomplish all of these things - the flavor of anchovie and sardine was just too strong, and I wasn't aware at the time that this is the main staple of a nicoise salad. So, if you do like strong flavors or do happen to love nicoise salad, you probably can't get better. My friend got the petit filet braised in shallots and red wine reduction, with frites on the side. Absolutely flavorful and delicious, highly recommended. We shared The Moviestar appetizer, which is fried calamari with a spicy slaw and 'Asian love sauce', which is all amazing. I highly recommend this calamari with a spicy twist.On the second occasion, I went here with some friends. One got the brei-stuffed half-chicken, with whipped potatoes (gorgeous, juicy and delicious), the other got the calamari stuffed with cream spinich and salmon (also really delicious, but if you're put off from the texture of calamari if it's not fried, you may not like this dish). I got the Moules (mussels), which is what they're famous for, I believe. They come three ways, and I chose moules Normande, which is mussels served in a flavorful thyme, mushroom and bacon bechamel. This is now one of my favorite dishes in the entire world. Not only was everything rich, creamy, flavorful, and complimented the mussels on every taste facet, but the mussels themselves were very high quality. Instead of getting some that are small, tough, or shrivled, these were all plump, juicy, tender and plainly put, perfect. I cannot think of anything that would make this dish better - it's stunning in its entirety.  As a side I ordered the braised fennel, which was an entire fennel bulb, split in half, and braised until brown and delicious. I soaked it in the leftover bechamel from my mussels, and it was a great finish.SERVICE: Here's a contender. Service, while being polite and attentive, is very, very slow. If you are on a schedule, I would not count on keeping it if you go to Lulu's. This is one of those places where if you don't get an appetizer, the wait is very noticable. On the other hand, the food that they serve here is fresh, made to order, skillfully and perfectly done, with wonderful presentation, and I understand that that can take time, so I can't really count it against them. Just make sure you'll be able to extend your lunch hour if you go around then.PRICE: This is going to surprise you - the prices are actually very reasonable, especially their lunch menu. They have moderate pricing for very fresh, well-prepared, and exquisit food. Fill yourself up with amazing mussels at lunch or dinner for $9, or $14 if you add sides. Burgers, apps, and small plates will run you $8-$14, and at lunch, the steaks are around $14 as well. Dinner, your price goes up with your selections to about $17-27, with the highest being the duck $30, and you get what you would at an 'upscale' restaurant in Charlotte for $35-$40 a plate.OVERALL:Food = delicous, intricate, and authenticService = slow for preparation, so make sure you have some time to killPrice = truly amazing for what you get.This place is a gem, I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,12/6/2011,93,189,4,4,5>El Pulgarcito de America (the little thumb in Spanish) is not to be confused with the umpteen million Latin restaurants on Central Avenue.  Over the years of eating countless Mexican and Latin American dishes, I think I've become quite discerning of quality food. El Pulgarcito hits the mark! At a recent Yelp! lunch event, I had the infamous pupusas.  Grilled tortilla patties with gooey pork and cheese filling.  Yum yum! At a $1.50 a piece, pupusas are best thing since tacos (maybe better).  They served them with 'curtido', spicy coleslaw, and I doused them a generous helping of salsa verde for extra kick.  Like my fellow Yelpers (Tiffany N. and Nicole W.), I was joneseing to come back and try the colossal platters that other passed by us as we ate.  The staff spoke decent English and were graceful with our Spanglish faux-pas as we attempted to order while pointing at colorful menu photos.  Luckily, no order was lost in translation.  Instead, our lunch party got far more than we were bargaining for.  What looked like a small plate of goodies ended up being a platter, resulting in the sharing fried tamales, fried plantains, chicken tacos with onion and cilantro...you get the picture.  Depsite the heaping plates, I don't think anyone paid more than $10 for their lunch.El Pulgarcito is a virtually smorgasboard of Mexican and Central American food and culture.  The walls are covered with Latin kitsch, telenovelas are playing on the TV's, and yet the deer antlers remind you haven't left the South.  Take a seat, eat to your heart's delight, and stagger home stuffed!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,12/5/2011,49,306,4,11,8>This is another exciting addition to Plaza Midwood, and FURTHER cements this as the best neighborhood in Charlotte (in my opinion, of course).I happened to read about this place in Creative Loafing and realized it was the place that recently opened across the street from Auto Zone.  I had to go the same night to check it out.The menu is different than a lot of vietnamese places, because they don't heavily specialize in just pho, or banh mi.  Rather, they have a unique and interesting cross section of dishes.  Here's what I got:- two fresh shrimp rolls ($3.95).  Totally clean and refreshing, as good as any I've had anywhere else in NYC, Chicago, Seattle, you name it.  - the lotus root salad with halved shrimp and pork ($15).  Sure it's the priciest thing on the otherwise extremely reasonable menu, but it's an adventurous dish, and big enough for two.  There's a substantial amount of roughage in this dish, and some of that is cabbage, but a lot of it is more exotic, like the lotus root, for example, and the banana blossom, which is shaved into thin ribbons on their meat slicer.  The whole deal is marinated in a vinegar/fish sauce/chili concoction and topped with halved shrimp and sliced pork.  I've never had anything like it.  I'd definitely get it again, especially to split as a side with others.- the grilled shrimp over vermicelli ($6.95).  This was a good version of a dish that I constantly ordered when I used to work near a Vietnamese restaurant in NYC.  The basic components are grilled seasoned shrimp sitting atop cooled vermicelli noodles, with mint and other veggies piled on.  Kien Giang's was super tasty, and brought me back to those previous meals.  The only difference was that this version had shell-on shrimp.  I didn't mind, but I was thinking that if I was trying to eat a quick lunch I'd prefer no shells just for quickness' sake and not to go back to work with shrimpy smelling fingers.Overall, this is a great spot.  It's take-out oriented, but there are some tables inside for diners, and in fact there was a couple enjoying some pho at one table when I went in last night.Also, Linda, the woman running the place, is extremely accommodating.  We went through a lot of the menu items just to get a rundown on all the dishes and ingredients.  And if you worry about language barriers at ethnic restaurants (I don't but some do), never fear, Linda probably speaks English better than you do.One more thing: they've got a bubble tea bar, and that includes vietnamese coffee.Everybody ought to try this place out.  I'm looking forward to many future visits.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,12/4/2011,69,121,1,11,1>You know you need a haircut when it gets so shaggy, the only way you want to wear it is up.  Not up in a way that shows it off.  Up in a way that masks all of your hair's imperfections.  Then one day, you realize even that version of up looks horrendous.  I had a Groupon for Salon M2 and decided to give it a whirl.  They're located in a new shopping center out in Ballantyne, near the Stone Crest shopping center.  Apparently a lot of GPS systems tend to send people down the street (I found this out from Larissa, the lady working on my hair).  If you use your GPS, don't type in the suite number.  I just typed in the street address and was directed straight there.  Larissa did a fantastic job on my hair, and I left loving it.  She was very conscientious about making sure that I was happy with the changes she was making and the cut that I wound up with was flattering and beautiful!  It's been a while since my hair bounced that much... stick-straight fine hair doesn't bounce often.  This is a new business, they just opened in January.  I hope this one stays open because I certainly enjoyed my experience!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,12/3/2011,49,51,2,4,3>My first visit to this place was fantastic. I loved the barbecue.  I wish I were closer so I could pop in more often.  I usually love the vinegar based BBQ but Old Hickory House's sauce was delicious.  I'm now a convert.  The building did seem a little sketchy but once I was inside and seated, the waitress really made me feel welcome.  She explained how long the place has been around (a LONG time) and how everything is cooked and why it's so good.  She was super friendly and talkative.  I highly recommend this place and hope more people check it out!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,12/2/2011,249,585,2,5,3>Yay! I love Aveda products & love that we have this school.I have them to thank for leading me to my hairstylist now (Noel - who graduated & is doing big things at a salon locally).  The place is clean & prices are super reasonable. The only down side is trying to make an appointment. B/c of the reasonable prices & their hours, they stay booked.Everyone there is really nice & they aren't pushy about putting extra services or products on you.  However yes, because their teachers are "grading" them, don't expect a quick "in & out" appointment.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,12/1/2011,208,546,3,7,4>My co-worker and I came here for lunch today. I ordered the mercado sandwich with no bacon plus avocado on focaccia. The sandwich was in a word- perfection! That and an old-fashion style root-beer ran me $7 - well worth it! The sandwich was huge - but it was so tasty I tried to eat my second half ( although I was not successful!). The place is small but we didn't run into any crowds at noon. The service was fairly fast and friendly! There was not a place to eat the sandwich (my reason for 4 stars not 5)...who wants to eat at work ? ...They also close at 3pm so beware if you're craving a late afternoon Laurel Market snack. I will absolutely be back again very soon!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,11/30/2011,146,260,13,11,6>This place is pretty hard to review. Depending on your sobriety level when you leave, it may be because you have a little trouble remembering your time there.When you enter past the surly ticket takers and go through the doors you're greeted by the booming music of top 40s remixes, though I do like the fact that they don't play it so loud that you can't hear someone screaming in your ear. The drinks here are kinda eh, you don't get much for your money and they are fairly weak in my opinion. Though I hear that on Sunday well drinks are free with a $10 cover, and Fridays offers free beer on tap so that's something to keep in mind.The main reason to go here is for the dancing! They have a huge dance floor and it is quite a sight to see everyone dancing their tushes off! I was particularly amused by the twink who was twerkin it like it ain't no thang! I always have a fun time here, even when I'm the DD. The patio outside is filled with people smoking and chatting each other up. Good if you'd like to have a conversation with someone you've met, not so good if you are adverse to cigarette smoke though.Scorpio's is a fun time, and they have lots of cool drag shows that are pretty awesome to watch. There is a fair mix of people on most days. It is extremely ghetto on Saturday though, and lots of fights break out on that day though so I'd steer away from that day.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,11/29/2011,25,251,2,4,3>I fell in love with the PP during my 1st official Yelp Elite event-- and have gone back twice since!  The environment is really homey, dark wood everywhere, casual and family friendly.  But what really got me, was the yummy pizzas with plenty of creative toppings and nice wheat-ish chewy, tender crust on the inside and crisp, crunchy outside. An 8 inch pizza BBQ or Thai pizza at PP is $8.  Over at California Pizza Kitchen, their pizza is 10 inches and is about $11-$14.  The similar 10 inch specialties at Mellow Mushroom are about $11- $13. (Some are cheaper, like the plain cheese.) Honestly, for the price-- I don't miss the additional 2 inches of pizzas!  PP $16 larges are also about $3 or $4 less than the MM large 16 inchers. Oh, and the BBQ ribs appetizer was tasty-- for $5 you get 3 big ribs that are dry rubbed, baked then fried and drenched in a savory/sweet BBQ sauce.  Can't wait to try the pizza lunch buffet for $7.50 with pizza and salad included! PS:  Oh yeah, and the magician, Magic Barry who makes an appearance on certain nights, he is a blast in a glass.  Like a more wholesome, senior citizen version of David Blaine :-)
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,11/28/2011,53,163,,5,2>I'm going to give them 4 stars because our server, while a little awkward, tried really hard to make sure we were happy.  It was a little hard for me to select an entree here because everything, and I mean everything, seems to either be spicy or loaded with cilantro.  Two of my biggest dining foes.  I ended up with the fried calamari roti (burrito) with whichever was the lightest spiced curry.  I forgot to mention the cilantro thing at first and so after we ordered I remembered and got our servers attention.  He took care of it right away and my food did come out cilantro free, phew!I also had the squash casserole and side salad because I was told the mac-n-cheese was even spicy, made with a queso sauce.  Sides were okay, I did try my sistersmac and while yes it did have a kick, I found it pretty tolerable and very yummy!Brownie in an orange was weird and the orange flavor on everything was a bit much for me.  But it wasn't bad.  Overall this might not be a place suited to my tastes, but I appreciate what they are doing and I wish them success!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/27/2011,155,972,3,9,7>Good as new! Hubs dropped his iPhone and instantly knew that it was doomed. If you are an iPhone user, life stops dead in the tracks until you get it back to working. Found this place through Yelp, drove down...and it took longer to actually locate this place than the actual repair. FYI - it's upstairs. Handed the shattered iPhone over, sat down, flipped a few pages in a magazine, and wha-la, it's fixed! To repair the glass, it was $75. The glass is slightly thicker and heavier, but after a few minutes, you can't tell a difference. The employees were friendly, fast, and tech-quirky (that's a good thing).
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,11/26/2011,14,43,,5,3>OK.  I love this place.  I just finished grilling a prime New York strip steak I picked up about 2 hours ago and I can say it was the best steak I have purchased in Charlotte, arguably in my life.  Note: I really mean the best steak I have bought and personally cooked - I've had some great steaks from Del Frisco's, etc.  There is plenty of parking in front of the shop (or shoppe...), so it's very easy to pull right in.  They have a wide variety of beef, both prime and not.  From what I remember, they had all the normal steaks, such as strips, ribeyes and porterhouses.  I didn't see filet, but I am sure it's there.  They also have a great selection of pork and lamb.  I'll have to pick up a tenderloin from there soon...  In addition to the meats, they have a bunch of prepared foods.  I picked up a broccoli casserole which was delicious.  Wines and frozen gourmet foods.  All in all - this place is great and very reasonably priced for the quality of food you'll get.  I will be back.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,11/25/2011,137,460,,4,3>This was my second visit to Tanaka.  Today, the sushi was divine, esp. because it was half off (Mondays and Wednesdays).  I personally enjoyed the Botz (crab).  I especially enjoy their fried rice.  I think it is some of the best in the Charlotte area.Service was fast and friendly.  The restaurant was just beginning to become busy after we ordered.  The atmosphere was family-oriented so a good time was had by all.  Check out my photos.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,11/24/2011,95,94,2,4,2>Foodie Call is the shizzle fo' rizzle. Not only does the food come fast, fresh and hot, but they send you email updates every step of the way. So you always know where you food is and when you can expect it in your mouth! The selection of restaurants is great and will even let you order beer or wine to add to your meal. There is a $5 fee for the delivery, and of course you should tip, but being able to eat delicious food from some of Charlotte's best restaurants in your jammies on the couch is worth every penny! They really do a great job and should be on everyone's speed dial for the weekends when you just don't feel like going out!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,11/23/2011,31,101,2,3,3>Have to confess that I've walked by here a dozen times and never stopped in - BIG MISTAKE!I was in the area anyway for a meeting and needed to grab lunch so I took a chance. . .turns out this place is great! Menu is a little confusing (lot of real estate devoted to shakes vs sandwiches, salads, etc). However, once you get the swing of it the menu makes sense. I ended up ordering a salad/sandwich combo: their greek salad and chicken salad on wheat. The salad was very fresh, with a low fat dressing and nice chunks of feta. The chicken salad was rock star - real chicken, light mayo, herbs, cranberries and walnuts. Awesome overall.The combo came with a drink so I tried the ginger peach iced tea - again, great option and unique. The total for all this was $7 bucks - a bargain for healthy, handmade food in Uptown. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,11/22/2011,37,69,,6,5>The Passage to India lunch buffet never fails to satiate my curry and tandoori fix and their mixed up lunch buffet has kept me happily coming back here for about 2 years.No one is going to say this is the best Indian food that you'll ever eat, but, the prices are very reasonable and food is worth returning for.If you've never had Indian food before the lunch buffet is a cheap and yummy way to see what you like.TIP: UNCC students show your ID for 10% off. A bunch buffet comes out to less than $7 for all you can eat. Where is this, Vegas? Just show me the slot machine!After two years of ethnographic observation, I think I cracked the Indian Buffet Code. In general the buffet consists of something like this:Carbs:- Pyaz Pakora: crispy deep fried onions. Yummy- White rice with peas- Fried vegetable rice- Butter Naan and Garlic NaanThen about 3 or 4 vegetable curries, such as- Something beany: Channa masala, Dal- Something greeny: Saag Paneer, Aloo Gobi Palak- Something creamy: Paneer Tikki Masala, Shai Paneer- Spiced Cabbage(y): I can never eat enough thisAnd then about three Chicken dishes (with a Lamb mixed in there sometimes too):- Tandoori chicken- Chicken Tikki Masala- Chicken Saag- Butter Chicken MasalaDessert- about 1 or 2 of the following:- Rice Kheer - Gulab Jamun- Sliced fruit (oranges, watermelon)With the variety and consist quality, I'll be coming back here as long as I am a student at UNCC!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,11/21/2011,140,70,1,4,4>Snug Harbor should get its own category of bar.  If I had to choose I guess it has to go into the Dive category.  All you really need to know is that it's incredible--a hole in the wall with people from every corner of Charlotte.   I won't be a broken record, you can read everyone else's reviews... but just know that if you are looking for a low key kind of night, some good music & heavy pours, this is the place to go.Last time we were there to see a friend's band play we talked to the bartender who had gotten back from Thailand at 3pm (it was 9pm!).  Drinks were cheap and the service was quick.  The inside of the bar is really the place to see - crazy artwork, personal touches, random crap - all wonderful.  Outside there are park benches and tiki torches where you can hangout, smoke, & probably make some new friends. If you are looking for the opposite of uptown bars, this is probably a good spot for you!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2010,11/20/2011,108,93,7,8,3>I'm with Tiffany N., I don't like giving away my thrifty/vintage secrets. But this particuar Value Village is the shhhhhhhhhhhutyourmouth. I have dropped $20 in here and walked out with a gorgeous puff sleeved winter coat, a wilson's leather jacket, a new years eve sweater that i'll wear as a minidress, 3 blazers, 3 little black dresses and a star trek party dress that's a sexy beast! I've gone to other VVs in Charlotte, hoping to find the same type bounty, to no avail. This one is the holy grail.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,11/19/2011,121,566,4,7,7>For my 500th review it had to be good and friends helped me find a great Mexican place that fit the bill.  The chips are hot and the salsa is fresh.   Corn tortillas are the norm!  Chicken tacos are meaty.  The bulls eye for me was the ground beef tacos - lots of flavor!  Simple, no-frills, good food.Plus we had the drink of the day, a cucumber margarita.  I've never tasted anything like it and can't wait to come back.  And to top it all off, the price is right!  Just one more reason to drive through Central Ave more often.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,11/18/2011,126,906,2,2,4>Finally got to try Copper with a large group of friends the other night.  I had been drooling over the menu for a week or so when we had made plans to go.  I definitely was not disappointed with my experience here!  Our waiter was super awesome and very charming - he had this dry sense of humor that really worked especially with a big group.  My favorite line that came from him was when we were asking about heat levels and someone had mentioned they wanted a "kick".... and he responded with a dead-serious look on his face:  "flying kick" or "regular kick".... I was rolling on the floor laughing and it took a couple of my friends a repeat of what was just said to get them on board with my flailing of hands and obnoxious laughter.Not sure if every table gets this, but we were a table of six and we got a basket of regular Naan with 3 different dipping sauces.  Super delicious.I was feeling very adventurous that night and saw that the first course selections had a "Soup of the Day".... I totally ordered it without asking what it was.  Our waiter replied that the soup was Tomato.... and I was a bit saddened, but still ordered it anyway.  Later he came back and said he was mistaken and the soup was a coconut bell pepper soup.  Sounded great, and was a great surprise.  Best accidental soup of the day ordering ever.  When the soup came, I had to let everyone try it because it was just THAT good.  It was everything that the name promised and more.My main course was the Saunfiya Kesri Chicken which was on the "modern" section.  Who wouldn't pick it based on its description alone?:  Saffron-Fennel Roasted Chicken Breast, Fennel-Chive Creme, Mixed Vegetables!!!!!!  There was a heavy hand of black pepper on the veggies that I really really really really enjoyed and it went perfect with the chicken.  I wanted to fill an Olympic-sized pool with the creme sauce and do laps in it.Having a really good time with the food, I convinced my friend to split a dessert with me and we partook in the "Three Excuses"... they had great dessert names on the menu.  The excuses included a flour-less "Callibaut" chocolate torte, gulab jamun, baileys kulfi.  ALL WERE GREAT and a nice way to end the meal.Felt a little guilty when the check came - I had 2 glasses of wine with my meal and probably spent way more than I should for one person for one dinner, but I enjoyed it tremendously.  Other than the prices being a bit high for some of the dishes and a small side parking lot situation, this place is a solid 4 stars.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,11/17/2011,104,306,2,4,5>Somehow i never even knew this place existed, yet Wife P. had a Groupon so she suggested it for a takeout lunch. This is my second time eating in this little area in the past week (other visit to Pinky's). After checking out their online menu we called in our order and it was ready nearly Chinese fast food fast. We decided to order and split two sandwiches. We went with the Club and the meatloaf sandwich. Both were delicious with the winner being the meatloaf. Broccoli casserole and pimento cheese with chips for our sides. Both were delicious. For dessert, we ordered both the peanut butter pie and banana pudding. Both were delicious. A delicious lunch paired with the magic of Groupon (where it feels like free money even though you already paid something for it) made for a wonderful experience. It seemed like a cool space even though i just picked up a to go order. It will probably end up in the ever expanding we will return eatery options.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,11/16/2011,62,55,3,5,3>Group fun at Cantina.... OH YEA... we got the fish bowl room!  Just be careful you don't run into the awkwardly placed glass partition.  Dinner was wicked good!  I had the veggie something or nother... Tasted fried, so I'm good!  Everyone at the table (8 or us) was pleased with everything that they ordered.  The waitress was very attentive even though our group seemed to have overwhelmed her a wee bit!  I do like this place a good bit, so if you're looking for a great lil mexican restaurant then definitely check it out.  I've never heard of anyone having a bad experience there!  Check out the Dragonberry cocktail!  It's spectacular!    Make reservations, they book up quick!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,11/15/2011,17,166,3,6,3>Second trip (a week after my first visit with some friends who hadn't been to Ben Thanh before) and it was just as good if not better this time!  I had #39 this time with chicken (it's curry sauce in coconut cream with chicken, onions, potatoes and sweet potatoes...yum!) My friends had #47 (Stir fried vermicelli with shrimp, beef, pork, chicken and veggies) and #48 (Stir fried vermicelli with chicken curry and veggies) and a ginger stir fry...and what I sampled of theirs was yummy as well.  Two friends ordered the fresh spring rolls, which I didn't sample but they ordered them again at the end of the meal because they liked them so much!Service was great - very friendly and attentive and once again - a great meal!  Would definitely recommend this to a friend trying Vietnamese for the first time!Don't judge this restaurant by it's cover - it's a great place inside...if you don't know what you might like...just ask the waitstaff - they'll be happy to help and you might just find something new you like!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,11/14/2011,24,115,1,10,2>Went here on date-night, and the place was oh so romantic. I give the food 3-stars, but the ambiance deserves a star all on its own. What can I say, I like my food messy and ethnic. Bentley's food is pretty and rich. We ordered the crabcake for appetizers, I ordered the Taste of Hawaii, which was fresh sea bass that night, and my man ordered a steak. The presentation was lovely, and the service was superb. Think Anthony Hopkins in Remains of the Day. We had the best view in the house in my opinion, facing the city skyline. We got there at 8 p.m. and by the middle of our dinner, we saw the sun set.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,11/13/2011,761,516,,5,3>I really have no excuse of why it has taken me so long to check out this Charlotte gem.  A truly unique place in a really crappy shopping center...but just walk inside and find elegance and charm.  Our waiter was fantastic and very knowledgeable about the menu - I took every suggestion that Drew (the waiter) offered.  Started the night with a very delicious French Martini - believe me when I say this place has good martini's I drink a lot of them so I should know.  Now to the food I think I'll start backwards on this review because my  favorite part of my trip to Bistro La Bon was the dessert and I rarely order dessert anywhere the bread pudding is out of this world - one of a kind and unforgettable (have I convinced you yet).  Some other items I tried that were tasty the ribeye appetizer and tomato bread (these are called something fancy on the menu but I can't remember) oh and start with the cheese plate they do it right here - take their time placing each cheese perfectly the presentation was beautiful and it was one of the best cheese plates I've had in town.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,11/12/2011,18,70,,7,5>stumbled upon this gem my 1st day in Charlotte.... cruelty free, eco-friendly products that let you feel like Gandhi with ever conscious clearing purchase!  Marley, the owner, could not be more friendly and helpful! They have tons of great products including local, organic, and vegn! Great place to pick up a baby shower gift or gift for yourself!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,11/11/2011,1252,934,7,2,4>Still my go to sushi spot downtown after enso dropped the ball.For this little occassion, my apartment building was having a social event and Saki bombs and sushi was on the menu.  Never had a saki bomb until then..........not bad........should keep that on my drinking list for the future.The funniest thing about this entire visit was the manager/owner...was doing saki bomb every round.  She'd set them up and do it.  Tiny little thing she was and got a little stinky, which I thought was VERY cool!Sushi was good.....saki bomb was better........still my neighborhood Sushi place!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,11/10/2011,87,175,3,4,3>Clean, simple, and not very expensive.  Honestly, 4 stars is a little high for this place, but it is right on par with expectations.  It is relatively new to the city located right on Tryon next to starbucks and the staff is very helpful.  They had a wide variety of choices and options for every kind of meal.  Even had plenty of stuff to take on the run.  Probably a great lunch spot for city working folk. Food:  I got the Pesto Chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  It had a nice mix of grilled green/red peppers to go with a perfect amount of pesto spread.  The whole sandwich was grilled warm and really hit the spot.  Luckily, I wasn't particularly hungry and the sandwich modestly portioned.  If I was starvin marvin, I would have been left slightly lacking.    Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,11/9/2011,205,512,2,9,3>Such a great concept, get a card, go to a station to order your freshly prepared meal, drink, or dessert how you like it and swipe away! Every station has a swiping device for your card to capture your order so don't lose it. The bar area is very plush and sassy.......me like! I'm a little confused on whether you actually have a waiter/waitress since everything is basically do it yourself and you take your card to the counter to swipe and pay before leaving. I tried the bolognese on this visit and although it was not as fab as Vivace's version, it was pretty good. The pasta is made on-site but it didn't taste fresh to me....I'm just saying. It was good but I think it was just way too many noodles and not enough sauce and I was only able to eat half and took the other half with me and they have neat tupperware like 'to go' containers that are microwavable.....nice! I'll have to try pizza and dessert on my next visit.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,11/8/2011,85,62,2,5,3>Got a quick bite to eat and a beer here for lunch on Sunday during the game.  Quite a few Panthers fans were there (with not a lot of cheering going on...) but the food came out fast, and it was quite good for bar food...I had the chicken club with fries, and had a few of my friends onion rings - the decor was also great, very spacious, I might have to swing by here some evening when it's booming to see the crowd that hangs out here!  I'd definitely recommend Thomas Street Tavern if you are looking for a quick lunch and drink!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,11/7/2011,255,284,9,4,6>Pool stick in one hand, dart in another, place my tall boy PBR on this ledge please. The earth is shaking again. Don't worry, it's just the train passing right behind the building. Why am I on this dirty couch? I don't remember. Just another night at the Beav.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,11/6/2011,876,4126,6,7,5>I love Mongolian BBQ. No, you don't understand. This is a thing for me. I was working in the DC area for a few months a couple of years ago and every week, we had to go to BD's or someone would go into withdrawal. Usually me. There's just something about a stir fry where you pick your own fixings and spices and they grill it right then and there.Everything here is very fresh and a good selection of proteins and veggies and stuff to mix in. Plus a dozen powdered spices and another dozen sauces.There's no complaining - everything in the bowl was selected by you. So if you're wondering where that chicken or crabmeat came from, look in the mirror!Service is quick, even when it's busy. Drop off your dish, get a number and the server brings it to your table. Easy, pleasy, lemon squeezy. Yes, there is lemon juice too!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,11/5/2011,87,274,3,8,3>This is a little tiny hole in the wall to-go cheap Chinese place but they have enough space for a few dine-in tables.  Is it anything fancy?? NO.  But it sure is cheap and solid.  Where else can you find a lunch special for $4.50 with rice and egg roll (I personally like spring roll better)?  The portion isn't big, so I feel bad for eating the whole darn order in record time since I normally split my food into 2 meals to justify all the craps I eat.  But a girl gotta do what a girl gotta do to fill her belly.  Just FYI, when I eat with my parents here, we actually order a little more authetic Chinese... like Ma Po Tofu and salt & pepper spare ribs, and they are actually really good.  If you don't speak Chinese (assuming that you don't), I wonder if you can still ask for it.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,11/4/2011,151,1019,6,7,7>I always thought my living in Charlotte was going to be temporary so I never really considered buying a house and have preferred renting.  Renting has its advantages, when something breaks, you don't have to fix it yourself, you just call the management office and they fix it for you.Marsh Associates and Properties is a locally owned company with some outstanding properties in prime locations in Charlotte.  Their properties don't have all the amenities that others do but some of us don't need a wine concierge.I live in their Salem Village community with is off of Park Rd but this is the office where the management team is located.  The management is friendly and attentive to any issues.you may see.  The maintenance staff is fast and efficient and gets things done the first time.  And I actually love where I live.  I may never move.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/3/2011,84,110,3,5,7>I love the laid back atmosphere at Mac's and their outdoor patio is the perfect place to enjoy lunch on a pretty day.  Their BBQ is delicious and they have a ton of tasty sides to choose from.  Last time we went here I ordered the pulled pork plate with mac and cheese and collard greens.  The pulled pork is also served with two slices of buttered texas toast, perfect for piling the meat on to make a sandwich.  All of my food was great, especially after adding some extra BBQ sauce to the pork.  The collard greens are so full of flavor (seem to be cooked in a bacon broth) and they have a bit of a kick to them.  I tried the hubby's brunswick stew and it is so good!  It's a little runny and spicy but I think it's wonderful.  On top of all the delicious food they have a decent selection of beer.While Mac's hasn't solidified a spot as my #1 BBQ place in Charlotte, it's still a great place to bring visitors especially when the next destination is OMB.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,11/2/2011,92,370,5,11,7>1st customer ever and 1st to review, wow what a privilege.It was a dark and stormy afternoon when I decided to try this brand new Charlotte restaurant.  A little hungover from the night before, I didn't mind the gloom of the day, but knew I needed some nutrients ASAP.As soon as you walk in, you know why they call it Fern.  The fern theme covers most of the restaurant and gives it a fresh feel.   A lot of the back wall has them hanging from it.  The lighting was quite intriguing as well.  Mason jars with bulbs inside hanging from the ceiling.  Quaint and homey, but yet still somewhat chic.  I was quickly seated and was told I was their first ever customer(besides soft opening I assume).I could tell this place was a little different as my water was lightly infused with the freshness of cucumber.  I then took a look at the plentiful but yet rather concise menu.  As soon as I saw it, I knew it was a must.  SQUASH BLOSSOM HUSH PUPPIES!!!  I asked the waitress to leave me to my menu for a minute as I re-hydrated.  There was a diverse juice menu and they had tea with orange that sounded awesome.  That said, the water was just so refreshing that I stuck with that.  An alcohol menu did exist as well with gluten free beers and organic wines, but not what I was looking for on this day.I ordered the rest of my food while waiting for the appetizer, but we'll get to that in a minute.  OOOOOOH, the squash blossoms!!  3 beautiful corn dog looking pieces of fried goodness .  Crispy exterior, with the best vegan cheese filling I have ever tasted.  The onion butter was sweet and subtle, the perfect accoutrement.  I highly recommend this as a starter.  Can't even really put it into words.  May have to go back soon and try to find the vocabulary to describe them.I went for the OM burger as I just wasn't really feeling most of the other dishes of the day.  My waitress recommended the quinoa salad as a side and she was right all the way, amazing flavor for such a basic grain.  My cohort for lunch decided the mushroom "risotto" would be his dish.  I say "risotto" because it was made with farro, not rice.  Its still a risotto, just not quite what you first think.Both dishes came out relatively quickly.  My burger was about as good as a veggie burger can be.  The chevre on top was definitely worth the extra $2 and made the whole thing so much creamier.  The soft interior of the burger matched with a nice crunchier exterior gave the feeling of a perfectly medium rare burger.  It sat a little heavy on my stomach, but that was kind of expected.My buddies dish looked well put together.  I only got a bite or 2, but there was a trio of mushrooms, some tofu, and some other odds and ends added to a somewhat creamy farro mix.  The farro was aldente, which is how I assume it was meant to be.  The flavor was awesome, but I give it 4.5 stars on cohesiveness.  It just seemed like it needed to be bound a little better.  Not a complaint, just a personal preference.All in all, one of the best lunches I've ever had in Charlotte and they're just getting started.  My only complaint would be that my pen kind of exploded in my hand as I signed off on the check.  Might want to splurge a little better than family dollar next time, lol.  This place will be on my list of frequented places from now on, even if its just to get some juice.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,11/1/2011,118,281,7,13,10>Holy god, this place is delish. But if you're stuffing your face with deep fried, hot toddy S.Indian goodness, tables in full 95 degree sunlight don't work as seating - an umbrella, perhaps, would make this an easier lunchtime sell.Fav? Lilva Katchori - tiny nuggets of buckwheat groats and mustard seeds, turmeric, curry leaves, covered in pastry and fried. Crunchy, textural, rad. Comes with their house hot tamarind sauce - a sweet, gradually crescendoing spice experience, thin, and everything tastes better dipped in it.Got some sort of sandwich, let's go with curry and lime pickle and chickpea spread - and damn, it was awesome. A slider by way of Punjab. Killer.Prices are low to mid - and there are things being made here that you can't get anywhere else, plus the classics are fab - samosas, two huuuuge pastry-covered piles of fennel seed, potato, unidentifiable delish, for 3 bucks. A garlicy, smoky dal, multiple legumes, a cup or so of Paneer Masala, a perfect amount of rice, papadum, and thin, pancake-like Naan, for 7. Sweet.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,10/31/2011,1034,436,12,8,8>Small local business, let's support Sunflour by eating pies! They have the cutest, little baby pies, key lime, coconut creme and CHOCOLATE!  Enough for three normal slices or one just fat party pants pie. The nice girl behind the counter took two pies in the back for us and divided them so we could each take half with a smile! Now this is service!They also have sandwiches, cookies, savory muffins all wrapped up in a modern little dining room with friendly staff. I'm gonna rate them, three pinwheels.I would like Sunflour to make their coffee a little stronger. Please. PIE!!! 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,10/30/2011,142,86,2,7,3>You can't beat their lunch special.  We walk over from CPCC a lot for lunch & it's cheap, tasty & you get quite a bit of food.  Be warned, if you order the entree dinner size, it's more than enough to feed 2 people!  We made the mistake of ordering 2 dinner sized entrees one night & had enough for 2 more meals.  Their beef & broccoli is delicious!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,10/29/2011,115,369,2,4,2>Oh me oh my this was SO what I needed on a sunny Thursday.A plethora of vegetables and toppings to choose for a salad, innovative sandwiches and scrumptious sounding soups. I had the hardest time choosing and so I asked the guy at the counter what he would recommend for a veggie loving vegan. Being vegan himself, he whipped up a southwestern salad with bbq tofu. It was amazing (but a little steeply priced).The interior decor is relaxing and very open. The staff were all friendly (that I spoke to at least). I was very, very happy with my food. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,10/28/2011,34,49,3,7,5>In Baxter Village, a planned community in Fort Mill which is often referred to as "Pleasantville", "Stepford", and "Agrestic East", Cupcrazed Cakery offers some welcome texture to a homogenous bubble.Every day, owner Heather McDonnell and her dedicated staff serve up themed creations such as Kool-Aid, Girl Scout cookie, Double Rainbow, Maple Bacon, Policeman Specials (coffee cupcake with a house-made mini doughnut on top) and Monthly Charity Cupcakes in addition to their regular, more traditional flavors.Daily specials are publicized on facebook and twitter, and their insatiable customer base often buys out the entire shop before closing time. If you can't get there early,  call to request a specific cupcake to be set aside for you. Like the sign on the wall there says, "We are not Wal-Mart. We don't have everything every day." Heed the advice and get the rarities while you can.A gluten-free oven is reserved for selections for those with wheat sensitivities, vegan cupcake concoctions are offered on a regular basis, and Cupcrazed is dedicated to using natural and fresh ingredients in their treats. Unlike some other cupcake shops, all of the cupcakes are made fresh daily, unless they are noted to be day old, and those are sold at half price. They're still good, and are a bargain, to boot.Outdoor seating has recently been added, or tear into a luscious cake pop in the adorably funky and cozy dining area flanked by iconic pop culture images altered to include cupcake kitsch. Coffee and other beverages are also available, and free Wi-Fi for customers, ahem, sweetens the experience.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,10/27/2011,196,213,8,7,4>Chicky chicky bok bok, chicky chicky. Oh how I love me some roasted chicken. Pio Pio is a clean restaurant with great staff and excellent portions. While rotisserie chicken is good no matter how it's prepared, there wasn't a distinct "Peruvian" flavor. Maybe I'm ignorant (don't answer that please), but  it just tasted like any other roasted chicken with herbs and spices. Good nonetheless. Sweet plaintains; well they're plantians no matter how you slice em. Fried yucca was just that, yummy in my tummy fried yucca. Rice and beans were solid but what Pio Pio does best are the dipping sauces. I don't know how to describe them but I'm guessing one is a vinegar based garlic cream sauce and the second I can't even put my finger on. To be honest, I don't really care, it was good that's all I know. It's like going to a foreign country or eating foreign food. If it looks like grasshopper, crunches like grasshopper, well it just might be grasshopper! Don't ask, don't tell, just eat it if it's yummy!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,10/26/2011,78,188,8,13,5>Carowinds is one of those places that I find difficult to review objectively.  The reason for this is that I am a Charlotte native (a rare breed), and Carowinds is the sort of institution that is just a part of the local fabric.  Growing up here, I have always gone to Carowinds; everyone has always gone to Carowinds; Carowinds has always been THERE.  This even goes back a generation: my parents were going to Carowinds when Thunder Road was the biggest ride in town.That being said, I do believe Carowinds holds its own, especially as a regional theme park.  After all, with the introduction of the Intimidator, the park has the tallest, fastest coaster in the Southeast.  That's pretty cool.  The food is overpriced (as is to be expected), and with so much human traffic throughout the day, you're bound to run into the occasional spot of ick.  But on the whole, the park is fairly clean and the staff is about as polite as you can expect a bunch of teenaged summer employees to be.I suppose that's as objective as I am going to get.  Here are thoughts on some specific rides:Intimidator: tallest, fastest, etc.  Probably my favorite coaster.  Line can get long-ish, but it moves fairly quickly.  The first ascent to is a true "wtf-why-am-I-doing-this-we're-all-gonna-die" moment followed by "WHEEEE!"Afterburner: Formerly Top Gun.  Always Top Gun to me, actually.  My second favorite: it's still a lot of fun and since Intimidator opened, the line is usually very quick.Nighthawk: Formerly the Borg.  You're suspended as though you were lying on your stomach, staring at the ground. I honestly can't decide if this one thrills me or terrifies me.  The line can be very long and slow, since the boarding process is fairly complicated.  I sometimes skip this one.Vortex: Otherwise known as the ball-cruncher.  I am too tall for this one, fortunately.Carolina Cyclone: On the old side, but those corkscrew twists are still pretty cool. If you are tall, make sure you sent in the front, or you will have shattered shins.Thunder Road: This old gal gets a bad rep for being bumpy, but I still find it pretty dang thrilling.  Perhaps because it is a wooden coaster, it *feels* incredibly fast and dangerous.  It's not as high as the Intimidator, but it feels subjectively faster to me, although I know it's not. Line is pretty short now that the shiny, metal coasters have eclipsed it in the public eye.Hurler: Another older wooden ride.  Again, I think the (hopefully untrue) impression of rickety-ness from that method of construction adds to excitement.  The deeply-banked turns are fun.Cobra: Short, lightning fast, but awesome.  A great "whew, we're done--OMG NO WE'RE NOT" moment.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,10/25/2011,61,87,,10,4>Urban Sip is in my opinion, Spot On. Fantastic elegant seating near the window gives you a great view of the City. The servers impressed me with a wine list that left nothing out. It was huge and it almost made it tough to decide. However, the wait staff is very on top of offering selections of wine most to your liking. But, the cheese selections... well, that's where they blew me away. How on earth do they remember each cheese and be able to articulate it's flavor in every variety. I needed some help creating our cheese delight. So, our waitress offered up some great selections, one goat, one sheep, one beef. All amazing. They had some sweet compliments to go with it like marmalade and a salad confetti. I really enjoyed the wonderful experience. That's what dining is all about. The experience. Well done!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,10/24/2011,75,581,2,7,3>Debbie was very easy to order from and they were able to deliver on time with no problems.  She helped me style a flower arrangement and it turned out really pretty.  I would use them again when I need flowers.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,10/23/2011,87,62,2,15,8>I know this place puts on countless events and is known for its food, weddings, and historic inn, however my review is for one specific service they offer here. It was listed as one of the top ten dates in Charlotte magazine, so I surprised my wife with the Vanlandingham Estate's gourmet outdoor picnic for two. I took advantage of a groupon, but for the normal price of $65 you get a gourmet dinner in a picnic basket with a bottle of wine and a blanket and the option to setup your picnic anywhere on the grounds you wish. My wife opted for a spot by the falls and was so impressed with this date. She couldn't stop admiring the beautiful grounds all around us and the idea of being on a classic southern picnic. Our picnic basket included a container of lemonade, an entree of chopped BBQ, a side of potato salad, and banana pudding for dessert (Yes Nilla Wafers included). They also gave us a bottle of wine with our choice of red or white. Inside the basket is also a bottle opener and a book of love poetry if you wanted to go the extra mile and recite some cheesiness to your loved one.This was definitely a memorable date for us and we would do it again in the future. I did ask what would happen if it rained the day I booked our picnic, to which they replied they would setup an intimate area inside the estate for us to enjoy our romantic dinner.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,10/22/2011,51,85,3,5,3>After having to get up and leave the table of a new downtown restaurant (our server never showed up), I was excited to go to Upstream for some real service, and food for that matter. I have been to Upstream a number of times and it has yet to disappoint. The staff is friendly and accommodating (you want a booth? no problem! lemons with that? you got it!), the service top notch, and the food solid. Their Asian inspired calamari appetizer is outstanding. I sampled the cashew crusted Mahi which came in a pleasantly sweet sauce with pineapple and baby shrimp. Very tasty. I ordered the Mahi prepared with the lemon vinaigrette and the bok choy as a side. Light and fresh, but flavorful. What more can you ask for? We split a chocolate mousse cake type of dessert that was ok. It tasted like it was made out of house. Maybe Upstream could use a pastry chef? The atmosphere is classy, yet relaxed. This establishment has been here for a while and could benefit (aesthetically) from some updates (hand dryer, automatic sinks...perhaps). I would take anyone here I wanted to impress or just show a great time. We were treated like kings!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,10/21/2011,14,112,5,3,5>Holy @#$^!!!!  This place has a Scotch egg!  I'm so easy to please that a simple boiled egg wrapped in a thin layer of sausage, then fried, was enough to draw me in to this place.  I've been 3 times now and will break down my review by visits to give you, the reader, the best reading experience possible.  Round 1, in which I eat the famed Scotch egg:  It was pretty impressive to see the managing partner behind the bar slinging beers and laying down some knowledge upon the people.  There was a band playing some traditional Irish music, which one could find ironic, considering that this is a Scottish-themed bar.  I just figure that the Scots and the Irish have the common bond of hating the English, so it works.  I noticed during Round 1 that the beer selection is epic and made a mental note to come back for a Round 2.  Have I mentioned the Scotch egg?  Round 2, in which I follow up on my mental note and introduce the lady to good beer:  After eating a delicious meal at Dandelion Market (see review of DM) it was decided that we should have a digestif  of sorts and stop by MM's for a beer.  Well...Ginny wanted to have a martini, but Ryan the bartender straightened her out after just one of those.  I gave Ryan free reign to put down any beer he chose and had a marvelous evening of Scottish beers.  It was while enjoying this selection of Scottish marvels that I noticed the offering of Scotch flights and made Mental Note #2 to come back for this.  Round 3, in which Ginny continues her new obsession with Scotch and we find out that meatloaf CAN taste good:  A group of us decided to head out for some food after a little happy hour fun at Valhalla.  I had the roast chicken with mashed turnips.  I cannot put into words how good those turnips were.  I love turnips and have eaten neeps at other English/Irish/Scottish restaurants both in the States and in the UK and can say that these have been my favorite.  Ginny had meatloaf.  I know that it sounds boring, but it was so much better than any meatloaf you've ever dreamed of.  But you've never dreamed of meatloaf, right?  Or if you have it was more of a nightmare about a sweaty guy singing about lovin' in a car.  If you HAVE dreamed about meatloaf, this meatloaf is better than any other that you've dreamed of.  You can't take this restaurant in simply in one visit.  You must make mental notes and come back for more.  You must try one of their several Scotch flights which represent the various regions in which the whiskey (or whisky for you Scotch purists) is distilled.  And eat the scotch egg, for the love!  It doesn't roll off the tongue like "eat a peach," but it tastes damn good while you're eating it.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,10/20/2011,175,207,2,3,3>Along with City Art Works, this place is my go-to place for a jewelry piece for myself, my mother & sister, or any ladyfriend in my life. With prices ranging from $8-$60, you can find something on any budget and the merchandise is changing constantly so there's always something new and beautiful!They've got a large selection of sterling silver, and engravable pieces, but my favorite part is the ever changing color array of seasonal pieces. With a good mix of gold and silver, you can find any color stone here (sometimes real, other times faux) just be prepared if you're a jewelry lover - this place is like Target! I never walk out empty handed... :)Employees are always helpful, and as Todd might vouch for, they're very helpful and empathetic to a man who has stumbled in looking for something to say "I love you", "I'm sorry" or "Wanna do it?".
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,10/19/2011,43,91,,7,2>This is a great place to get non-healthy vegan food. I almost feel like it's cheating to eat here because they have so many options that are all like traditional American bar food, like a philly-stake, which is greasy and yummy.The chili nachos are good and when you order them the chili is separated from the nachos as to not saturate them.Be warned, this place is hard to find if you are not familiar with Charlotte, ask for detailed directions when placing your order. Also this is pretty much pick up and delivery only.If I lived closer I would probably eat here more often, but it's good I don't, I seem to spend about $15 here on a meal.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,10/18/2011,76,167,2,5,2>I had an absolutely amazing birthday dinner here.  I had never visited before but I will be sure to be back!  Here is my breakdown...The service was great.  We were immediately greeted when we walked in and brought to a table.  Our server was attentive and the food orders all came out correctly.  We also had some great champagne and wine.  Honestly, what really makes this restaurant have the "wow factor" is the food.  It was so delicious.  The scallops we ordered were tender and flavorful.  The mussels had a unique but awesome taste - definitely keep extra bread on hand for dipping in the leftover sauce.  Even my birthday cake slice was fantastic!I wish the restaurant was a tad bigger but it has a cozy feel.  However, on the weekends when it gets busy, there isn't much room to wait for a table.   Even so, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  I'm impressed with Good Food on Montford!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,10/17/2011,6,76,4,2,4>I took Ban Ki-Moon here last week - you know, the South Korean guy who leads the UN (we're hellatight).  We both had the Banh Moon sandwich and agreed that it was the tastiest creation we've ever tasted.  Then he mumbled something about getting back to NYC to slap some sense into Chavez and Ahminedejad.  This cart keeps me out of the hospital because normally I have to eat at Showmars and McDonalds for lunch and those are really healthy places to eat.  HMG is a great alternative.  Great people, great food.  I wish there was an HMG cart on every corner of every street in Charlotte.  I told my friend Ban Ki-Moon that this would solve more problems than the UN ever could.  And then he slapped me too.  Next time I'm bringing Kim Il-Jung.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,10/16/2011,7,41,3,4,4>Absolutely one of my favorite places in Charlotte. It's a fantastic neighborhood restaurant worth driving across town for. It's small and homey with Fran herself checking up on her guests and refilling drinks.The menu is full of tasty options. The bacon-wrapped tater tots are as good as their name would suggest, the fried chicken sandwiches are some of the best I've ever had, and the bowl of meatballs--yes, a bowl of meatballs--are amazing. But the real stars here are the specials. Each night has a theme and an appropriate dish, as well as whatever Fran decides to send out.Definitely a place worth checking out and a true Charlotte gem.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,10/15/2011,53,155,12,5,3>I have debated writing this review.Do I keep it a secret or do I tell the yelp world about it?I'm feeling friendly today. I am going to let you in on a secret- Blue Bar is the best bar in Charlotte. It is incredible.We went there recently with some friends. On a Wednesday night. The door was locked. Caution tape on the ground. Broken beer bottles. Awesome.I have a thing where I enjoy checking out the sketchy bars- it is common for them to lock the door (totally again the law). We knocked and waited. They finally answered and politely allowed us to come inside (even though we are not members)It is BLUE. I don't know why this surprised me. I wasn't expecting them to be so literal.The owner, most of the staff and all of the patrons are Vietnamese. There was no music playing when we first arrived (we were the only ppl in there at the time). They informed us that the only way to listen to music is to sing karaoke. WHAT???!?!! That is so awesome. Every night is karaoke night!My husband sang at least 5 songs. The chairs are SO COMFORTABLE. Possibly the best chairs that I have ever sat on.Eventually, people started pouring in. They started singing songs in Vietnamese (no one was standing up while singing). It was really awesome. We felt very welcomed.Some people received food. They do not have a menu or a kitchen. I hoping to develop a good rapport and eventually try this food.It was one of the best nights that I have ever had in Charlotte.  I plan on going back for some more karaoke nights. (PS- they told us this crazy story about being robbed the night before. The guy stole a bunch of booze and the cops found him passed out by the dumpster- that explained that caution tape and broken glass)
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,10/14/2011,33,176,3,5,3>I Like not LOVE!!!I came in last week and I will say this place is sooo much bigger and shinier!! They sat us right away and we entered the second dining room with the garage doors! Very cool, and yet a little too cold inside maybe the heat wasn't working all that well but still I can see the appeal to sitting here on a nice day/night out!! We started with the Waffle fries with Pimento- Soo Good!! The fries were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of cheese on top!! I then moved on and had the Pterodactyl Burger with Cheese and Bacon- Meh it was good but the one at the Penquin was better (could've been the grease from all the years)!! I also had the Hotdog with just Sauerkraut-Good!  My Man Friend had the Buffalo Shrimp Tacos- Also Good! The service was just like it was at the Penguin and Im glad! It wasn't like some restaurants you go to and your server really hasn't a clue as to whats going on, so I was happy that everyone felt at ease with this new place just as much as I did. I will be back soon and look forward to trying other things on the menu!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,10/13/2011,47,112,4,6,3>So if someone blind folded you and dropped you off at the Yellow Rose...   You would swear that you were in Shelby, NC on the set of East Bound and Down waiting for Kenny Powers to walk in!  I love this place!  It reminds me of a bar I would see back in my hometown or something you would find out in the middle of South Carolina somewhere, not in the middle of Charlotte.  Pretty much ditto on everything that Tiffany says about this place in her review.  The little bit of food that I've had there has been really good and the waitresses and staff are very friendly.  Seems like everytime I've ever been there they are singing karaoke and they have lots of pool tables that are always taken.I have to give this place an easy 4-stars on character alone.  And the drink/beer prices are dirt cheap.  Oh yeah, and there is always free popcorn, and it's good!  A great place to people watch as well!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,10/12/2011,67,165,2,6,4>Cowfish is one of those rare restaurants that is able to take two random food groups (burgers and sushi) and meld them in such a way that once you've been, you can't seem to remember why you thought it was so random in the first place. I'll base my review on the two times I've dined there - once for lunch and once for dinner. Here's the scoop:Be sure to get a reservation. This place is constantly slammin' and each time I went there was a long wait (an hour for lunch and 2.5 hours for dinner). Good thing we thought to call ahead or I would not have had the chance to indulge....The decor is interesting. Everything from the red walls to the cartoon art to the voiceover in the bathroom translating sayings...all eye catching and very entertaining.Parking is not a problem. You may have to head over to the parking deck, but it's not too far of a walk.Service is great. Our server was very informative, attentive, and friendly both times we dined. The manager came over when we went to lunch, and since it was my boyfriend's first time, gave us a coupon for a free appetizer for our next visit. That's a great way to keep people coming back.The food is phenomenal (and good luck narrowing it down with that crazy large menu). In terms of appetizers, I've had the crab rangoon dip and the coconut onion rings - both of which I'd have again. But if you're only going for one, get the dip - not low fat by any stretch, but totally worth it. I've had the tropical storm roll and the mango tango roll as entrees - both of which were some of the best sushi I've had - but ask them to slice into 10 pieces instead of 8 - when sliced into 8, the pieces are just way too big. My boyfriend had a burger and has been talking about going back ever since. We also got a chocolate and a mint chocolate milk shake to go and they were so thick that we had to wait a bit for the ice cream to melt to really enjoy them (as all milkshakes should be, in my humble opinion). The drink menu is also very extensive and I can't wait to go back to try some of their martinis. And all prices are reasonable for the location and sheer amount of food you are given.Ultimately, you're missing out if you don't try Cowfish. Just make sure to call early for a reservation (I know, I know - I said that before, but I don't see the wait times dwindling any time in the near future).
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,10/11/2011,32,84,,6,3>Despite it's non-quaint location (next to a Panda Express off of Tryon Street in the University area!!!), this place is a must-visit.  It's the real deal, and reminds me a ton of the Italian pastry shops I ADORED when I lived in Connecticut (Luciabello's and Libby's).  Based on everything I sampled during my visit, I can tell that Nona's places great emphasis on freshness. The cupcakes are all made to order.  I sampled a strawberry/strawberry combo, and the cake was light and fluffy as was the ever-important icing--not that nasty whipped cream icing you get on grocery store cakes but like an air-whipped buttercream.  Very good. I also tried a Napoleon, which had cake rather than wafers for the layers.  It could have been a soggy disaster, but, instead, it was heavenly; the pastry cream inside should probably be patented because it is some of the best I've ever had.  Having read good reviews about them, I also gave a few cookies a try. While good, I didn't find them to be at same level of the cupcake/napoleon. While the Pignoli cookie (almond-flavored with pinenuts) was delicious, the coconut macaroon and lemon cookie were less impressive.  I was disappointed that they didn't have the sfogliatelle there the morning I visited since I had read so much about it--for another day!Although the sweets were quite good, the prices were not.  I found Nona's to be too expensive, in general. The non-noteworthy small cup of coffee I had was $2.50 (crazy) and each tiny cookie was $.60. If the store were in some beautiful locale, I could maybe understand the mark-up, but not next to a gross Chinese fastfood joint in a stripmall on ugly Tryon Street.  So, because of the price, I am only giving Nona's 4 stars.  That said, while I was there, the very sweet ladies who work there were helping another customer purchase a birthday cake that would work within her budget. I thought it was pretty cool of them to obviously go out of their way to make sure that everyone can find a way to have some deliciousness at their parties.  So, all in all, I think this place is pretty swell.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,10/10/2011,103,276,,4,3>After a shiner beer dinner trip, a few hours at the bar trip, and a few just dinner trips - it's definitely a fully rounded review, but I'm pretty sure it would have sounded the same a few months back.The food, is delish. The paco's taco (brisket) is just divine, as are both of the shrimp tacos. i think the campechana is awesome - and my mother (a ceviche expert) agreed. They have awesome food specials at the bar, and they have frito pie. (though I have yet to try it, the fact that it is on the menu makes me happy) Even their free chips and (both) salsas don't disappoint. They aren't perfect, and some items I've liked much more than others, but nothing has been "bad".Now to the important part - the booze. a lovely selection of shiner (two or three on tap and then a few bottled) and a (slowly) rotating selection of infused tequilas complete their full bar and tons of tequila. I'm a fan of the three-pepper infused one which tastes fab alone, in a bloody maria, or in their firestarter (or something to the same tune) margarita. oh, their margaritas - I've had a couple different ones and I like all of them, especially the one that's on special that night. What keeps this from being 5 stars is the service, and maybe a little of the ambiance. The amount of fajita plates ordered is ridiculous, and kind of makes me feel like I'm at Chili's. Not really their fault, I guess, but the constant sizzling and smoking can be distracting. The bartenders have always been great and friendly, but sometimes service has been a miss. In my book, there is a window for great service, but asking if I'm doing okay too many times in a certain time frame can be just as bad as never coming back to check in. I guess at Paco's I'm usually over-served(?), and more than once by a server who reaaaally shouldn't have chugged that second red bull right before her shift started. But hey, my water glass was continually filled to the rim, my drinks kept coming, and seconds after my food hit the window it was at the table - so I can't complain too much.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,10/9/2011,38,184,3,4,4>Heroes is the best comic store my hubby and I have ever visited. They have a huge stock of comics, the decor is super cool, and there are no staff nicer than at Heroes. Phil usually works Saturday mornings, and we love chatting with him - he's just the nicest guy. Both regulars and new customers are welcome here.There are comfortable benches along the windows, and they always play awesome music. What a great place!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,10/8/2011,0,38,2,6,3>I ate for the first time today at Wan Fu.  All the while, I tried to convince myself that there had to be at least one caveat to this place, but I daresay that my lunch experience here was perfect.The building is absolutely gorgeous on the outside and inside the restaurant as well!  The architecture appears to be uniquely Chinese and is meticulously detailed.  Inside is a dimly lit, very clean dining area with many tables and rooms.The food was phenomenal and the servings, enormous.  I ordered shrimp lo mein with a vegetable spring roll.  The spring rolls were tasty and fresh, but my lo mein entrée was out of this world.  The shrimp were succulent, tender and perfectly spiced and the vegetables were fresh and crisp.  This was the best lo mein I've had in recent memory.  My lunch was reasonable, totaling about $10.The service was excellent; everyone there was personable.  Our waitress was very kind and attentive.  Overall, just a wonderful experience.I have not one bad thing to say for Wan Fu.  I will be returning here to try other dishes on their lengthy menu.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,10/7/2011,92,226,2,2,2>Wow, these reviews are tough. I have had several cakes from Tizzerts (I had a wedding cake back in 2001 and several event cakes since). I agree their decorations aren't the best nor have they kept up with the times with the funky designs or fondant creations. But their buttercream is definitely the best in town. It melts in your mouth and most importantly it's not too sweet. I wish I could get the recipe!They have some cakes that are average, but their lemon raspberry cake is definitely the best and so moist. I have not had a cake in town compare to the moistness with the great frosting. You just need to provide a little creative direction, which ain't no thang.Their cupcakes don't have the full on moistness that their cake does.  Did I mention that the "anniversary tier" was just as good a year later?  Definitely worth considering for an event. They didn't win best Cupcake in Charlotte from Charlotte Mag for nothing.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,10/6/2011,4,63,3,6,3>love the space, the people that work there are very nice and super knowledgeable. they have an amazing wine selection. plus some mind blowing chocolates. i stopped by saturday night had tried the daily flight, it was amazing, 3 great pinot's for nothing...very reasonable...i tried a couple chocolate as well (earl gray and chai). i def plan to frequent philippe. great spot!!
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2011,10/5/2011,103,218,3,17,5>Any review of our CRFM is really a tale of two different markets when it comes to talking produce.  One for the commercial sellers shipping it all in, and another for the local producers whose offerings vary with the seasons and the blessings of the weather.  And if you're looking for plants to put into your garden, well that's a separate experience too.  Not that this is a bad thing, but wouldn't it be more interesting if these guys were not divided into different covered shelters?Really, prime time is Saturday.  Unless massive crowds and depletion (if not exhaustion) of the most prized wares are your thing, I'd plan to get there before 10 AM- this is especially true in the summer.  Parking is ample, but do come prepared to do a little walking as shelters are a bit separated.  Also know that the largest vendors are typically shipping in their produce.  No, Virginia, you cannot buy a local watermelon or cantaloupe in the middle of March- they likely came up from Florida.  You can, though, get them at prices your local supermarket cannot touch.  I save at least $20 a week by buying my veggies and fruits here.  If in doubt, just ask: local vendors will happily tell you where they grow and what they having coming into season next.  But there is much more here than just produce and locally raised meats.  Nova's bakery has a booth here, along with about a dozen other local bakers.  I also love the local goat cheese makers.  If fresh cut flowers are you thing, there's a sizable number of folks assembling bouquets at a number of different price points.  In spring and summer, the greenery shed is a must stop if you grow anything of your own.  Forget about the Home Depots and Lowes, you can buy huge varieties of heirloom veggies and herbs to fill your garden at prices lower than any commercial store front will offer.  The same goes for shrubs, flowering plants, and even a guy putting together green moss displays.  This shed thins out in later summer and is vacant in the winter, so get it while you can.I only wish our market was more conducive to sitting for a while and soaking it all in (or chowing down on your fried apple pie).  There is virtually no seating here and absolutely no table tops on which to enjoy the wares being sold.  This pretty much forces you to get in and get out.  Still, for local and seasonal fresh food, there is no bigger one stop shop in town.  Bring an insulated bag at at least one tote as you'll likely find something new and interesting to take home and try.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,10/4/2011,25,55,3,4,3>You'll feel like a kid in a candy store in this fun and trendy boutique in Dilworth.  When you first walk in the store there is a gorgeous display of sparkling jewelry waiting for you on one side, and on the other all the upscale designer clothes you came for.  It's hard to make your way past the BCBG dresses and hundreds of jeans on display to find the sales items, but if you can get there first it's worth it.  When I was there today, the already marked down items were an additional 30% off--such happiness!  I found three great tops and was very happy with what I saved.  The second level is Step by Sloan...be still my heart!  The huge selection of designers, styles and sizes is overwhelming and oh so fun!  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,10/3/2011,34,63,2,5,3>Jose R. had it right:  the BEST NY-style pizza in the Charlotte area, and, dare I say it, the best outside of NYC!  Yeah, I dare say!Not knowing what to expect, I ordered a couple slices and a drink.  Totaled less than $8.  It took them all of 4 minutes to call me up to get these things.  And I say "things" cuz the slices are about the size of babies!  Man alive!  I started regretting ordering that second slice until I tried the first slice.  It was love at first bite!  The crust is perfect, not doughy or inflated, but not cardboard either.  the amount of sauce must have been calculated by some of NASA's finest b/c it was right on the money.  It's tangy, sweet, and flavored oh-so-well!  The ingredients used on each slice is fresh, to include the delicious cheese blend they use.  On the tables, they have a Italian herb blend shaker, Parmesan, crushed red pepper flakes, salt/pepper, and yes, even garlic powder!  It was rough taking down the second slice...but with so much flavor begging to be devoured, I had to man-up and conquer the beast!  I recommend getting each slice individually, as the service is quick enough, and by the time you finish the first, the second is getting close to the "too cold" mark. Noosh!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,10/2/2011,81,304,2,4,3>I don't buy a lot of "stuff".  My home is somewhat austere, we've got obligatory photos and framed art on the walls but we don't have much cute "stuff".  But if you know people who do like "stuff" to go on their coffee tables or sconces or credenzas or whatever, stop here.  Lots of coffee table books, candles, items of pure decorative or amusement value.  On the practical side, they sell many greeting cards with unique personalities, for when a generic Hallmarky message won't kick it for your oddball friends or dad with a strange sense of humor.  They also sell lovely thank you notes and blank cards that look pretty.  Of course, as small quirky gift shops go this one is pricewise quite standard - that is to say, a bit pricey.  OH OH!  Don't even bother parking in that health-hazardous lot in front of the building.  There is a lot in the back that is a) a bit more spacious b) not leading into a constant and frustrating flow of traffic that is East boulevard.  Yes, there is a dumpster there but its worth it to me not to have to pull an Austin Powers parking job and wait 10 minutes for a break in the traffic flow.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,10/1/2011,143,211,4,5,3>Good food, decent prices and great service. We went to Cafe Monte with a couple friends on a Tuesday night. They were having there special food and wine pairing that I guess they have once a month. Unfortunately, you do have to reserve a seat for the evening so we were not allowed to participate. I am not sure if it is worth the $55 they charge for it or not. We started off with their cheese and aged meat appetizer ($16) which was delicious. Our food came a little to quickly as we were not even finished with the appetizer when the food arrived. My wife had their special. It was four seared scallops over a real meaty lobster risotto ($26). Her meal was absolutely phenomenal. My friends had the basil pasta with chicken and the crab and lobster crepe ($22). There honestly was not anything overly special with the pasta but it was good. I believe it is the cheapest thing on the menu for $16. The crepe was not visually appealing at all but made up with it with the taste. It had a good portion of crab that made it really good. I had the duck confit with fingerling potatoes and brocollini ($24). The dish was sub par. Duck should be crispy on the outside skin and moist inside. however it was the opposite. The skin was not crisp and the inside was dry. I tried to compensate the dryness with the sauce but it just didnt work well. The server was fantastic and asked what I wanted instead. I had the steak with frittes. It came with a NY cut steak and frittes. She did not charge me for the steak so I do not know the price. Although it was good it was nothing special and I would probably not order it again there. We did not have dessert but you can actually see all there desserts as they have a little pastry counter. Their tiramisu looks really good. Ultimately, not all the food was stellar but I would go back and have that scallops with lobster risotto anytime.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,9/30/2011,87,79,3,7,2>I'm going to K.I.S.S. (keep it short & simple) and just say this place is a haven for those who yearn for and appreciate a true neighborhood coffee shop that knows what it's doing. They serve quality products: Counter Culture Coffee, Taza organic stone ground chocolate, Rishi Tea, and as of last week, pastries made in town. The baristas - James & Brad - are amiable and knowledgeable without coming off as pretentious coffee czars as is the case with some Charlotte shops that will remain nameless. It's one of those wonderful gems you want to keep to yourself but also show off to everyone on your friends list (^^)
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,9/29/2011,187,1664,4,12,5>So Casandra beat me to the actual review, even though I beat her to the tour (we did the 7pm, she apparently did the 8:30) - I've been slacking on writing this week, give me a break!Anyway, since we had checked out Vida for an early dinner on Saturday, we figured the 7pm tour would fit in well with our plans, and it worked out just right.  After a stroll around uptown, we ended up in front of the Hearst Tower just as Dan and Bridgette came up.  Dan was decked out in - seemingly authentic - period garb, while Bridgette was there more for PR.  Both were very friendly, and happy to fill the group in on themselves and their offerings (they also do tours in other cities, but this is their first in Charlotte).There is at least one other company offering walking tours in Charlotte, as we saw the sandwich board at Trade & Tryon, but we didn't actually see them walking, and Dan seemed surprised, as he wasn't aware of there being another group.  I haven't been on their tour, so I can't say much about them.The tour itself was good - Dan is a solid storyteller and seems to know his stuff, though he does slip in and out of his character.  That's not a bad thing, it's just something to be aware of, if you are worried about it.Probably the more important tidbit is that Charlotte isn't terribly ghostly.  For one, there are a bunch of lights, a decent amount of people (I am not making this up, we even saw a guy on a Segway) and a ton of buses.  It just doesn't make for a creepy feeling on the tour when a gigantic city bus rolls by, you know?  Another reason we didn't really worry about taking the later tour, when it was darker.  More than once we had inebriated bar patrons telling us how there were no ghosts in Charlotte.There was, however, a good amount of history on the tour, so it's worth taking for that reason - so put the stress on the "history" portion of the title and you'll be less disappointed.  The "haunts", not so much.  If you want that, you're probably better off in Charleston, New Orleans or Savannah.  Still, it's a decent attraction, especially if you can get it at a discounted rate.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,9/28/2011,9,70,2,4,4>Went for lunch this afternoon. As many awesome yelp reviews this place has gotten I'm really surprised it wasn't packed for lunch. We were literally the only people in the restaurant. First impressions...Three Amigos is located in a small strip mall on Cental past the new McDonlads coming from uptown but before you get to the Eastway. When we walked in the waitress seated us immediately and took our drink orders and brought us chips and salsa. The restaurant decor is pretty cute a lot of colorful paintings. Food:I ordered the chicken chimichanga and it was exactly as I pictured it. Perfect. It might just be a "me" thing but I really do prefer shredded chicken in my Mexican food compared to chunks. The chimichanga had just that. It was hot, fresh, crispy and delicious. Most of the lunch specials come with rice and beans like most Mexican restaurants. Service: VERY FRIENDLY!!!Oh....and I had to do a double take at the price! Really only $5.95??? Umm... I think I should get out of uptown more often and drive down to Three Amigos!One word: Authentic!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,9/27/2011,75,80,6,4,5>I hated EB's the first time I went there.  Why?  I don't know. Maybe I was just in a bad mood that day?  Maybe it was before every person I know started frequenting it.  I can't imagine not loving it now.  The moment I step up to the bar and catch Warren's attention, he has a PBR out for me.  Love that!  I'm no pool shark, and my darts tend to go rogue, but I'm not against watching my more skillful friends play (and heckling is fun as well.)  At times I miss that you can smoke inside, but the patio has grown on me, especially for the (sometimes blurry) view of Uptown.  It's definitely a go-to place for me, where I always feel at home and always know at least a few people...and sometimes everyone!  Definitely make it a stop in your plaza-midwood bar wanderin's.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,9/26/2011,41,41,3,4,3>Gosh, well if this isn't the cutest place on south blvd let me know otherwise. I came across Luna's living kitchen while touring the farmers market next door. I didn't have time to stop in but i new it'd be back. To get ready for luna's a friend and i planned on doing a 30 vegetarian meal plan. We wanted to enjoy and take pleasure in having an artisticly put together meal.When we arrived with our vege loving tummys we were astounded by the menu. So many delicious things to choose from; from smoothies and homemade milks to lasagna! My friend an i split the lasagna(i forgot the cute name) and it was the prettiest thing i ever did shove in my mouth! We could smell the aromas of tomato and herbs before we even took a bite! The cashew cheese stuff was absolutely brilliant!!  Perfectly flavored and seasoned plus they make it from scratch right in front of you while u wait. Im soooo comming back
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,9/25/2011,53,97,3,8,7>In short: Get the Salmon BLT. While I've been here multiple times since it opened, I've been holding off reviewing, mostly because of the politics. I didn't want my review to be just another FIGHT THE MAN, SUPPORT LOCAL BURGERS kind of thing (even though I do believe that.) I really did want to keep it about the food, so I waited til I had an experience that blew me out of the water before I spoke up. That happened last night. First of all, I love how you can barrel up to the bar and instantly strike up a conversation with strangers. I was filled in on the woman to my left's bad date before my Shock Top even hit the bar, while the man on our right offered to buy us both dinner (on someone else's credit card.) I wavered back and forth on a few options, but I made a decision awhile ago that I wanted to try all the new things on the menu before I started repeating, so new things it was. Guys. Salmon BLT. Giant piece of salmon, covered in some type of magical sweet spicy tangy mayo sauce that drips down your hands, on top of the normal BLT and also baby spinach. (Wait, was there even lettuce on it? I don't remember, it doesn't matter.) It comes with fries and slaw but it doesn't need to- it's a giant. It elicited a "Whoa!" and an "Excuse me while I stare at your food" from my new friends on either side of me. All in all, a fantastic experience- excellent food, good conversation with fellow customers and staff, and I kind of want to order a bucket of that sauce to eat with a spoon.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,9/24/2011,175,289,3,9,4>Stopped in for a quick takeout lunch today and was very impressed. The menu offers, typical Chinese options, plus sushi, curry and some Thai! The lunch specials are very affordable for the portion!I went with beef broccoli, which came with choice of soup and rice...all for $6! The container was even high class and not your typical Chinese containers. I also got the veggie egg roll app for $3 which came with two rolls. I'll be a regular in no time!
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,9/23/2011,71,209,9,9,7>Mattie's Diner is the perfect little, and i do mean little, slice of home for me. This might be because the diner itself is originally from the great Garden State, or because Mattie, who is, as far as I can tell, always behind the counter, grew up in the same town as my dad. I suspect though, that it has more to do with the authentic greasy, delicious, all over the map food that they serve up.After the Yelp Elite event my interest was definitely piqued but what really cemented Mattie's in as a staple in my Charlotte dining repertoire was the brunch we grabbed there the following saturday. I had been craving a Taylor ham (it's like pork roll, but accept no substitutes!), egg & cheese sandwich (with S/P/Ketchup, natch) since May when I moved out of Jersey. Not only does Mattie's make it but they were obliging enough to swap out the roll they normally serve it on for a bagel (as God intended it). I cried little NJ tears as I ate.It is also worth noting that they make their own hot sauce and that while their homefries are very tasty indeed on their own, they are significantly better when dipped in housemade hot sauce.The only thing that didnt remind me of home at Mattie's was the staff, because as far as i can tell none of them were currently on drugs, unneccisarily rude or wanted free therapy from their patrons.  Everyone was absolutely charming from the moment we walked through the door to the moment we folded up our finished crossword and left...with a takeout menu in hand and the address favorited in my GPS.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,9/22/2011,216,466,6,8,3>What a great date spot! So romantic....I could see the Match.com love in the air.....  I have been here over the years several times (no not for Match!), and again last night due to a citipass bogo coupon. It is much better than I remembered!  My friend and I shared the chicken and andouille sausage soup which was DIVINE ($4). I had the chicken marsala and my friend had the seafood risotto. The marsala was probably enough for two people - it was a huge plate of fettuccine with two grilled chicken breasts and a ton of mushrooms. Thank god they are smart enough to do fresh (not canned) mushrooms. So perfect. The seafood risotto was very good- it came with 6 mussels plopped on top which were lightly seasoned. My friend said some of the scallops in the risotto were a tiny bit tough but overall it was excellent. Entrees were about 13 bucks a piece, very worth the price! I will definitely be back!!! :-D
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,9/21/2011,174,84,3,8,4>No better place to listen to live music in Charlotte than the DDI...a historic and very intimate venue recognized as the "Oldest Live Music Venue East of the Mississippi" and holds the title "Oldest Blues Club In The U.S. Under Original Ownership".  Legendary performers like Eric Clapton, Stevie Ray Vaughn, Buddy Guy, Junior Brown, and  many others have graced their stage.  Amazing local talent too pretty much any night of the week.  Diverse and casual crowd.  And now that the place is completely smoke free, you won't leave smelling like an ashtray!!!  The Double Door Inn is definitely a hidden treasure in Charlotte.  Get out and support live music and the venues like this that offer it to you!!  You'll defnitely get your money's worth!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,9/20/2011,66,60,2,5,3>Sinatra in the background. Rich, dark colors. Low lights. Supple leather furniture. Exquisit bar. Attentive staff. The waft of smooth smoke.Not what I expected when a few friends suggest I meet them at Cutters. I had no idea what it was - it sounded like a really sad emo club. Pleasantly surprised was I! If you have been looking for that classy place to relax, have a drink and perhaps a cigar and a nice chat with friends on furniture that looks like it was taken from Bogart's conservatory, this is the place. The hours are very accomodating to the atmosphere - hours seem to fly by in that place, and before we all knew it, it was 1 am.As some other people previously mentioned, this place does have a very limited selection; a few cohibas, some Monte Cristos, and your usual Romeo et Julietas, but that's about it. Also, the mark up is pretty ridiculous, about 2x-3x times what you'd pay in a cigar store or more if you're used to a J.R. They do, however, have a very good wine/bourbon/whisky/scotch selection. I was very happy with their port selection, and I highly recommend the tawny with the Monte Cristo White. Will be back, though I'll probably just foot the fee and bring my own selection.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,9/19/2011,93,189,4,5,3>Smelly Cat smells quite delicious-wifts of freshly roasted coffee.  Another flattering review of Smelly Cat seems redundant, but here's my observations about this place-High "perk" factor of baristas-I can't even pull off that level of perkiness with liberal doses of caffeine-Variety of bevies- Chai lattes, a different flavor of iced tea daily on special, several roast of coffee to choose from.  They keep iced coffee (don't know if its cold press) but it does the trick.  -Dilworth coffee used in coffee beverage-It's "dil-worthy" of praise, wha wha whaaa!-Smallish-Though I wouldn't likely loiter here for hours, I would certainly visit Smelly Cat on a lunch break or before a big day in NoDa (or night, if you know what I mean).The overall experience is great.  I like light or medium roast coffee and I find it to be a tad bitter here.  It's really good, but it's not as smooth as I've had in other coffeehouses.  Overall, Smelly Cat makes NoDa what it is.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,9/18/2011,104,419,2,3,2>Love me some Cabo!  There are a ton of tacos to choose from and every one I've ever had has been delish. Generally my wife and I get two different ones and share. Today's visit brought us beer battered Tilapia and BBQ Mahi. Most of the tacos come with minced cabbage, tomato, guacamole, cheese, and some yummy, creamy sauce drizzled on. They start you with some corn, tomato and pepper salsa and chips which is not too spicy but is always fresh tasting. Today we augmented with some queso that was hot, cheesy and tasty with a peppery finish.The atmosphere is funky like most NoDa places and we've always found the service to be fast and friendly. No pretentious hipster vibe here as everyone seems to be deemed cool enough to be treated well by the staff. Always a mix of clientele from the tattooed and pierced to the khaki'd and buttoned down. Nice beer specials too and it was all I could do to lay off the $2 drafts before heading back to cubeville this afternoon!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,9/17/2011,49,306,3,6,5>If Taxi Driver were set in Charlotte, I guess Travis Bickle would have asked Betsy to the Landmark for pie and coffee.Once you're inside the Landmark, you could be in Queens or Chicago.  It's a timeless, placeless type of restaurant.  that's kind of the beauty of it.The desserts steal the show from the moment you walk in.  All those giant cream pies and cakes, baklava, hamentashen, etc.  I got some banana cream pie and loved it.  It was so rich, however, that I had to abandon the last few bites.The non-dessert offerings are nearly endless.  You can get breakfast any time, as well.And the icing on the cake, so to speak, is that they're open way late, a feature that other places in the Queen City are finally waking up to.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,9/16/2011,69,121,2,3,3>Sort of like Betty, I was headed to Jason's Deli on my lunch break for a sandwich and came across the sign for K.O. Sushi.  I have passed this sign many a time and always make a mental note to try it out sometime, but usually have some reason why I can't stop.  Today, I decided was going to be the day to venture into the unknown and try their sushi!I ordered the salmon maki, tekka maki, and spicy vegetable roll for take out (As others have mentioned, really - don't plan to sit and eat.  There's no room).  I am finishing these off at my desk as I type - couldn't wait to sing their praises!  Each single roll was priced in the $3-4 range, but the bento boxes and specialty rolls were a little more.  The wait was about 10 minutes.  Not bad, especially once I tasted how fresh everything was!  As I was enjoying my lunch, my boss walked by my desk and asked where I went... he wound up walking there to pick up lunch too!  Very pleased, will definitely go back the next time I need a lunch-time sushi fix!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,9/15/2011,25,251,1,9,9>This Teeter is known as the Taj-Ma-Teeter for its enormous size. It's also immaculate. For a reformed Extreme Couponer, I can tell you, this is the ONLY grocery store where you can get some killer deals and such a wide selection. But first. Let's get one thing straight.  Harris Teeter isn't cheap.  Regular prices are indeed much higher than, lets say Target or Super Wal-Mart.  (Bleh. WM.) But when you shop their super sales and combine coupons, you can save a TON. The buy 2 get 3 deals are pretty generous too.  (Honestly, all those Crasins for about $1.30 each?!)HT is the only chain in the Charlotte area offering max 99 cent double coupons everyday.  Periodically, there will be super doubles, when you can double up to $1.99 coupons.  Then, about once a year, if not less frequently, TRIPLES.  During these times, yes, sometimes shelves will be cleared out by crazed couponers-- but no fear.  You can get a raincheck at customer service and the HT rainies don't have an expiration date. There's an extensive deli section, and a nice bakery offering free cookies and bread/spread samples.  There is a lady working in the cheese section who makes some killer pimento upon request. The $5 meal deals are a great value-- though I'm a bit weary of the Asian-inspired hot bar.  Some menu items are overly greasy...but I'm not complaining when there's a solid salad bar with lots of toppings right next to it. This Teeter is especially good on the customer service.  No matter if you're a big burly football player, or little old lady with a walker, chances are someone will offer you curbside loading.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,9/14/2011,12,108,2,9,2>Ok, I must admit I have driven by this place a million times and had decided I was never going there based on the fact there were no windows and it sorta looked like a strip joint from the outside....My husband who has is iphone glued to his hand at all time loves looking up reviews of things before we go someplace and suggested we try this.  I was skeptical.  We pulled in and went in the back which is the main entrance.  It's dark, not very fancy, and there's Sinatra music blaring. We were seated and given a basket of crackers to spread with delicious cheese spread.  Then we were given a lettuce salad and a tray of veggies to sort of "make your own" salad.  I ordered steak tips with mushrooms and peppers and had rice pilaf as my side.  My husband had the sirloin with a sweet potato.  Both were amazingly good!  The steak was cooked perfect and had been basted in garlic butter (no calories!)  For our whole dinner it was only like $17 per person including the salad, oh and they have this amazing garlic toast!  You must have some if you go.I was definitely not psyched about going but the experience and the food will have me coming back again!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,9/13/2011,112,425,4,5,4>This guy is a riot. He swoops into Uptown only a few days per week, but his little cart is jammed the whole time. Most of his products are homemade, home marinated, or home smoked, and definitely worth the effort. He has the awards to prove it. Ask him about any of the meats and he'll tell you the painstaking process that he went through to prepare it. But don't ask if you don't have time - each answer comes with a heaping side of Charlotte lore and Southern storytelling.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,9/12/2011,146,260,7,7,9>I love this place! Coming here on a Thursday night it was packed with cute guys and girls dancing and enjoying themselves all around!Thursday night is free well drinks night after you pay a $10 cover, and so the first thing I did when I arrived with my friends was get my drink on! They make them quite strong and their well quality isn't too bad as I only had a mild hangover the next day. I've heard Saturdays are good for getting your groove on as well! The whole place is a giant dance floor, some people armed with glowsticks jamming to the funky techno music others shirtless and dancing their hearts out! They are also super friendly here, and a lot of people just eased on up and danced with me and sometimes my friends! It's just a blast all around. The bartenders are super hot and actually get your drinks done quite promptly so kudos to them for that! Especially the hottie in the tank top that winked and smiled at me when I asked for 3 rum and sprites. If you're reading this mr hot bartender holler at me! ;)This place is pretty awesome, if you haven't been you should go at least once. They have pretty funky decor with chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, a fog machine, and lights going every which way. The music is just my type, mainly techno with some remixes of top 40 thrown in. I wish I had discovered this place earlier, one of the best dance spots in the QC as far as I'm concerned.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,9/11/2011,217,84,2,8,3>Mike was handing out breakfast only Beagle Bucks Friday night when I stopped in for a beer.  So this morning, I took advantage of their opening at 7am on Saturdays and Sundays for breakfast and enjoyed a nice hearty meal.I had the Basic Beagle Breakfast.  Two eggs any style (scrambled), bacon or sausage (3 strips of tasty perfectly cooked bacon), breakfast potatoes or grits (potatoes since i am still unwilling to let go of my Yankee-ness to eat grits), and biscuits or toast (two great biscuits), all with a little fruit cup.They have breakfast wraps and tweaks to your standard breakfast fare.  Next time, I will venture for the Shit on a Shingle.  Up north, that is creamed chipped beef on toast.  There, it is more like your sausage biscuits and gravy only on texas toast.All of it is reasonably priced and a great breakfast option in the hood that is open early.  Just sucks waiting until noon to wash it down with a mimosa or bloody mary...
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,9/10/2011,208,546,2,3,3>Solid 3.5 not the absolute best but certainly not close to the worst -Went to Akahana for lunch today and really enjoyed the sushi. Split 4 rolls for about $28  thanks to BOGO (I wrote BYOB...I guess my mind is somewhere else) - very decently priced...and I don't know what other reviewers were talking about because I felt the size was quite large.In order from best to worst (in my opinion)1) Butterfly Roll2) Mt. Fuji3) Tie Deep Sea/ Caribbean (probably would get something else next time instead)  I (like the others) didn't understand why the veggie rolls weren't included in the BOGO- usually these items are less expensive to begin with. However since I do enjoy seafood, I look forward to trying it again
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,9/9/2011,155,972,2,5,4>What a fun wine shop! It's located across from the Atherton Market, tucked a bit behind the pizza place. Great interior and the owner kept the old weight and heavy sliding doors to add to the decor. Friendly owner and he made us feel welcome.There is a nice selection of wines. Each section is labeled and designates ideal wines for the type of dish you'll be serving. If you'd like to do a tasting, there is a small set up in the back or plush seating throughout. Lovely new addition to South End! We will return!
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,9/8/2011,40,151,5,5,2>CORAL is a seriously cool boutique. By contrast to its traditional location in an old Dilworth house, CORAL's lines are modern with the right amount of edge. You won't find any of their current lines (such as Vena Cava, Thread Social, Sass & Bide, 291 Venice) anywhere in Charlotte. In fact, you probably won't recognize most of the other up-and-coming brands they carry. I sure hope they keep it that way! Prices range: $200-$500
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,9/7/2011,47,96,1,6,4>i'm new to the area (by only a month), and in the worst week of my life my van's power sliding door decided to have a mind of its own. it opened randomly (thankfully while stationary) and would not close. so for 2 weeks, we had to move our daughter's car seat to the other side and climb over her if we needed to get to the back seat or move the seat over again. annoying!i did some research online and saw that toyota service repair was useless, as usual, so i opted to try my luck with yelp's network of reviews. i feared taking it in seeing that a lot of people were complaining about $1500+ service repairs for the door. but...i thought i would test my faith on yelp. i happened upon select import auto service, and i brought my van in today. boy howdy! they are the cat's pajamas when it comes to great service!i had them look at the door, change the oil, adjust the squeaky a/c belt and check the maintenance light. they did all of this, including the door for only $65! they recommended a collision repair place for our door, since it seemed that the door needed to be realigned, but (man!) i am so glad i didn't have to pay a cent to have it fixed. they did what they called an "initialization procedure" which fixed the issue. genius! so if you are looking for some awesome customer service and don't want to be swindled, check these guys out!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,9/6/2011,36,62,2,2,5>This was my first experience having frozen yogurt, "Yay!, I'm a fan."  This small shop is located in the NoDa area near a few other cool restaurants.  I'd say this place is good for any time of day, but def after catching a meal at one of the nearby restaurants.  Only the original flavor of frozen yogurt is offered, or so the store employee says.  You have the option to pick 3 toppings and one syrup, there are plenty to choose from.  The place has a few bar stools and a small bar to sit at, a couple tables with chairs, and a really low set couch that is not too comfortable.  Also you have plenty of games (chess, checkers, life, etc..) to play while you eat if ya go with some friends.I hear there is a lot of competition for frozen yogurt, as this is my first I am a fan!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,9/5/2011,64,504,2,3,3>We had another fantastic experience at Midnight Diner; this time for lunch instead of breakfast.  First, being close to Uptown, let me say that I'm SO glad they have very close parking for customers.  Our server, Rachael, was fantastic.  She's what every server should aspire to.  She was friendly, perky, attentive, and genuine.  I hope she never loses that optimism.  One of the lunch specials was Shrimp and Grits with a creamy Cajun sauce.  Rachael recommended it, but my partner was already contemplating it.  That sealed the deal.  He ordered that and I went with the Black & Blue Burger.  I tasted the Shrimp and Grits.  It was SO delicious and full of flavor.  The creamy Cajun sauce was a great addition.  I should have ordered it.  The Black and Blue Burger was just okay.  Maybe it needed more seasoning and blue cheese dressing in addition to the chunks of blue cheese.  Of course, being a bit redder/pinker inside would have been nice, too.  Unfortunately, you can't get that in NC (Boo!).  The fries accompanying it (with a side of ranch that I requested) were delicious, though.  And you can't beat the prices or clean, shiny atmosphere at Midnight Diner.  They're two for two in my book!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,9/4/2011,31,101,2,3,4>Felt compelled to write a quick review after having a phenomenal burrito here today. I've been going here for about three years and had some fine meals, but today was over the top. I usually get the regular size, but this time went for the big, along with the spicy chicken in green chile sauce. Since I was in a hurry, I just told them to load it with "everything". That included, rice, black beans, three kinds of salsa, cilantro, onions, sour cream, guac, chopped jalapenos, lettuce, and tomato - it was monstrously large! Still not sure how they wrapped it but they did. The taste was perfect - spicy, smooth, crunchy, warm. A lot of different flavors that together were a symphony in my mouth! Utterly and totally hit the spot. Added bonus - local place with local owners just putting out great product. Thumbs up Johnny B's!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,9/3/2011,121,566,2,7,5>Chocolate like wow!  So many different flavors from espresso to fruit, simple caramel and even sophisticated tea infusions.  When I Google mapped "chocolate truffles" I never expected to hit the jackpot like this.  They even have flourless chocolate cake ready to go!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,9/2/2011,108,93,3,5,6>The only reason I'm not giving Hef's 5 stars is because I've only come during happy hour and I've only ever ordered the chicken wings and oysters. And know what? That's all I really want. I'm satisfied. The wings are freshly, perfectly fried, not greasy, and come slathered in barbelo sauce--a mixture of barbecue and buffalo that's sweet with a solid kick of heat. Since they're only .30 cents a pop (and oysters .50) during happy hour, you can come here with your buds and get it on, drinks and all, for around $10 including tip! Plus, they have one of the most famous servers in Charlotte and gorgeous burgundy velvet flocked wallpaper. Hmmm. Think I'm going to add that fifth star now.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,9/1/2011,32,70,3,4,4>We stopped in to Tanaka's once about, oh I dunno, maybe 2 years ago & we said we'd never be back since the food was no good.  Well, as fate would have it,I had stopped @ the Circle K across the street to get gas and was planning on going down Prosperity a bit to grab some quick Chinese.  But upon glancing at their sign I thought, "what the heck, I'll give them a shot," suddenly craving Japanese over Chinese.  THAT MUST HAVE BEEN GOD SPEAKING TO ME!!!FOOD:  I placed my to go order, going with the chicken/shrimp hibachi combo ($11) and chose rice and sweet carrots as my sides (choices are fried rice, sweet carrots, noodles or veggies).  My expectations were very low, and I was pretty sure I just wasted twelve bucks & change after she rang me up.  Driving home I figured I would have to find an alternative option.  I get home, love on my dogs, and begin preparing my meal (I'm picky in that I have to separate all my items; don't like things to "mingle!").  Get out a "real" fork, pour myself something to drink & begin eating.  FANTASTIC!!!  I shoveled that food in like I hadn't eaten in days.  And I wanted MORE.  Although it's important to note their food is very filling...I simply wanted more b/c it was SO tasty.  Since my early teens, Kubuto has always reigned supreme with me for Japanese.  Tanaka is a VERY VERY close second now...virtually tied w/Kabuto (and the great thing is, they're very close to our house).  As picky as I am, that's a big compliment.  Convinced my partner to try them again & now he's hooked.  We almost went bankrupt eating here so often in the following weeks!  Alas, we've finally backed off a little, but it wasn't easy.AMBIENCE:  Nowhere near as good as the food.  Nothing has changed since that visit a few years ago.  One big change they need to make is to add more seating.  Been there several times, both at lunch and dinner, and often it's a standing room only situation...just waiting for someone to leave!They do have two large flat-screens showing two different things which is nice (but often the sound is off).  As I mentioned in my ISHI review, they have a kind of "design on a dime" look, as though they had only $500-$1,000 to fully outfit the place.  I do kind of like their retro style high pub tables & swivel stools; an interesting alternative to the standard table & chairs (plus it isn't expected in a Japanese restaurant).  Overall it's fairly sparse, but not horribly so.  Just needs a little sprucing up.  See photos.SERVICE:  In general everyone is very friendly & you're greeted when you walk in the door, with a genuine "happy to see you" feel.  Only encountered one young woman that wasn't overly friendly...just sort of "there."  But that didn't ruin my experience that day (she certainly couldn't be classed as rude).  You do often have to wait a bit, but it's worth it.  They only have one large hibachi grill I believe, so they prepare meals in the order they're received, and they apologize for the wait most of the time (that's something I appreciate and expect when I've had to wait a while for something when that's not the norm). The only negative thing I have to say about Tanaka's is that their website is in DIRE need of an upgrade.  It has that look/feel of a site that was created by an employee that 'just so happens to dabble' in computers from time to time & saved them from paying a 3rd party to do the work.So give Tanaka's a try if you haven't - I think you'll be quite pleased.  It's great to have such a savory option in the Eastfield area. :)
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,8/31/2011,62,55,3,8,4>A Vivace Tale...A long, long time ago... there was a date night.... And it went a lil like this...Well, wasn't the best experience for a restaurant, but the positives...  The waiter was very attentive.  I think I drank about a gallon of water before we got our appetizer, which was the eggplant dip (Perfect)   He also offered a GREAT wine which complimented the meal very well!  I try for a vegan diet, which can be hard if you don't call ahead, so the options here are extremely limited, I got a cheese-less pizza ( a fail-safe at any Italian establishment) and it was more of a tasteless one.  But the company was good :)  If you make a reservation, ask for a table that's separate from the wall or not along the windows.  Awkward Turtle moment when you have to move someones purse to get to your seat on the bench as they managed to cram an extra table in.  If you get stuck at one of those tables, be prepared to have little privacy and be involved in a myriad of conversations that are going on around you.THEY GET A 4!  So, this is an update to an earlier review, I was contacted by a few of the customer service reps and they insisted we try it again!  So, they get a star for wanting to impress us!  I'm in!  LOL, so I will definitely update this soon!  Vivace is trying for a FIVE star, and I'm looking forward to it!Once upon a giftcard...So, thanks to an attentive management staff, we tried Vivace again... SCORE!  It was amazing!  We took the suggestion of wine and was without a doubt, right on point!   The chef prepared a 3 course vegan meal and it was A-Maze-Ing, I got lost in the flavors!  YUM!  The appetizer was a variation of Bruscetta that was made very decadently with butternut squash and flavored with vinaigrette.  Mouth waterin' good! :)  On to the main course, was a great hodge podge of arugula, shrooms, squash, broccoli and many more that I can't remember... Let's just say I got my servings in that day!  The flavor was awesome.  dessert was really done very well as well, with apples and cinnamon in a flaky pizza dough wrap topped with raspberry syrup and powdered sugar!  Welll, hheeelllooooo there!!! Great job Vivace, we shall return, And they lived happily ever after!:-P
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2010,8/30/2011,104,306,4,7,4>We stopped by here on the way home to satisfy my special lady wife's need for sweets after two stops indulging my own beer needs. i was surprised at the crowd just before 9 o'clock on a Thursday night. i really had not read anything about this place and had driven by countless times having no clue it even existed. The cluster of ooglers and droolers deciding what to order wasn't ideal, but some dude took our order and moved us along.  i just told him i wanted something chocolate and chocolate with some chocolate. Whatever he picked out was perfect. The chocolate mousse-stuff went nicely with my Abita Jockamo IPA and the latest episode of Big Brother. All in all, our order was like $13 for 2 little bites and two bigger treats. Thanks be to the Entertainment Book for $5 off, bringing the total to $8.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,8/29/2011,95,94,,6,4>Table 274 is a hidden gem in Cotswold. I say hidden because it can be hard to find if you've never been to the shopping center it's in. Fortunately, it's worth the search! We were greeted by a host opening the door and then again by the hostess and again by the manager, who also helped seat us. Great first impression.The ambiance is great; candles, fancy lighting, smells delish! Our server was excellent as well. She went out of her way to make sure we always had everything we needed and had great recommendations. She also went out of her way to comp a couple drinks when our food took almost an hour to come out... Which is the only reason I can't give Table 274 a 5 star rating.We both started with Caesar salads that were amazing. Usually a Caesar salad is a Caesar salad, but this thing was awesome. Freshly made crunchy, garlicky croutons and very fresh, green romaine. The rolls were notable good as well, hot and crispy! We had a pretty random dinner, pesto sirloin, ricotta gnocchi and mac and cheese! They were all great. The steak was a little under at first, but they got it right after throwing it back on the fire for a few minutes. I should also point out that, as every great restaurant should, they totally redid the sides and garnish as well when they fired the steak again, so everything was hot and fresh when it came back. Like I mentioned before, it did take quite a while for our food to come out, but our excellent server (I think it was Shelley) kept us at bay by checking in often and making sure our drinks were full and offering more rolls. It really was worth the wait though. The gnocchi was pillowy and delicious and came in a delightful, summery ratatouille. In addition to fantastic food, the drinks were fantastic. Freshly made and tasted like heaven. I highly recommend the mi corazon that has fresh passion fruit (papaya? can't remember...) and blood orange. It was killer.Overall, Table 274 was great. Service was fantastic and the food was outstanding. It wasn't terribly crowded, either, so I hope it sticks around for a second visit! Definitely make a reservation so you get a good table, but on a Saturday at 7pm, there were open tables in case you feel like just popping in unannounced.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,8/28/2011,17,166,4,6,6>My second visit to Copper and I was just as pleased as the first time!  We went for dessert after the South End Gallery Crawl and sat at the bar to enjoy our cups of Massala Chai Tea and wait for our gelato.  We sampled pistachio, mango and passionfruit and they were creamy, flavorful and oh so good!   The wait staff once again were friendly, helpful and attentive from the hostess to the bartender.  Great place for a wonderful meal and definitely for dessert!  Go check it out!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,8/27/2011,761,516,2,8,5>My birthday present this year from my man was a gift certificate to Cooking Uptown - I have been so excited to take a class here since I moved to the Queen City.  This place is so unique its a gourmet cooking store with all your favorite cooking things - utensils, appliances, dishes, knives, gadgets but its so much more.  You could compare it to a William Sonoma of sorts.  What make this place so unique is its independently owned and each month they offer a ton of cooking classes from professional knife skills class to french, Italian, Latin, you name it they will have it I'm sure at some time.I really need to take the knife class but this class sells out really fast - make sure you start looking at the class selection well in advance so you can get a spot.  I just finished my sauce class and it was so much fun...and the best part is I learned a lot.  Valentine's day dinner was a success this year Scallops Beurre Blanc - thank you Cooking Uptown & than you Nikki Moore you are a great cook and teacher.*side note they are offering kids cooking classes for the summer.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/26/2011,74,148,4,18,5>Hands down best authentic Mexican tacos in Huntersville. They are parked in two locations throughout the week. Wednesday & Thursday: BP Gas Station off 115 (Old Statesville Rd, next to Garden Grove NurseryFriday & Saturday: Garden Supplies off Statesville & Gilead, across from the new hotels & Cookout.Be sure to call ahead to make sure they're stlll there and their current location. Cash only. Tacos are only $1.75 each. I've ordered their Asada tacos and they are legit. Just the right amount of onion and cilantro. Red and green sauces are BANGIN'.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,8/25/2011,69,395,2,3,3>Newk's is a nice quick cafe on Tryon.  They have an eclectic mix of sandwiches, salads, soups, and pastas centering around a $8 price point.  They also serve a selection of beer and wine.  I tried out the "Newk's Q" sandwich and some white bean and sausage soup and found it satisfying.  They had some tempting deserts as well that I wouldn't be above trying out.  The interior is clean, warm and welcoming and the staff really stood out as friendly - with constant check ins even though it is more of a fast food place.  It is a little pricey compared to fast food places, but affordable when compared to full service restaurants.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,8/24/2011,205,512,5,14,2>Bodrick's(family owned and operated) has been serving pit cooked bbq in the Charlotte area for 12 years and I am ashamed to say that I just recently got a chance to experience it.......I have definitely been missing out!I've been in Charlotte 16 years, and visited several bbq spots.....some that quite honestly shouldn't still be in existence and Bodrick's simply puts them all to shame. I'd put their rib tips, ribs, and bbq up against any of the local bbq spots without a doubt.....it's just that darn good. I'm talking about tender busting with smokey flavor meat with a kicking sauce! They call it 'Chi-town style', but I call it bbq done right!  The rib tips and bbq are their specialty but understand that they serve much more than that.....I also tried the lemon pepper wings, hush puppies, potato salad, mac n cheese, fries and lemonade which were all 5 star and easily, in my opinion, pushes them into the bbq/soulfood arena.....seriously! I can't wait to try the fish and shrimp on my next trip.   If I could suggest one thing, it would be to add bbq pulled chicken or turkey to your menu for the health fanatic in me:-)  Bodrick and his wife were a pleasure to talk with and they know bbq, and to the brother cooking.....you are the man!You'd be doing yourself a terrible injustice to sleep on this one as I had........
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,8/23/2011,42,129,2,5,4>Zink, formerly located Uptown, is now conveniently located within walking distance to my house.  This is a good thing.  A very good thing.  M5 was most recently in this space and, although I did stop in for appetizers and drinks, I never felt that I was cool enough to eat there.Zink has a completely different vibe.  My husband and I popped in for something light to eat and decided to sit outside on the fabulous patio.  Strangely enough, there are great heaters by the outdoor couches, but no heaters by the dining tables.  Alas, I braved the slight chill in the air and enjoyed a great glass of wine and some delicious food.  Our server was friendly and informative.  We told him that we were thinking appetizers and asked him for his recommendations.  After he gave us some time to look at the menu, we asked him about splitting a salad and the Wagyu burger - he wholeheartedly supported our decision and said it would be very easy for him to split that for us.  Thumbs up for the great attitude - we did not feel like we were inconveniencing him at all and we even chatted about the grass fed beef and the fact that this beef comes from Georgia (yay for buying pretty local!!).  Our spinach salad, wagyu burger, crispy fries, and amazing jicama slaw were absolutely spot on.  I was thankful we decided to share because there would have been way too much food for one person.  After we finished eating dinner, we stayed on the patio enjoying our wine and we were greeted by the proprietor - such a nice guy!  We chatted about the new location, items on the menu that they kept from M5 and he seemed genuinely interested in our experience and thoughts on the transition from M5 to Zink.  I can't wait to go back - the menu has a lot of options and tastes to suit many moods.  Did I mention that I can walk here?
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,8/22/2011,85,62,2,6,3>Overall a great experience...a friend and I stopped tonight and got 'fried ravioli' a new and very rewarding food experience as our appetizer.  For the main dish, we ordered a 19 inch pizza with several yummy toppings.  I really loved that the crust was hand made in front of us and it had a nice crunch to it (I hate flimsy pizza!).  My only complaint was that the pizza was just a tad greasy....but I suppose the grease is what gives it some of the yummy flavor.  I also thought the prices were very reasonable....our extra large pizza...two drinks, and two appetizers for 25 bucks.  If you are in the university area, are craving pizza, and are sick of papa johns or dominos, I'd definitely give Tony's a try!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,8/21/2011,255,284,2,9,7>Those craftbeer signs had my curiosity piqued for a while and I was beginning to wonder when they'd reopen this space in NoDa. I'm very glad for this addition to the area! Growlers has a great atmosphere that just engulfs you right when you walk in through those awesome wooden doors. From the exposed brick walls, to the beer tap lined bar, to the cool tables in the middle, Growlers is a great place to hang out with a pint of good beer. Place was packed on a Saturday night, but service was still prompt and friendly. Only got to enjoy a few beers, but will def be back to try some of the food. And by food I mean cheese. I love cheese and beer.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,8/19/2011,84,110,3,6,5>We enjoy this place for the obscenely large beer menu.  We have still yet to try any of their food, but we are members of the Brewniversity where we can drink our way to free merchandise like t-shirts, mugs, and free beer.I enjoy the layout of this place.  The space is huge and clean and there are special tables in the bar area with beer taps so you can pour your own drafts.  The idea of pouring the drafts is pretty cool but it doesn't work out so well when you have to work kinks out of the taps.  We tried the tap thing once and we kept getting full glasses of pure foam because the tap wasn't adjusted properly.  In the end the waitress worked things out for us and we ended up with a couple free glasses of beer, but it probably wasn't worth all the trouble.There are tons of tvs so this is a great place to catch a game and work on your Brewniversity credits.  Plus they have a small arcarde room in the back of the restaurant that the hubs and I like to hit up.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,8/18/2011,40,65,,7,3>This is the main location for Alternative Beverage. They have a really good selection of homebrew supplies that they seem to keep well stocked, they seem to have more at this location that at South Blvd. Employees are friendly and seem to know their stuff. It is a little frustrating that most items are not priced, so you have to keep asking, or looking at their website on your phone while you shop, especially since alot of the stuff they have in stock is not listed on the website.I have been to this location as well as the one on South Blvd, and have found the employees to be very helpful and knowledgable at both locations. Overall a very good place to get your brewing supplies...
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,8/17/2011,118,281,13,8,5>One of those roving-eye-hungry lunch stops (seriously, it could have been TGIFri or Hardees, we were so starved) that turned into super-happy-belly-land. Tiny, as has been said. Darkly lit, too. If you're a bit of a wide load, you're going to have trouble squeezing past chairs and tables. Buffet is cramped but packed - all the classics present and kept refreshed. Mostly veg, with some chicken and other meats at the left end. Malai kofta, paneer masala, daal, sambar, iddly, vada, hamburger buns (wtf), biryanis, chutneys and such, along with some sweets, on the cold bar. Veg lo mein . Free paper dosas brought to the table as you sit.10 bucks is a little high, but worth the variety of flavor and freshness of grub. Had a sip of a mango lassi - and smiled - pureed cardamom pods made my tongue sit up in surprise. Sweeeeet.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,8/16/2011,1252,934,,6,5>Winner of the smartest building award this sleek new kid on the corporate tower block is a sight to see...unfortunately they don't give tours.It is 786 feet tall, 48-floor (54 floors including mechanical floors) skyscraper in Charlotte, North Carolina. When completed in 2010, it was the largest building in Charlotte (in square footage), second tallest building in Charlotte, next to BoA building........funny, both in banking and construction, Wachovia was always second?Anyway, I digress.But perhaps most significant fact about this building is its LEED-Platinum certification, recognizing it as the most sustainable skyscraper in America.  Pretty fancy for a small southern town eh?!?!?Among the building's sustainable features:*Uses 22 percent less energy than similar buildings its size*90% of construction waste from building was recycled*Consumes 30 million fewer gallons of water compared to similar buildings*34 percent of the building's materials were produced within 500 miles of Charlotte*Lighting system is interfaced with window blinds to maximize natural lighting and limit artificial light*120 feet underground thousands of gallons of rainwater, groundwater and condensation is collected and filtered for use in the buildingThe lobby area is nice and there is a garden area on the 10th floor, but not open to the public.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,8/15/2011,87,175,2,6,4>Chicago is only minutes away from uptown Charlotte.  Didn't you know that?  Well, Matt's Chicago hot dogs were as close to authentic as you are going to get in North Carolina.  Chicago Dog Ingredients: Check Restaurant Ambiance: Excellent (Check)Outdoor Seating in a Park: CheckGoing back for many more hotdogs:  CHECK!!They also offer combos so you can wash down the dog with some delicious fries and a soda.  There are several other options besides the Chicago dog if you are feeling adventurous.  They also offer burgers etc etc.  I haven't tried the burgers yet and it may be a while because I'm going to keep getting the dogs.  I love hot dogs.  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,8/14/2011,1034,436,17,11,10>Not so sober review #339Dear Diary,I started drinking today in the most civilized way, bubbly with a girlfriend out of fancy, thrift store, vintage, bird bath champange glasses, oh la la la. Then went to a holiday bubbly tasting, snacks at Good Food on Montford, then all hell breaks loose.We are walking by Jeff's Bucket Shop, my friend says, "what's Jeff's Bucket Shop?" Well. I don't know, I could tell you exactly where it is, but have I been there? No. So, I was like, let's go find out.You walk down a narrow hallway with a HUGE neon lit arrow pointing to the door, OMG, you had me at HELLO!  We walk into a teeny tiny bar, with the bartender and a few patrons. Everyone is low key, but friendly. The bartender is super, super nice.  Oh Jeez, it's loaded with boys and there are some cute ones. Oh my. Yummy, little Debbie snack cakes and drink specials, nice barkeep and kaorake at 10p.  Sweet Jesus, give me the mike. but no, not even loaded with alcohol, I'm still too shy.I might say, now don't quote me tomorrow, but right now, I love you Jeff.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,8/13/2011,87,274,10,7,5>I like to be rubbed, 24/7, and I promise myself a staff masseur when I win that Powerball Jackpot.  But until then I have to find a more economical option.  Southeastern Institute is a great alternative.  I finally get to check out the student clinic this past Friday after work.  $25 for a 50-minute full body massage isn't a bad deal.  And I was impressed by the quality.  I hate to say, it was better than the "real" massage I last had at a full price studio.  Jess was the student masseur I was assigned to.  The pressure was good.  I even got "chopped."  She remembered to massage places like my hips and hands and inner thighs.  The only place I wish she would have "rubbed" a little was my head.  Head massage is the best!  But of course for $25 there were "setbacks"  (things that I personally don't care much about but it may make a difference for someone else).  First, this is in an office building off Tyvola/I-77.  Let's just say it's not the most spa-like.  The check in area is just a big office room with chairs.  No fancy fruit soaked water to be offered... or dim lighting that makes us look more glowing.  The studio isn't private room.  Instead it's just another big room with curtains/sheets pulled up as dividers.  The lights are dimmed here, and they do have the spa music on.  Frankly I was perfectly okay with the arrangement.  It's not like anyone is being loud during a massage anyhow.  I do have a PSA to make: if you happen to put your jewelry or little items in that bowl, make sure you (or your masseur) put it WITH your clothes... nothing un-relax a person faster than "holy sh!t where is my watch?!"  And since it's not as private of a setting, I spent the night trying not to freak out that I will never see my birthday gift ever again.  Luckily I got it back the next morning without any problems... whew!Also, clinic hours are on Fridays & Saturdays only.  I will definitely treat myself to a massage once every other month or so... what can I say, I like being a guinea pig :)
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/12/2011,49,51,2,3,2>My friend and I saw a sign that said that the Mint Museum had a Platform Shoe exhibit.  Of course we had to go.  I assumed the exhibit was at the Mint Museum Uptown.  But, I hadn't realized there was a location on Randolph Road and that's exactly where our shoe exhibit was. The lady at the front said that our $10 ticket would get us into both locations as long as we went the same day.  We happily explored the Uptown location first.  I wasn't too interested in the pottery exhibit but some of the contemporary artists really caught my eye.  I really liked a new contemporary American artist that I had never seen before -- Charles Clough.  We also explored a jewelry exhibit, an inventions exhibit and a large collection of Ansel Adams photographs.  I really enjoyed the whole museum especially the phone-in audio tour.  I wish it was offered on more pieces.  The museum was clean, quiet and well lit.  They even offer a scavenger hunt for kids to play where they can find specific items within the artwork.  I thought it sounded like fun and would have been more than happy to play it myself.  I am looking forward to learning more about what the Mint Museum Uptown has to offer.  And, I would definitely consider buying a membership.  I highly recommend checking this place out.  There are lots of different types of exhibits so everyone is guaranteed to find something of interest.To read my review on the Platform Shoe Exhibit, check out the Mint Museum on Randolph Rd.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,8/11/2011,53,163,2,6,2>These guys have to be some of the friendliest people I have ever met!  I was stuck trying to figure out what I wanted for dinner and by the time I figured it out it was 8:50.  I figured I'd call and see if they could do a take out order, if not no big deal.  I called and they said no problem.  When I got there, like 6 minutes later they came and opened the door for me and started chatting right away.  I thanked them profusely for letting me order and was told it wasn't a problem at all.  They told me how they'd be moving soon and got my name and email to add to their list for when they have the new location secured.So after chatting for like 10 minutes I left and couldn't wait to try my food.  I had gone with the crabcake platter and was happy with it.  The crabcakes were great.  I went to school in Baltimore and have had my share of crab cakes, and these can hold their own.  The fried shrimp were okay, not a stand out.  The chips were really yummy though as were the hush puppies and corn.I will most definitely be back to try more and have a lovely chat with the lovely owners!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,8/10/2011,34,49,4,8,4>Customshop is the type of place where you shouldn't get food "to go". The ambiance and service is too good to miss. The space and food quality are reminiscent of a Charleston Maverick restaurant, but more intimate and uniquely Charlotte in the commitment to locally grown fruits, vegetables and meats. Oh, and their WTF meats listed on the menu are actually from Wild Turkey Farms in China Grove, North Carolina, and does not stand for the other WTF you potty mouths were thinking. The cheese plates are lovely, and servers are well-versed in the choices and wine pairings. Try the Blu di Bufala (Water Buffalo) with local honey and Cremont Double Cream (Cow & Goat) cheeses for a pungent spin on typical cheese board offerings.There were several entrées that made the main portion of the meal difficult to choose; however, the house made Potato Gnocchi, Lamb Ragu & Merguez Sausage was ridiculously full of savory win. The Braised Beef Boneless Short Rib was gorgeously tender and flavorful, and nicely complemented by the Kale and Marmalade.Attentive service and intimate upscale digs round off the feel of Customshop, which in its entirety is an experience in which you'll want to paddle around within the lazy river of yum.Customshop is located at 1601 Elizabeth Avenue in a building that is over 100 years old, and amazingly hasn't been torn down and replaced by a big bank building and filled with men wearing blue button downs, as is the usual Charlottean custom.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,8/9/2011,196,213,15,4,7>This Centre is Epic! har har, I so funny. I'm not particularly fond of the "EpiCentre" nor am I partial to any spot. But I do greatly appreciate the vision and this mini mall concept for adults they got going on. Live concerts, MMA fights, pretentious bouncers and shady management. From classy women in prom dresses (and no it's not actually for prom), to skanky, I mean swanky chicks in mini skirts & halters in 43 degree weather, to D-bags rockin' Afflliction & Ed Hardy to country boys with cowboy boots and hats. Cougars chasing the polo shirt kids, and old timers in three piece suits looking for their Anna Nicole. EpiCenter has something for everyone!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,8/8/2011,142,86,3,6,5>They really did a wonderful job on their grand opening.  I was quite impressed.  The service was fantastic, even with a full house and it being their first big day. They really use the space well, it's a bit oddly shaped inside (it's on a rounded corner in Epicentre).   The bar area is spacious and there are long tables to stand and enjoy cocktails at while you wait for your table.  Our server, Jackie, was very knowledgeable, nice and amusing.  She recommended the carnitas, which my boyfriend ordered.  I had the barbacoa.  She made sure our food didn't come out too close to the tableside guac.  We joined "The Good Life" club before going so we had a coupon for  a free tableside guacamole.  Which was MASSIVE.  I swear he use like 6 avocados!  It was very tasty and we ate so much of the yummy guac that by the time our food came I was almost full. I definitely recommend joining "The Good Life" and using the coupon, it's was some seriously good guac.  The barbacoa was just as barbacoa should be, tender and almost melt in your mouth.  I thought the sauce was a bit too sweet, but they didn't smother it in the sauce so it was okay.  The carnitas was definitely the better choice, it was smokey and slightly crisp.  We weren't too fond of the taco shells (they're similar to Loco Lime's) and slightly sweet.  It might just be that they're corn and that's how freshly made corn tortillas taste, but they were a little too heavy and sweet for me.  Jackie told us they come from a family business in Monroe and are brought in fresh every morning.  They are trying to use as much locally sourced products as possible.  The plantains were outstanding, i'm a huge sucker for properly done plantains, I also had the black beans and they were equally yummy.  The carnitas came with lettuce, guac and cheese and the barbacoa came with a mexican slaw which was okay, i'm not a slaw fan of any kind so i'm not the best judge.  Be forewarned, the drinks are STRONG.  I had a frozen strawberry margarita and it was very heavy on the tequila.  We had churros for dessert, which were a little too doughy in the middle for me, but the outside was perfect and they come with chocolate to dip them in. My only complaint was the Abercrombie & Fitch music.  My boyfriend commented that he felt like he should be buying clothes not eating.  A little too club dance party for a restaurant.  I get that they're trying to be hip, but that's a bit too hip while i'm eating dinner.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,8/7/2011,61,87,6,6,7>So... it's Friday night date night... and... no date. "Nother Chardonnay please and follow it up with the largest slice of Chocolate Volcano Cake ya got". I found myself in quite a 'state' after having driven around the Brikdale Circle for ...an hour I think, trying to find a parking place. After being sufficiently aggravated and haven only eaten a salad 8 hours ago I needed a bevy and substance... STAT ! I wandered into Dressler's because tonight I can't take the crowded bar shenanigans and I needed some quite relief to relax and unwind. The restaurant was somewhat busy but the bar area was peacefully Sarine so I "dined" or rather "wined" at the bar. Kevin, the bartender, who also happens to be from Buffalo kept me company while I gorged myself on my cake. We had a nice conversation and then a big group walked in. It was after 10PM now and they were the only other folks in the bar area. I could tell they were receiving a loving reception by the staff and I later learned it was the Pit Crews for two very prominent local race teams. Very cool. After my over indulgence I felt ready to call it a night. However, the Manager John and I got talking and before I knew it, it was closing time (11PM). They were so attentive and made me feel very welcomed. By the time I left, I had forgotten all the day's troubles and felt like I gained some new friends and probably a few guilty lbs ;) .... o well it was worth it! Thanks Dresslers... you know how to make a girl feel at home.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,8/6/2011,78,188,,6,2>I am happy to report that Sir Edmond's is back in business!This is, quite literally, an out-the-way place.  You can access it from the front of the Park Road shopping center by a passageway, but if you have any mobility issues, you are better served by driving around the shopping center to the main entrance at the back.  In doing so, you'll discover a neat little area with an interesting secondhand shop and a charming outdoor garden shop.Once you finally find the place, you'll discover that the inside suits its location.  You certainly get the feeling of eating in some tucked-away local nook.Of course, the truly important thing about a restaurant is its food, and while part of the appeal of Sir Edmond's is surely it's location, it's food does not disappoint.  It's fairly typical pub far with a classy twist.  The shepherd's pie is delicious, and if you're feeling adventurous, try the ostrich meatloaf.  Unfortunately, the lamb sandwich they had before their temporary closure is nowhere to be found.  The portions seem smallish, but they are filling.In short, I recommend Sir Edmund Halley's!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,8/5/2011,87,62,4,5,5>When I first saw Jeremy's wedding blog I showed it to my then fiancé and our families. We were all in agreement that he had some of the most unique wedding photos we had ever seen.  I was aware the wedding was all about my bride, but I had already made two decisions that I wouldn't budge on. The first was that we were registering for a Belgian waffle maker, and the second that Jeremy was going to be our wedding photographer.We called Jeremy told him our venue and made sure he was available for our date. He gets booked pretty far in advance so make sure you give yourself enough time to plan.  He gave us the prices and said he would throw in either an engagement or bridal shoot for free.  We picked the engagement shoot and chose to have the pictures taken at the Cabarrus county fair.  When we met him at the fair he was very laid back, and he made us feel comfortable throughout our photo shoot offering ideas and directions.  He even braved a chair swing backwards at the fair to get one of our favorite photos (see above) that we used at the reception for people to sign with their best wishes.We had an outdoor wedding at the rock quarry in Carrigan Farms and on the day of the wedding he was there before we both arrived taking photos of the location, reception area, flowers etc. He shadowed us for the entire event with photos of my wife getting ready with her sisters and me with my brothers and guests. After the ceremony we shot the standard family photos, and then broke away from the crowd for our pictures together.  This is where he shines and will create some uniquely spontaneous ideas that you can see for yourself scattered throughout his wedding blog.  This was the main reason we chose him over the standard fare other photographers offer.When the photos are returned, he can either send you a link on his website or give you a DVD of the full resolution photos that you will then own and can do with as you wish. Our DVD contained the color photos and the same photos in black and white. His final product is more or less a storybook of the entire day starting with the setup of the wedding, the ceremony, catching those priceless candid moments at the reception, to the final moments stepping into the car. He even rode with us in the limo a couple blocks to get some final photos and walked back to his car afterwards.I should also add he has a range of services beyond weddings, one in particular that I am now in love with are the boudoir shoots. My amazing wife actually surprised me for our 1 year "paper" anniversary gift with a collection of photos she had done with a him at his studio in NoDa.  He works with a local makeup/hair artist, and together they transform their subjects into a work of art. I have never been happier with a gift in my life. If you check out his website you will see the work is very tasteful and speaks for itself with clients ranging from models to girls next door looking to blow their loved one's minds as mine was!Here was a feature lately regarding his boudoir photography on the Charlotte today show:wcnc.com/charlotte-today
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,8/4/2011,75,581,2,10,2>I went there last night about 7:30 with a friend and the restaurant was almost empty. It was like that sometimes when it was Pie Town too. The pool table right when you walk in the door seems out if place. I would rather see more cool lounge type chairs to socialize with friends. The bar area has a nice feel to it. Our server was above average and very attentive - probably because we were his only table :)The new menu has many great choices for food and still some of their unique pizzas from Pie Town. We ordered the calamari and it was cooked to perfection - not overdone and chewy like most places around Charlotte. We split the chicken marsala and the bacon & egg pizza. Both were outstanding. Note:  I am giving 4 stars for the food and atmosphere, but I would like to give it 3 stars because the red wine selection was very very small, there were only a couple choices of red available. They said they were getting ready for restaurant week. So I am hoping if the owners read this, they will add more red wines like a cabernet and chianti.  We ended up drinking beer. I will go back and if the wine list is better, I will keep the review at 4 stars, otherwise, I will drop it to 3 for good.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,8/3/2011,14,112,7,6,5>I was invited to FABO by my friend Lindsay who is a Yelp Elite member-- but obviously not an elitist because she invited me to tag along-- to a Yelp Elite event that was organized to raise money for the world's cutest puppy.  I never drive to Meyers Park.  Not because it's far from my house, though.  No, it's because A) I didn't really recognize that there was anything cool in Meyers Park (yet another example of me pre-judging a neighborhood by its denizens)  and B) even after 12 years of living in Charlotte I get all mixed up in a neighborhood where one straight road is called by 100 names.  It's like Charlotte's version of the Bermuda Triangle.  Except I've yet to see Elvis or Marilyn Monroe.  How to describe FABO?  It's not just a coffee and pastry shop.  It's not just a wine bar.  It's not just an art gallery.  And it's not just a purveyor of handcrafted jewelry.  It would be safe to say that it's an upscale-yet hip-morning to evening thirst quenching bastion of culture and beauty.  I've always wanted to use an all-encompassing term like "boho chic" or "urban rustic" to cover both ends of a spectrum and all points between, but I had to use more words.  I'm still working on a more succinct description of FABO.  Here's what I have to say:  GO TO FABO!!  If you're like me and get lost in the Meyers Park maze, pull a Hansel and Gretel move and leave a little trail of snacks so you can find your way home.  Just make sure you give FABO a try ASAP.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/2/2011,175,207,9,15,3>BEST BRA FITTERS IN CHARLOTTE.Those Victoria Secret clowns said I was a 38 DD when I went bra shopping but nothing felt right. Come to IC London, turns out I'm a 34FFF (yeah, that's right, whassup) - sounds like VS was just trying to sell me something in a size they carried!Anyway, back to IC London - wow wow and WOW. If you're looking for a bustier and thigh highs, don't come here. This isn't The Red Door. It's a high end bra and sleepwear store. From AAA to GGG, they carry a million high end, well made bras ranging from $50-100 and that will last you 3-4 years if you launder them correctly. Personally, I'm a fan of the Elomi bras but just purchased a strapless/convertible one that made me want to cry: I NEVER KNEW MY BOOBS COULD LOOK LIKE THAT IN A STRAPLESS BRA! All my big busted ladies will feel me on this: When you have big boobs, gravity works against you and it's hard to keep these babies up where they should be! If you're hearing me on this, stop reading and just go see IC London. Be ready to be amazed at what a correctly fitting, high quality bra can do for your confidence, breasts and figure over all! I put on my first Elomi and it looked like I'd dropped 20 lbs!Ah, I can't sing their praises enough but I will try and stop here....I LOVE I C LONDON!!!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,8/1/2011,115,369,,10,3>Fantastic trail running.  The running trails have one ~4 mile loop and another ~6 mile loop. Lots of up-and-down hills (which makes it a good spot for mountain biking as well).I stumbled across a few disc golf courses while I was there and they seemed pretty well set up (me + frisbee = no.).Safe, clean and a decent amount of parking. Softball/baseball fields and tennis courts are offset on opposite sides of the park.This is totally my new running spot to frequent.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,7/31/2011,76,167,3,4,5>I recently visited Molly MacPherson's for dinner on a Sunday night. My friend and I were literally the only customers in the restaurant. I found the food to be excellent but the timing of when the dishes were brought to the table was a disaster. Unfortunately, we waited a while to get our appetizers. I would guess about 15-20 minutes which was confusing as we were the only people there. 2-3 minutes later our entrees were brought out. What a total disappointment. We were faced with the decision - which dish do we let go cold? Additionally, we both ordered burgers but different toppings on each (i.e. lettuce, tomato, onion, etc.). Neither of the burgers were brought out with the correct garnishes. Now that being said, I did find the taste of the food to be outstanding. I would actually go so far as to say that Molly's has the best burgers in Charlotte, even better than Big Daddy's. The appetizers were equally as good. The onion rings are dipped in a beer batter and served with a unique, tasty side sauce. The spinach dip was flavorful and served with pieces of pita bread as opposed to the traditional tortilla chips.  I would order both again in a heartbeat.I would definitely recommend this restaurant for dinner, and can only hope that the delivery of our food is given more thoughtful consideration next time.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,7/30/2011,20,174,2,3,2>Great summer time bar! This is an awesome spot to stop for a few or 10 cocktails on a summery day. The crowd looks to be made up of a good mix of locals. This looks like the type of place you drink beer, cheap beer. They had $2 champagne of beers and $1.50 PBR. This will be a stop on my way by every time.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,7/29/2011,126,906,3,3,3>Always have been a fan of Tyber Creek.  It's right off of South and the area has been changing since the light rail was built and there are new exciting things happening.Last night I partook in my first every South End Gallery Crawl which was a little different from the ones I've experienced in NoDa.  What's good was that Tyber was in the area so once the crawl was over, we headed to Tyber for a couple drinks.The upstairs was closed for a private party, but it was opened back up later on in the night, but it made for some "Hi, how are you doing?" moments as someone walked by and accidentally bumps/rubs you in an area you don't normally get contact in (in public).  It got pretty crowded downstairs, but when the party was over, we headed upstairs and played shuffleboard and continued our merriment.Don't normally go here for the food, but it looks good?  I'll have to come back and actually eat here one day.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/28/2011,39,60,3,3,3>Wow it feels good to give a 5 star review after a pretty bad streak.  As close to perfect that any restaurant has come in Charlotte.  The only downfall is that most likely you will be waiting for a while.  Luckily it was just dinner for 2 this night, and we immediately found a pair of seats at the bar.  The service was amazing and I think I would sit there again even if there was space in the dining room.  The star of the night was the steamed bun.  The pork was crisp, juicy, soft, and sweet all at the same time.  The green curry mussels came in a close second for me.  Two of the other dishes we ordered I would classify as "just good" - the falafels and the cavatappi.  I think the steamed bun and mussels set the bar too high.  We had a chicken dish that we didn't care for the flavor of, can't recall the name or how it was described.  I (solely, wife refused to participate) had the pot de creme for dessert.  Outstanding.  Not overly sweet so the true flavors shine.  Perfect dinner.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,7/27/2011,53,155,5,4,5>While walking from Thirsty Beaver to 22 we noticed a new BBQ joint.Why, yes, I do want to try. We were not hungry, but we decided that it was worth checking out the new place. We sat down at the bar and ordered an appetizer. Pimento cheese frees with BBQ on top of it. Ummm....wow. This is a heart attack on a plate- and absolutely delicious. I also talked to the bartender for a tiny bit and checked out the menu. He said that they will be having vegetarian options soon- tofu and portabello mushrooms were mentioned.I am looking forward to going back for a meal (I want to try the Cuban). I cannot imagine this place not succeeding. FYI- it is also gay friendly- always a good thing.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,7/26/2011,47,112,4,10,3>The name of this restaurant is actually "The Dive N".  I ate here for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised.  They only serve breakfast and lunch and they have daily specials for each.  The theme is that of a 50's style diner.With some reservations I decided to try to the BBQ plate.  Once I ordered I thought for sure I had made a mistake because I know what good Q tastes like and I just ordered it from a 50's style diner.  That's usually a big no no!  As you can see from the pic of the plate it's a nice portion of food.  I was acutally impressed by the pulled BBQ!  It was very tasty and I was a fan of the vinegar based sauce that accompanied it.  The slaw was great, finely chopped just the way I like it.  Also the drinks they serve come with that really crushed ice which is a favorite of mine.  I don't know why more restaurants don't have that?!?!  The BBQ plate was $7.25 plus $1.25 for the drink.The staff was very friendly and the restaurant area was very clean which is always a plus.  I will definitely be back here again to try some of their other menu items, but for first impressions I give them 4 stars!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,7/25/2011,7,41,5,5,4>Between its role in Penguingate, the similarities of the menu and, y'know, Greg Auten, the chef who made the Penguin what it was, it's hard not to compare Pinky's to The Bird. But Pinky's stands up to the comparison and... dare I say it... may even be better.Penguin regulars will see many old friends on Pinky's menu, which includes fried pickles and "Pinky's Westside," aka a small block southern style. Tastewise, they hold their own. But Pinky's is striking out on its own, too. There are waffle fries on the menu, which are always welcome, and there are even--GASP!--some healthy options. The "kinda fried turkey" sandwich is delicious, with flavorful, perfectly poached turkey and bacon. The Nature Boy, Pinky's version of a veggie burger, is clearly housemade, a nice alternative to the Boca burger afterthoughts most restaurants throw at the vegetarians in the room. There's something for everyone on the menu without feeling like they threw everything on there.I'll always have a soft spot for the Penguin, but with more options, air conditioning and *almost* enough room for the hungry customers, I think it's safe to say Pinky's will do just fine on its own.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,7/24/2011,32,84,2,4,4>I haven't visited in a few months (see aforementioned preggo issues), but I used to consider this bar one of my favorites.  It definitely has a nice divey feel (but not grimy) and a good number of pool tables.  I've had some fun times sitting at the bar and chatting it up with the bartender and regulars--and I've had nothing by great service here (although I do think I tended to visit on less busy weeknights). It's definitely rocking a scene (i.e. not fratty), and that's exactly what I like about it.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,7/23/2011,103,276,2,9,4>I now understand why I always see people eating in their cars in this parking lot. I didn't make it very far without sneaking a bite, and in the future I'll know not to press my luck and just enjoy my food with the others parked out front.There are definitely no frills here, I walked in the doors to a long counter with a woman standing behind it, a series of reach-in coolers behind her filled with assorted jamaican drinks amoung other things I didn't catch, and a fairly open kitchen with a stove, a steam table, a warmer, and some equipment around the corner I couldn't see. As noted in another review it was (refreshingly) very clean. The menu is posted on the window as you walk in, along the wall on the inside, and also on a chalk board inside. I don't know if the chalkboard changes at all, but it seemed to have the same items on it as the printed menus.I was a little torn by the options: red snapper, oxtail, curry, a stew, goat, jerk chicken... but I went with the jerk chicken. And then comes the decision on the sides... mac n cheese, cabbage, more rice n beans, greens.. I went with cabbage. A small plate is a whole to go container of rice & beans, chicken, and cabbage - so I have no idea what kind of food you get in a large plate. The desserts sounded fantastic, I almost got a rum cake but stopped myself. (That was the one moment I was happy I couldn't sit down and eat, because I knew if I had more time to debate with myself the rum cake would have been purchased.) My small plate and a ting came to around $11. Not bad. After I ordered, the box was assembled as I stood there, everything either sitting hot on the stove or warm in the steam table. I was a little surprised as she flashed the filled container to me in approval before she shut it, but looking back it was nice touch to be able to check my order right there instead of getting to my car (or home) and being disappointed. I got to my car and noticed a few others eating, took a few bites myself, and then continued home. (windows down, windows up made it too tempting to nosh at every stop light)The jerk was really nice, very mild and sweet. I almost wished it had a little bit more heat to it, but very good. The cabbage was a little on the salty side but once you start mixing it in with the perfectly cooked rice and beans it all evens out. I definitely want to try a few other items on the menu, and if they are anywhere near the caliber of the jerk, I know I'll be very happy with them as well.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,7/22/2011,38,184,2,5,2>I've been to King's Kitchen several times for lunch, and am really pleased with the food, service, and prices.  While the fried chicken with gravy is good, I'm a huge fan of the meatloaf.  They prepare it so uniquely - after baking it, they slice it into large pieces and grill it to add crisp.  It's really delicious with the mashed potatoes and mac and cheese (double order of that, of course)!  The cornbread and biscuits that you get before your meal are also out of this world.  Lately, they have gotten busier for lunch, and I suggest you go early.  It's definitely worth a wait, however!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,7/21/2011,92,226,2,8,6>Let's talk about what Shine is: it's a casual, quirky, friendly neighborhood salon. It's located in an old house, so each "room" has 3-4 chairs in it which provides a homey atmosphere, and small enough where a conversation might involve a whole room of customers/stylists which is why I keep going back. It's almost like an old-timey barber shop where people chime in on the latest gossip or story. It's a place where you can get a number of different levels of hair service from inexpensive with a junior stylist to pricey, involved triple foil lowlights/highlights with a glaze with the owner.  All the stylists are nice/funny and even though I always go to the owner Amy, I know all the other stylists, so when the owner went out on maternity leave I felt comfortable going to Tina. I'm experimental when it comes to haircolor, and if an experiment doesn't come out the way I want, they totally are willing to fix it. I would recommend the BlowDry 101 class too because I'm super lazy when it comes to hair and this has saved me from many bad hair days. It also pays to be a VIP for a free birthday month haircut and some other specials where I got a great deal on a dryer and a Chi travel pack.Let's now talk about what Shine isn't: It is not a modern spa type atmosphere, or cold, clinical or systematized. It isn't a place where the stylists are too cool for school, nor trying to crank you out in 30 minutes (though they are busy).  It is not a place where you can get nails done for a full beauty experience (unfortunately).  It does not have a giant waiting room.It did not bother me when they ask me if I need products (though they don't push certain ones like Aveda does unless you ask for a specific usage) because although I was  a lifetime Head & Shoulders girl, I discovered some of their products really are better than store bought brands and worth the $.  Bottom line: it's a fun neighborhood salon.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2010,7/20/2011,24,91,2,6,2>I was really, really hoping the atmosphere of this place would be a little darker and more eclectic and so was disappointed at its overly sporty vibe.  Even so, the patio is really big and nice, and they have a huge, excellent beer selection.Also, I feel I have to mention the black bean burger.  It. Was. Awesome.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,7/19/2011,103,218,4,12,6>Made a stop in here on a door-to-door tour of all the new spots that just opened in this mixed-use development.  It was cold and rainy out, but the owner quickly welcomed the wife and I in with a glass of wine and a personal introduction to his business.  While things are still settling in, there will be a small amount of seating around the front, but the real draw is the bar that swings around almost the length of the shoppe.  There is a large black board behind the bar that describes that day's wine pourings and offers specials on other wines to be found on the shelves which line the length of the back wall.  I'll get to the wine in a minute, because I can't go on any longer without talking about the chocolate truffles, found in a glass case in the center of the bar.  On our visit, there were about 12-15 different chocolate truffles, dark and milk chocolate, covering all kinds of wonderful ganache centers- I was especially fond of the blood orange and caramel with sea salt.  They are all made-house.  I will be back to try the coffees, the teas, and the pure Peruvian dark chocolates.  If you're lucky, there might be a few samples on top of the bar.   Try at your own risk, 'cause then you'll want more!  Purchases come in nicely designed clear little boxes and are handled with a white glove- talk about respecting the chocolate!  Each truffle has it's own delicate design and you can mix and match as you like.  Hey fellas- drop the mass-made Godiva and impress your lady friend with a box of these- they'll step up your game!Now for the wine.  If you've seen my other reviews, you know I'm pretty much into wines- especially Spanish and California reds.  Well, Petit Phillippe's name is most ironic because their wine selections are monstrously bold and good.  Small production wineries can be found among a few larger, but well-chosen, producers.  What is apparent is the thought and effort that went into selecting their offerings.  A good few varietals are present- pinot, merlot, cab, grenache, etc. But each wine they sell is there with a purpose- nothing just to try and move a bottle out the door.  The owner and his staff are knowledgable and can steer you towards whatever your occasion or palette best calls for for.On our visit, the wine pouring was limited to about six bottles that appeared to be served and priced as a flight.  I think it was Oregon vs. California pinot noirs.  Interesting.  Had it not been lunch time, I'd have bought in.  I think this will change weekly, if not more often, so here's another e-mail list to get yourself onto to find some new and good stuff.They are also working on a reserve room for still more, high-end wines.  On our visit, this was unfinished and it seems the contractor and the subs were fighting over who was at fault.  We were assured this would get finished, and I don't doubt it because they need the shelf space!I'm excited to have found Petit Phillippe and think it's got a good thing going- smart wine and gourmet chocolate.  Definitely a stop for date night or just about anytime you want to treat yourself.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,7/18/2011,81,304,,7,4>I suppose I'm biased because I've always loved raptors, owls particularly.  But I very much enjoyed seeing the owls, vultures, hawks, falcons, eagles, kestrels, and lively visiting corvidae (ravens, crows and magpies).  These are probably the chillest raptors you'll ever see.  I guess it'd kind of be like visiting an outdoor rehab center for permanently injured athletes.  These birds were once the rulers of the sky, swooping down on irritating prey like rats and skunks in the blink of an eye... until some sad tragedy, a bullet, a car moving too quickly - cut short their majestic reign.  So these raptors, for the most part fairly acclimated to human presence, will merely eyeball you as you walk by their aviaries or embarrass yourself by clicking and hooting to get their attention.Stop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds, as well as some interesting background information.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,7/17/2011,46,86,7,2,2>So two asians and a white kid walk into a BBQ biker stop...Sounds like the beginnings of a hilarious joke huh? Well we decided to run in there for a little BBQ-satisfaction. Let me tell you, that hit the spot big time.I am not a bbq pork snob, I like to rattle my pallet a little bit. I decided to go with some big dog daddy brisket. TREMENDOUS. The sauce was tangy and some kick to it. So much so that the only thing that would get rid of it was a fresh brewback. Mac's is known for their bikes, their tatted waitresses, their live music, their bbq, and their microbrews. Let me tell you, there's an overwhelming amount of all the above.The place is great and I'd recommend stopping in if you get a chance.LBD scale posts this bad boy at an 8. I enjoy it thoroughly
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,7/16/2011,143,211,3,5,2>Lebowskis over the past couple years has turned into our local watering hole. The staff is awesome and really pleasant to talk to. All of the staff really knows there food and drink menu's. They always have awesome food and beer specials no matter what night you go there and the menu is always changing and getting better. I recommend trying the trio dip. There homemade pimento cheese dip is on point. They also have a nice little patio outside. If the weather ever gets below 90 in the summer it is the perfect place to have a few drinks with friends. They also have trivia on Tuesdays that is a lot of fun to go with some friends.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,7/15/2011,117,303,,7,4>Four Friends Brewing has been brewing beer longer than their friendly local competition Olde Mecklenburg Brewery.  However, their beer hasn't been as accessible and their brewery wasn't opened to the public until recently.The brewery is open from 2-5pm on Saturdays or whenever they feel like kicking you out. They will occasionally be open on holidays, so find them on Facebook for up to date info.  Don't come here expecting anything as refined as the OMB tap room.  Four Friends is tucked away an office park/industrial park area near Carowinds Blvd and South Tryon.  Upon entering, it almost feels as if you are in one of your friend's garages.  There is a makeshift bar with several beer snobs and Jon (one of the owners) happily dishes out samples.  There's the "Queen City Red", their flagship beer and a very good one.  There's "Uptown Brown" a 6.6% chocolaty beer.  Then there is the stuff for hops heads - Hops Turvey, Extinction and Double Extinction IPA (both Extinctions are over 9%).Then there is also experimental stuff like "Mint Street Madness" flavored with mangos and chili - it tasted much better than it sounds.  FFB is like Charlotte's own "Brewmasters.""Volunteers" help fill and cap the bottles and also fill growlers.  I recommend getting growlers because the capped bottles don't hold carbonation very long.  Four Friends Brewing may not be much aesthetically speaking, but they are cranking out some good beer along with Olde Mecklenburg Brewery and the other local breweries.  Stop by sometime on Saturday and say hi to Jon and Beth - you'll be treated like you've known them for 20 years.  Also, if you see their beer at restaurants/bars, buy one to support local beer!  Check their website for locations.  I recommend Brixx uptown on Tuesday where all Charlotte beers are $2.50 a pint.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,7/14/2011,20,71,3,12,4>Recently opened, Tha Last Word is a rather spacious and comfortable store in the shops behind IHOP and Walgreens at the corner of Harris Blvd. and North Tryon, across from the hospital and University Place. If you're familiar with this strip, it's to the right of Maggie Moo's and the Thai restaurant on the ground level, tucked in the corner next to GNC.If you are an avid reader, game player, movie watcher, or music listener, you should visit this shop. They specialize in buying and selling used media (books, games and game players, DVDs, VHS tapes, vinyl record albums, and CDs). My boys and I were headed to eat lunch at Qdoba's, when we spotted this place. Curious about the name, I suggested we check it out. A sign outside mentioned that they offered 10% discounts for customers of several other restaurants, so we went to Jimmy John's for lunch, instead, and returned with our receipt. I looked for used music, while the twins looked for games. I quickly found a couple of discs I would gladly pay $4 and $5 for. I noticed that CD prices are low, generally between $4 and $8 for most titles, with a few important or popular works selling for more.Meanwhile, my boys found several used game systems, and had an idea. They had a couple of older game systems at home, a Sega Genesis and a Super Nintendo, and decided they could part with the Sega and all its cartridges. We went back later, Sega Genesis and games in hand, and they gave us a decent trade in value for it, considering it was a hand-me-down to us from some old friends who bought it new in the nineties!The boys spent their cash from the Genesis and some savings on a Nintendo Game Cube and three cartridges with four games they had never played. So they're happy, and someone else will be happy with our old system, as it still worked perfectly.While you're waiting for companions to shop or make up their minds, you can use the shop's Keurig coffee maker for a nominal fee, and relax while you browse or wait. They have several chairs, tables, and couches to hang out on.I love places like this, because they allow you to recover a little of your original purchase price for media and recycle it into someone else's used media that you haven't seen. It's a great way to clean off your bookshelves or clean out your media cabinet, while refreshing it with new things to watch, play, hear, and read. Finally, there's a clean, well-lit place to buy used media in the University area!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,7/13/2011,80,142,2,4,4>On the right track....Are you new to Charlotte? Maybe you are from the Buffalo, NY area or just a Michigan grad a little home sick for the M Go Blue. Well Tavern on the Tracks has got your back. This bar is kind of a home away from home for the aforementioned areas. I really dig the decor of this place. It really screams: Look at me I am a great old school bar. I stopped by to watch the NBA Finals game seven between the Lakers/Celtics. Just moving from Boston, I was rooting for the old home team. It was not meant to be as Lakers lead by their lead punk Kobe took out the Celtics as payback. This was a great spot to catch the game. The beers where cold and the food was pretty good. I really wanted the wings, which looked awesome, but decided to try the Steak in the Grass sandwich, basically steak with melted cheese and spinach on top. It was might tasty. The staff was top notch.So if you are in the mood to catch the big game or cold one jump on the train and check out TT!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2011,7/12/2011,187,1664,4,9,4>Watch out, froyo fans, there is a new game in town.  From what I can tell, the Frog is based in Virginia.  Unfortunately, their Twitter feed is completely stale, promising discounts that have yet to materialize after a year and their web site is dated, not even mentioning a Charlotte location as coming soon even though it is now open.  They do have a Facebook page, but it is mostly to express your love.In general, if you have been to somewhere like Yoforia, then you know what you are in for here - grab a cup, load up with your yogurt, pile on the toppings, weigh in (at 39.9 cents per ounce) and pay the piper.  Unlike some other outlets, only one current offering - the 'original' - is billed as tart.  The others are more traditional ice cream flavors, such as cake batter, cookies and cream, peanut butter, raspberry and so forth.On the taste?  It may be the smoothest, most normal I have tried - without that slightly off-kilter taste you can get into with some frozen yogurt.  Even the sugar free nonfat raspberry was pretty awesome.  You will, however, want to be prepared - the bright neon pink and green colors of the place are not always soothing, and the background music is appropriate for High School Musical, so you may want to pull up a chair outside.Also be warned - the staff, while friendly, is CiCi's friendly: They greet you on arrival, as you pull up to the counter, as you leave, etc... wallflowers need not visit the Frog!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,7/11/2011,49,143,,6,3>The food was sooooooo GOOD!!! I love Mexican food, so I eat a lot of it and I can tell when its authentic. this is one of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to so far in Charlotte. Not only do they give you a healthy serving but the customer service is great! I believe its family owned and the little old lay was just darling. Our food did not take long; margaritas and tacos! it doesn't get any better than that! Not only was the food good but I love the cozy feeling you get in there. If you haven't tried this place you should! its good and affordable.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,7/10/2011,75,80,5,5,4>I had a long debate with myself about whether I should round up or down from my TRUE rating, which is a 3.5.  There were many factors that led to the 4 stars: it's locally owned, amazing concept, and, well, the food was spectacular.  So I got the tempura shrimp tacos, and they were amazing.  I actually turned into a grandma when I bit into them and said to myself, "Oh my, is THAT GOOD!"  But it was!  The shells are chewy and golden, stuffed with crispy fried shrimp, amazingly flavorful coleslaw, and "pink gold" sauce which is very aptly named.  I ordered the squash casserole as a side, but was given the Mac and Cheese, which was totally fine; the waiter brought out the casserole too so I got both but I didn't care for it at all...the mac and cheese, however, was PHENOMENAL.  Slightly spicy, super creamy, it was like something out of a mac and cheese filled dream.  (the best kind of dream)  My only qualm was with the service.  It wasn't bad, not at all.  Our waiter was super attentive and came over many times to check on/chat with us.  Maybe...a little TOO many times.  He was a really sweet dude but it was honestly one of the most awkward experiences I've ever had in a restaurant.  Right after we got our food he walked over, stared at the table, and walked away again without saying a word, and later came over to ask us if we wanted to try the flavored water...after we had already finished our meal.  He also told us a few non-sequitur stories and then recommended a BBQ restaurant in Ballantyne without actually telling us it's name.  He was so sweet, though, so I feel kind of like a monster for saying anything, but I get extremely uncomfortable when strangers talk to me like, in the middle of the day, when I haven't been drinking.  I stammer and can't make eye contact and start to get red-faced and sweaty and it's just not a good look.But other than that, my Krazy Fish experience was great, and I'll be back for sure.  And you should go.  They're really nice there.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,7/9/2011,0,38,,9,2>As a child, I remember frequenting the Winn-Dixie that once stood where Grand Asia Market in Stallings stands today.  Unoccupied for many years, Grand Asia Market utilized the vacated space to launch an Asian grocery store as well as a restaurant one-third the size of the facility.Their inventory runs deeps and their prices are surprisingly affordable.  Their fish market offers an assortment of live and frozen fish including lobster and some obscure species.  Remarkably, the prices of their frozen fish were very low, some as low at $2.50/lb.  I do wonder if the quality of their fish is relative to the price.The store and restaurant are clean and decorated.  I can really appreciate the culture at Grand Asia Market; it's almost as though I've stepped over a continental border.Follow-up: I ate at their in-store restaurant today.  It was quite good, just a bit on the salty side.  My order of sesame chicken came to about $7.  I plan to return very soon.Grand Asia Market is closed on Mondays.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,7/8/2011,175,289,4,9,5>How many places do you know that serve sushi, burgers and burgushi (combine them both) in one restaurant? Exactly, none...for that reason Cowfish deserves a 5-star review. They back it up with their great food, menu and service. Been here at least 10 times and it's safe to say I've tried a lot of menu items. I usually sit at the bar because there's always a wait when I get there. Bartenders are knowledgeable and quick with their service. As for the menu. The sushi is really good. Not as good as some specialty sushi restaurants around town, but the rolls are unique and large. Recommendation...ask the rolls to be cut in 10 pieces vs. 8 so they are more manageable. The burgers are really good. This is my favorite part of the place. The Green Monster burger has avocado, pepparjack and jalapenos on it! They're also at least 1/2 pound...big! Choice of sides are abundant, but sweet potato fries are usually the norm. On a recent visit I went with the Ahi Tuna burger, which was very tasty and had a nice Asian slaw on it. But for something unique and light, go with the bento box...definiately for lunch. Comes with 5 sections. Small (4 piece) roll of your choice (think there's 3-4 options), a mini burger of the day, sweet potato fries, edamame and cucumber salad. A little bit of everything for those that can't decide because the menu is so BIG. My only two complaints are 1)the menu itself, as it's so big. Everything Ive had on it has been good, don't get me wrong...you just need a solid 5-10 minutes to look it over, hence the reason for multiple visits and 2) PBR tallboys are $5. From one who loves PBR, this is just a laughable price. I look forward to enjoying the large patio when the weather is warmer. This is the new hot spot of the Southpark area and it's well deserved.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,7/7/2011,71,209,5,7,5>I was lucky enough to be able to check The Diamond out for their soft opening last night and from what I can tell they are geared up and ready to rock Plaza Midwood's socks off.The fried pickles and burgers are just as good as (if not better than) I remembered them from around the corner. Rest assured, all your old favorites are here. But the menu also has a lot of delicious newcomers. I opted to go with the meatball parm sub. The meatballs and sauce were both nicely seasoned and the cheese was melted to stringy deliciousness on the top. Don't expect a side of fries, but hey, there are enough delicious sides available to order (ex: crab dip, pig wings, fried pickles, etc.) that you won't miss the "plate" style combination.The inside has been redesigned in a way that can only be classified as kitschy-chic. Bright blue vinyl booths (though there aren't a whole ton of them so keep wait times in mind when if you go right after they open), oversized utencil art, and vintage wallpaper all await you inside The Diamond along side a lot of familiar faces.I want to see how they run with a full crowd and sink my teeth into some more of the sizable menu before I go tossing around a fifth star, but so far it looks like The Diamond is ready to knock it out of the park!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,7/6/2011,33,176,2,10,5>Only been once but I can't wait to go back!! We had three of us in our party and decided to just sit at the bar, good thing Summer and Stella were A-Mazing!! I walked in and had a Pear Martini waiting for me God I LOVE my friends, and this drink, it was so good!! They have a great Happy Hour menu that last all night. ( I think)We started ordering off of the Happy Hour menu and we had the Tuna Bites- I really liked them they were like Tuna Tar-Tar on little wasabi crackers. French Country Pizza was really good too!! Shrimp Cocktail- comes with 4 you have to peel yourself but well worth it, they were big and delicious!! We had the Escargot, I opted out, not my thing!! We had the Truffle Frites anything with truffle is good with me!! Ok we had a lot of different things I can't remember everything now but I will say we had a great time picking through both menus offered and had a an even better time just ordering as we went!! I like Georges and will definitely recommend!! Sit at the bar its more fun!!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,7/5/2011,216,466,5,8,3>Hands down the best Thai in Charlotte.  I have had the red curry and the (darn i cant spell it) Massuman curry here along with the chicken satay.  The chicken satay appetizer is served with a thick peanutty sauce and a great side of cucumber and onion mixed with a sweet sauce.  To die for! The red curry is the best I have ever had in my life.  (Um ok I have never been to Thailand....just getting that out there.)  It comes with a side of rice.  The Massuman curry is like other places (like Monsoon) but a touch better because the sauce is thicker.  The owner says she uses a 90/10 split coconut milk to water ratio instead of the usual 50/50.  It is a TAD pricey, you can easily spend 16 bucks for lunch and have just enough food but it is worth it.  I didnt give it five stars because Jesus Mary and Joseph it is so far away!  And the decor of the place is a little McDonalds-y with Thai touches.  But the food and service are great!  Love you Siam Garden!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,7/4/2011,66,60,2,14,3>It was late on that hot and muggy Carolina Friday, and most places were closed, but their sign caught my eye. The smell of falafel was a delicious draw, so we decided to stop in. This is not a restaurant. This is a hub. The small restaurant was full of good sights, smells, and the chatter of friendly people in languages I didn't understand. Women in headscarves talked animatedly to eachother while scooping up laughing children to sit on their laps. Families talked to all tables as they sat down to delicious food.  Behind the counter, herbed beef, chicken, and lamb sizzled as music from Jerusalem sounded over the system. Meet Izzat. He opened La Shish Kabob about two months ago after moving his family here from Jerusalem. When he invites you into his restaurant, it's like he's inviting you into his home. We gladly took a seat.SERVICE: Astounding. Very pleasant and hospitable, and when I realized that I had accidentally ordered something with onions and green peppers (my friend is allergic), they instantly made another one and apologized even though it was my err. Instead of the original lamb kebab that was ordered, he made something that was a little different to better suit my friend's food requirements, without even being asked. And it was delicious.FOOD: If you've never experienced good Middle Eastern food, experience it here. They have all of the classics, from falafel to baba ghannouj. The tabouli was out of this world (so much better than I make, I'm going to have to snag his recipe), with that clean and fresh parsley, lemon and olive oil flavor. The kebab wraps (chicken and lamb) were flavorful and huge. They also sell the brand of mango nectar there that tastes like you're drinking a whole mango. Delicious. The baklavah and other goodies in the case looked mouth-watering, but I was too full. That comes on round 2.PRICE: This is the awesome part. A heaping portion of tabouli for two, two lamb kebab wraps, one chicken kebab wrap, and 4 mango drinks comes out to: $26. So cheap for not only the portion size, but the quality and freshness as well.When you walk into this place, you can feel that it's good people. If you stay, you'll quickly realize that it's good people, AND great food. When it's all over, you'll also see that it's all for a really affrodable price. I highly suggest giving this place some love, because it's one of the few places that will give it back.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,7/3/2011,93,189,4,11,6>Was there a time before Charlotte had banks,NFL football, Bojangles, and sprawling suburbs? YES.  Would you have known that by driving around this city? Not likely.  The Levine Museum of the New South is the antidote to an otherwise historically-deprived city.  The gorgeous facility on 6th St is worth a trip from visitors and residents alike. They have a permanent exhibit called "From Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers" and some substantial moving displays.  The permanent exhibit traces the history of Charlotte from the Civil War to the present-day.  Not a history buff?  No problem.  They have interactive displays, like a sharecropper's shack, a Belk's Dept. Store from the 1940's, and a faux church sanctuary among other stations.  You won't be bored.  This museum has really changed how I view Charlotte.  Even as a native NC who grew up thinking Charlotte was fabled cosmopolitan city, I was surprised to see how recently Charlotte had a small-town culture.  The past two to three decades of growth have left few vestiges of the old South.   The Levine Museum has a focus on social history.  Therefore, the exhibits give you a sense of culture, not mere facts and dates.  Unless you visit, you can't really wrap your head around ,the growth in the last part of the 20th and 21st century, understand what "gentrification" and development has done to the historical character of the city, and how newcomers have vastly changed the cultural landscape.  You'll understand that Charlotte is really rich in history, but that history hasn't been well-preserved.  Admission is a mere $6.  Some Sundays are free and Bank-of-America cardholders can go for free one weekend a month.  Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the past.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,7/2/2011,104,419,2,6,2>I love the bus.  No doubt about it.  I catch the 77X from H-ville to and from work and love the option to work, sleep, read, play angry birds, write Yelp reviews, etc. during my commute.  So totally relaxing vs. fighting that traffic in my car.  Not paying for parking, gas, wear and tear on the vehicle?  No brainer.I'd give 5 stars if there were rail that made its way up here to the hinterlands.  Look forward to that day!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,7/1/2011,49,306,3,7,4>If banh mi is done right, it is the indisputable king of food value.  Le's does it right.You can get a filling #6 (grilled pork) sandwich, on a baguette, topped with pickled carrot, radish, and cilantro, for $3.  THREE DOLLARS.  And it's delicious.If you call ahead and order a bunch of sandwiches (for all your friends/workmates/superbowl party platter), they will give you the option of packing the cold veggie toppings separately, so you can assemble them on your own and avoid the bread getting soggy from the veggie juice in transit.Add to that friendly and speedy service, and everybody's a winner.Top notch!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,6/30/2011,84,301,5,5,5>I had a huge, insurmountable craving for a salad slathered in Italian dressing last night. I was alone, so I did something kind of shameful...I set out to find the Olive Garden that was tucked away off of Independence Blvd. I found it, but much to my salad-craving chagrin, it was closed. Closed, gone the way of other Independence Blvd. businesses. So no unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks for me. I started thinking of where I might find some affordable, but good Italian food, and I remembered Portofino's. It's not in the nicest shopping center ever, but the food is really good, and the prices are very reasonable. For $13 or so, I got stuffed shells, a soda, crusty bread, and a delicious, delightful salad. I was pleased.The servers were friendly, and the service was quick. There was no line to wait, either, even on a busy Saturday night...so it's a far better option than some of the "fancier" Italian restaurants. Yes, this shopping center is kind of creepy, but Portofino's is worth it.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,6/29/2011,61,14,,10,8>There is no better coffee in Charlotte, and I'm not sure it's close.Not Just Coffee focuses on pour-over coffee and espresso drinks, however you can get a Mexican Coca-Cola, a Pellegrino and a few other things if you're looking for something else, or you're bringing along someone who doesn't like coffee.Pour-over coffee, in case you're not hip to it, works like this:  one serving's worth of beans is ground and put in a filter, inside a sieve-like ceramic dripper.  The beans are bloomed, then 210º water is poured slowly over it until the carafe under the apparatus contains enough for one cup.  It takes about four minutes, but it's well worth the wait.  It comes away flawlessly.James (the owner) gets his beans from Counter Culture, so they're locally roasted and carefully selected.  On any given day, he'll have 2 coffees, 1 decaf bean, and 1 micro-lot bean selection.  He's serious about his product, and it shows; he weighs the beans and the water.  He heats the carafe under the dripper, even heats up the to-go cup.  He takes care to pour the water over the grounds in a thin, continuous stream, moving in circles until the measured water is gone.  This level of detail is non-trivial, and I've never been in when the same attention wasn't paid to every last detail.Yeah, it's a little hypnotic, especially before I've had my coffee.Both James (glasses) and Brad (beard) are very coffee-savvy.  They aren't your typical Starbucks pass-through-while-attending-college employees.  Brad regularly wins the local latte art competition, for example.  Coffee is their profession.  I didn't realize what kind of a difference this made until very recently.  Those two are the extent of the staff, so you'll meet one of them.  (Identifying characteristics provided above for handy recognition.)I should also mention that the espresso is perfect, and served with a tiny biscotti and shot of Pellegrino.  Something about the acidity of the coffee and the slight alkalinity of the fizzy water make something I used to just kick back for the caffeine something I take a few seconds and smile about.I hear the espresso drinks are good as well, though I've not had any.  The atmosphere is interesting, and on the edge of the hood. The hours are quirky.  Parking is non-existent.  None of that matters: I can walk to NJC from my house, and consequently I've completely tossed my electric coffee apparatus.  It's become a part of my morning.  Go there, get a solid cup of coffee, and you'll never look at another mug of your home-brewed joe the same way.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,6/28/2011,199,213,8,12,7>I been to Yogurt Mountain few time now and I just love it. I love their decor, customer service and and I love the fact that they keep changing the flavors to keep it interesting for their customers. I was here last weekend and the whole store was packed. They were handing out the taste cups for people to taste them and some kids were just tasting one after another so I asked her, is that OK? she said ya we have it under control for the most part, we do get couple of folk like them but it's OK. So I asked, can I try one? she is like you already been here couple of times right? so I was like Yesss, and she said, relax I am just kidding. So she gave me couple taste cups to try them. I tried the one I never had before so decided to go with the new flavors. They even have a cool iPad type of unit at the checkout counter where you can enter your cell # to get couple code every week. Overall, I love all the flavors they offer, I love their taste, really dig their customer service.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,6/27/2011,112,425,5,6,6>This review started as a draft in January 2010 stating simply "Love that Larb!" It has sat unchanged since then, reminding me of responsibilities abandoned and tasks left incomplete.I first went to Basil in the week that it opened, and it was already near-perfect. The owner had started with a similar restaurant in Charleston and did a wonderful job of smoothly transplanting the expertise. It has since become a mainstay of uptown dining. The food is excellent without the expense and stuffiness of Bentley's or Capital Grille. These days the only danger is that the restaurant will be too crowded. On weekends reservations are essential, and often the small entryway will be filled with a hopeful but soon-to-be-disappointed crowd. Muscle through and claim your table.But I have one quarrel. Although the dinning prices are very reasonable, charging full price for take-out is a slap in the face.Oh! And their website has a great mobile version that is dead-easy to use on your iPhone/blackberry/android/whatever. Very slick.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,6/26/2011,217,84,6,21,15>Recently opened in NoDa, the Chop Shop offers you the kind of fun you can have "on the wrong side of the tracks."It is nice to walk past the throngs of customers still hankering for some fish tacos, outfitted in their dress casual and looking to soak up what is left of or still passes for the arts district in Charlotte.  Down 35th Street and across the railroad tracks.  Past the Ultimate Gym and to the front door of the Chop Shop.At over 15,000 square feet, the old warehouse building was bare just a few months ago.  No plumbing or electrical.  Now, the crew of owners has turned it into what very well could be the next viable music venue and hangout in Charlotte.Repurposed car parts and garage equipment adorn the walls, perpetuating the industrial feel.  And with a garage bay off the main room, I am told they wouldn't mind a few mechanics tinkering on a rat rod while live rockabilly fills the bar.Six dollar buckets of High Life and dollar pool on new tables make it just right for just chilling on a non-show night.  And the bar is fully stocked for those looking for refreshment outside the realm of reasonably priced beer.The jukebox is full of punk, grunge, metal, and rock and keeps the party going when someone is not on the expansive stage.I stopped in last week and enjoyed the Monterreys playing surf/spy rock and then watched Pulp Fiction on the two big projections screens that flank the stage.With bookings happening fast, its not long before word is out on this joint.  Its gonna get loud...
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,6/25/2011,9,70,2,2,3>Went for lunch today with some girlfriends and really enjoyed my experience. The staff was very helpful. The sprouted Quinoa-Kamet Veggie Burger is delicious! It comes with a side salad with fresh tomatoes, zucchini strings, dressing and a flavorful cashew topping. The burger itself was very flavorful and topped with guacamole, and red onions. The guacamole has a strong cilantro flavor, which was very refreshing. The bread for the burger comes toasted and because it's vegan it doesn't have any preservatives, so it's a bit on the crunchy side. The only issue that I saw was that they might have to invest in a faster credit card machine. The one that they had took a while to print off the credit slips for customers to sign.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,6/24/2011,208,546,3,6,2>It is hard to believe there was ever I time where I hated sushi because lately it seems I have been on a sushi eating binge. Went to K.O with a friend tonight- we ordered 4 rolls to split between the two of us spicy tuna, firework, Hiro, and Dragon. My total with a coke zero and 15% student discount (grad school is good for something : ) ) came to $14. The amount of food was crazy, we really should have stuck to three. The eat-in area is basically two stools and a counter- it was extremely uncomfortable. What made things worse is that we had to wait 40 minutes for our food! We had to check in a couple times and were more than a little miffed that it took that long and that we weren't pre-warned. Once our food came out the mood lightened up because we were in cheap sushi heaven! I was extremely impressed with the quality and freshness -you simply cannot beat the price! We barely finished our rolls but we did manage to stuff the last one down...again 3 rolls would have absolutely sufficed as I am in a food coma currently. Both of us enjoyed the Hiro roll the best - but all four tasted great.I will be back...for take out only.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,6/23/2011,155,972,3,7,5>Looking for a fun little park in Uptown? The Green is just the place! It's a perfect stop probably better suited for adults. Not sure how kid friendly it is since there are no swings or anything, although the theme is child-fun. However, there is a giant fish water fountain, but every time I have visited it is never on (then again, it's not summer yet). This park is conveniently located across from the convention center; it's a great refuge from any conference goer who needs some space and quiet or to sun bathe. There are a few restaurants lining the park as well if you forget to pack a picnic basket. Lately, the park has some additional art by Niki de Saint Phalle (same artist who made the Firebird outside the Bechtler). They are vibrant pieces and it's fun to see kids play around them.  During the summer, you can watch Shakespeare plays here. It's a great event and many people arrive early to lay out their blankets and have a picnic before it gets started. During the winter, like Michael E. mentioned, there is an ice skating rink.I really like this park, go here and you will too!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,6/22/2011,146,260,5,10,4>Well hello USNWC, you sure are an awesome way to pass the time! Just one minor complaint, I'm already paying a pretty penny to do some of the stuff there do you really need to charge me $5 for parking? And if you do can you make it so that you accept plastic?The park itself though is gorgeous! There's plenty to do from the climbing wall, high ropes courses, hiking/biking trails, flat water paddling, and of course whitewater rafting. I signed up for a 3 hour high ropes course and it included zip lines, some teamwork challenges, more zip lines, some tightrope walking, and was led by a very knowledgeable and fun instructor. I had so much fun that time just flew by and 3 hours was gone before I knew it! I'll have to sign up for an all day course next time.This is pretty much the only park of it's kind in Charlotte, and if you haven't been you really should check it out, just make sure you bring some cash for parking.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,6/21/2011,40,151,2,6,3>Halcyon's dining concept revolves around supporting local farms, dairies and wineries from the Carolinas. Approximately 85% of what you see on the menu is local and seasonal, making each dish fresh and unique. The menu is simple, and it changes daily to accommodate what's at the market. I went for restaurant week with a group of friends. We were seated immediately and received very good service throughout the night. From the restaurant week menu, I ordered: the cheese plate with truffled-honey, the vegetable lasagne and the bread pudding for dessert. All three dishes were great. The decoration is truly beautiful, both ethereal and earthy. I felt like a wood-elf.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,6/20/2011,16,54,9,4,5>As a man, I drink beer, eat fried food, don't read nor follow instructions until I've screwed something up, watch Hoarders without any pants on, use power tools, build things, and drink beer! Enter Northern Tool... it's a cornucopia of all things MAN!power tools, yard equipment, winches, tarps, storage bins, welding supplies, pressure washers and the list goes on and on.They carry name brand tools as well as some not-so-name brand tools but I've had success with the off brands with no problems.FYI - Their North Star series pressure washers wreak of awesomeness! They cost a few bucks more, but they are built like 90's Pam Anderson (before the whole Hepatitis thingy).Not a high-end retailer but it's not low-end garbage either. A nice mix of gear to quench your man sized thirst. You can even special order hard-to-find parts for your mower at their parts counter...(Disclaimer:The Parts Counter carries different hours than the normal store hours, the Parts Counter usually closes around 5 or 6 pm while the store stays open until 9pm or so. Call ahead of time to check the hours.)A friendly and knowledgeable staff is always there to assist your manly needs, whether it's a Hi-Lift jack for your Jeep, a sump pump, a new belt for your lawn mower, trailer lights, or a bottle of Anti Monkey Butt, Northern Tool has got you covered.(Disclaimer: If you're unaware of Anti Monkey Butt, Google It! Let's just say I chafe like a bear...) Did I just say that outloud?!?
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,6/19/2011,69,121,2,6,1>Ducked in to the Cupcrazed Cakery last night to kill some time and am truly won over!  As soon as you walk in the door, the inviting smell of sugary baked goods greets your nostrils.  The setting is much like a small coffee shop - cozy mismatched furniture, bright colors, fun patterns.  I ordered a bottle of water and a coconut macaroon-like confection.  Note: if you're like me and don't always carry cash, they have a $5 limit on credit cards.  My total was only around $3, so the very helpful baker behind the counter suggested I throw in a cupcake pop too.  This was tucked in my purse to be gifted to my sweetie later, who promptly devoured it.  I think he liked it.  Enjoyed my cupcake and water seated on one of the comfy couches, got out my book, and read a little while I ate.  I could have stayed there a lot longer if time had allowed!  Great spot!!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,6/18/2011,31,101,2,4,3>Finally decided to pay a visit here after taking the kids to Freedom Park - I've seen Pike's from the light rail and always wondered what it was like. Decor-wise it's a funky mix of old fashioned soda shop (complete with wooden floorboards) mixed with gentrified warehouse chic (complete with exposed girders). The outdoor patio looks really inviting and mellow, especially considering the location (busy corner in the South End). The menu has a plethora of diner/soda shop standards, notably burgers, sandwiches, and comfort food like fried chicken and meatloaf. The kids ordered the hot dog and grilled cheese kids meals, along with the upgraded milk shakes (of course!). Based on the advice from our server I ordered the Carolina Classic burger - you guessed it, 1/2 pd patty with chili, coleslaw, mustard and onions. Asked for their house chips on the side. Some observations: 1. The kids meals are impressive in both their size and quality - the hot dog was a kosher beef one, grilled perfectly. Came with two sides, fresh fruit and the house made chips. The grilled cheese was also high quality and overflowing with gooey monterey jack. For the extra $1, the small milkshakes are a steal! 2. The house made potato chips rock -perfectly fried and salted. Completely addictive. They should really create some sort of nacho dish with these. . .if you ladle their house made chili and sprinkle some cheddar on top you would have a heavenly appetizer. 3. While the burger was very good (cooked on a griddle, which I prefer) the chili was stupendous! Meaty, complex, thick - perfect for a burger and made me want to scoop up the leftovers with the chips! Service-wise, no complaints - prompt, friendly and honest. Overall this was a great experience and I recommend it to anyone in the Dilworth/South End/Uptown area. Great option if you are at Freedom Park or Nascar Hall of Fame and want a comfortable place for you and the family.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,6/17/2011,121,566,2,4,2>If there was an award for best new shop, this place would get my vote.  The most amazing steak I've had in years and I get to cook it at home exactly the way I want it.  They also make sandwiches and have all kinds of carry out items ready to go with your protein like mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.  A carnivore's dream...
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2011,6/16/2011,62,55,6,8,7>Great place to check out, even if you're not a huge nascar fan.. Everyone working was really friendly and willing to show you a good time.  The pit crew challenge was really fun!  I won... just saying.  The simulator ride is very similar to the actual "qualifying" simulators (which are free).  We had a few sub 2 year old kids, so we missed the movie and I won't be able to comment on it.  It's not really a place for young kids, even the "kid zone" is small and not a whole lot to do for younger ones.  There is also a nascar trailer and its neat to see how the inside of the trailers are set up in the tractor trailers that you see on the highway!  So Yea... I'll be able to say "I know what's inside" Booyea!!!:)They also have a sloped ramp that you can check out the Nascar cars evolution!  It's very interesting to see the progression of clumpy, non aerodynamic steel death traps to the fancy fiberglass ones that we've all grown up with.  One interesting feature of the ramp is that you can see the slope of the actual race tracks!  They're pretty steep! Yay... NASCAR!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,6/15/2011,64,504,,5,4>It's a good thing Birkdale Village has directory maps posted.  I never would have found T1 Tapas on my own.  Who knew that this side street even had anything down it besides residences, etc.?  We went to T1 Tapas for the first time Saturday night.  I must claim ignorance that I did not know everything about T1 prior to making my reservation.  I assumed it was just a modern tapas restaurant.  Wrong.  It's a wave-of-future restaurant AND a tapas restaurant, all rolled up into one.  You can peruse the menu on the touchscreen on your tabletop, order your food and drinks from there, too, and then kick back and watch music videos, movie trailers, read CNN news, etc. on your very own flatscreen TV on the wall.  It became more than a dining experience; it was an entertaining one as well.  The downside to looking at the menu on the screen was that I had to keep flipping back and forth or scrolling up and down or reading pop-up windows of menu descriptions, so it took much longer to decide on what to order.  It wasn't all in one place for easy viewing for newcomers who weren't familiar with all the choices.We opted to share the Tuna Tartare, the Tandoori Chicken Kabobs, and the Cuban Chicken Empanadas.  The tuna was a nice hearty helping of raw diced tuna, served with these light-as-air and very fragile rice crackers (that more resembled tortillas).  The Tandoori Chicken came with two big skewers of marinated spicy chicken, and the empanadas were thick and flavorful.  All of the food was very good, but they were definitely overshadowed by the large screens in our faces, which made them less memorable.  And every time someone set a new plate down on our touchscreen table, it messed up whatever we happened to be watching at the time.  It's a fun novelty, but I think the concept would get a little old after a few visits.  Plus, I think they'd need more unique tapas choices to keep me coming back.  Our server Joseph was great, though, and T1 Tapas is definitely someplace everyone should check out at least once.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2010,6/14/2011,104,306,4,8,5>3.49 stars it is. They seemed to have a pretty big sushi selection. However, not being much of a sushi lover, they had a good selection of hibachi entrees to choose from. i was content with the cost of my Ishi Shrimp selection ($7.25 plus 50 cents to add zucchini). The portion size was exactly right as I cleaned my plate and left with a full belly. Not to mention, it was solidly delicious.I did try one of Mrs. P's sushi and i could barely get it all in my mouth, it was ginormous (twss). It wasn't too shabby tasting. The interior of Ishi was kind of an ishi (as in issue...anyone? ...mrs. p?), although I was amused with the look of the sushi bar area (like a thatch roof Tiki vibe going on). The place actually had the appearance of a former Mexican restaurant and would probably not be the sushi place you go to impress a date. However, i thought our service was wonderful. Our server was very friendly, helpful with suggestions and they were always on top of our water refills. We even got a fancified orange at the end of the meal and  mints with the check.. We do not venture to this area often enough to likely make a return trip but it was a very satisfying dinner.Beer drinker note: Bud light, Miller Lite, Coors  $2.00Sam Adams bottle, Blue Moon  $2.50Heineken, Corona $2.75Sapporo, Kirin $3.00
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,6/13/2011,42,144,3,8,5>I have yet to find a better Chinese restaurant in Charlotte.  I actually bought my house in the neighborhood because we kept passing the Dim Sum place and I asked the realtor "hey, what's up that street in front of the Dim Sum" and there was my house, For Sale By Owner, I'd never have found it if it weren't for Dim Sum.  And when I moved in and my refrigerator didn't get delivered for 10 days, they pretty much fed me daily.  I was hooked.  Five years later, I still go there all the time, and every friend or family member who comes to town gets taken there.  I've never had anything that wasn't good.  Dim Sum on Saturday and Sunday mornings, with the little carts going full steam, is of course the big draw, but you can order most of the little dim sum treats any time you come in there.  Every now and then the waitresses will tell me that I should try some special dish.  I got a lamb hotpot that way that I've never seen on the menu since.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,6/12/2011,34,63,5,6,6>To quote the late-great Rick James; "Holy smokes and Gee Whiz!!!"Why, for the love of all that is holy, have I not been here before today?!?  Just as I was about to give up hope for a dinah-mite breakfast joint, I read Nicole W.'s review and braved the storms to try one more spot.  And boy am I glad I did!When I entered, the man with the golden spatula started cursing my choice of head wear (a Red Sox visor).  At that moment, I knew I was in for a great experience!I sat down at the counter and started to go thru the menu for possible victims.  I decided on the Shepard omelet.  While waiting for the food, i read about Mattie's Diner, and it's Homer-esque journey to Charlotte.  When the omelet arrived, it was as if the heavens opened and I heard the voice of my maker say, "You're welcome!"  OMG was it awesome.  No, it was beyond awesome, it was WICKED awesome!  The ingredients were fresh, the portion was plentiful, and the taste....oh the taste!  During the meal, I had a chance to talk to the owner/cook and the ladies that work there.  I had a great conversation about old school diners, and the lost art of breakfast.Overall, GREAT food, GREAT selection, GREAT atmosphere, GREAT people!  The price for the meal was more than reasonable, and well worth every penny!  It took me six months of living and searching in Charlotte for the best breakfast joint.  If you only have time to have ONE breakfast in Charlotte, I highly recommend Mattie's.  They truly are "dinah-mite!"  I'll be going back to try everything on the menu...and my eye is on the Hunka Hunka Burnin' Toast!Noosh!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/11/2011,17,166,3,5,4>My first visit to this wonderful museum and I came away being SO impressed by the Bechtler family collection of art that is shared in this wonderful museum setting that is picture worthy all by itself!I met a fellow yelper who was already familiar with this wonderful museum and took what he calls the Sun Dial Tour...meaning we took our time listening to the commentary for some of our favorites (some more than once so that we could clarify our discussion about some of the pieces). Niki de Saint Phalle's pieces were without question my favorite including the huge Firebird that can be seen on the street to the lime green and black 'Nana' which I think is my favorite...something about the piece (and the others in the collection) being shared along with the  story behind it just struck a chord with me!  The collection is quite varied and I would definitely recommend it as a must see for everyone!A close second in terms of favorite would have to be the Miro 'artist's rag' that was gifted to the Bechtler family - the way it is displayed, the commentary on the audio tour and just the simple 'wow' factor behind the piece is worth the $8 admission in my opinion.The museum staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and we spent a few minutes discussing a piece with one attentive employee, collaborating on what each of us 'saw' portrayed in that particular work - a wonderful interaction with him and an addition to a great experience at the museum.I will definitely return to the museum in the future (maybe sooner than later to revisit some of my favorite pieces one more time!).  The Bechtler is a wonderful addition to the Charlotte community, my only regret is that it has taken me so long to visit before now!My best suggestion is plan to take your time, take the audio tour and take a friend to share this wonderful museum with!  You won't be sorry you did!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,6/10/2011,761,516,2,6,4>After finding the reviews on Yelp and checking out the menu I just had to try this place...I'm in love with tapas restaurants ordering little plates of all kinds of yumminess.  I went to Soul on a Wed early evening I had not problem getting a table but by 7:30pm this place was packed full. The atmosphere is great just walk upstairs to a dim-lit bar with a few couches and tables to dine.  That is the only downfall though there is very limited seating so get there early if you want a table.I ordered the mushroom toast as suggested by a few other yelpers I was very impressed by the crispy bread sauteed mushrooms and a delicious fried egg.  I also ordered the cheese plate it was nothing fancy but was a heck of a lot of cheese for $8 and well worth ordering.  Everyone around us ordered the tuna tacos so I had to try them, they did not disappoint raw tuna, a crispy shell and some fresh guac on the side...the last dish was the pork souvlaki it was well seasoned and the tzatziki sauce was a great addition.One small little note on why I didn't give this place 5 stars I ordered a $10 glass of wine and it was more like a wine tasting. People if I buy a $10 glass of wine please give a girl more than just a taste. Thank You.Will I come again...hell yeah!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,6/9/2011,36,62,3,5,6>Came here on a Wednesday night and WOW the DJ was thumpin!! Seriously some of the best house I've heard in Charlotte. I think I'd rather frequent here than Charlotte's bug name clubs.This is a cool spot, I mean really uber cool!  I'm told they generally charge a cover, but I was let right in along with my guest.  When ya walk in you have a big open floor with a wrap around bar.  Walk around the bar and you'll see a few couches, then some kind of cabana/beds against the wall.  I think those may be VIP on weekends or something, but Wednesday night they were the make-out booths, hung out in one and joked around about the people in the booths... not many at first but by midnight they were all taken!Again the DJ rocked, or thumped... however you want to say it I loved the music.  Around 10 PM the dance floor is empty, but as the night goes on it fills up... with everyone and everything I think.  There is no dress code, can't be.  You'll see everything here and thats why I like it.  I saw a lady wildin out in tights a tank top and sneakers... but it was cool... I think she was rollin.  Everyone was super friendly, not a sole trying to be snobbish.Side note... there IS  a stripper pole.. now that made my day!  Except when dudes tried to get up on it haha.  Most of the time it was girls trying to climb the pole, and failing, then just spinning around.Outside is wicked.  A couple of long couches with a big fire table where you'd have a coffee table.  I mean it looks awesome, and will keep you warm in the cooler weather.So if your looking for a good time, not trying to adhere to a dress code, want to avoid the snobs, and just want to let loose come to Dharma!  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,6/8/2011,74,148,3,4,2>Having moved from the DC metro area with a ton of Peruvian chicken spots around, this place is a pretty darn good place to compare. It's not your average a hole in the wall like I was expecting. Their lunch combo #2 1/4 chicken is avg $$, comes with rice & beans, the beans I don't find that great. Their rice is saffron rice, not your usually plain white or garlic white rice. Chicken is lightly seasoned than average but still has that Peruvian kick. The white sauce is a bit tangy, also not used to and totally unexpected but it'll do.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,6/7/2011,69,395,2,5,2>Went to Big Daddy's for a burger and some Trivia on Thursday night.  Great choice!The location is great, right on East Blvd, and there is some parking lot space if it isn't too packed.  They have a great patio area and the inside is cozy sized.  On Thursday evening they had a few $2 beer specials which was nice.  I had the Frenchie burger, which is a Turkey burger with Brie and apples.  It was phenomenal.  I was hesitant to go with a Turkey burger since there were so many good looking beef options, but my server assured me I would not be disappointed.  I think the Brie really made it with it's buttery rich goodness.  The sweet potato fries were great as well.Service was pretty good, I would have liked more water refills but other than that very attentive.We stayed for Trivia, which was supposed to be at 9p but had technical difficulties that resulted in a later start.  Unlike the Ed's Tavern trivia I attended, this game was the real deal.  Cell phone cheaters were threatened with removal from the premises.  The trivia proctor, Kat, was very clear with her questions and the rules.  She had a wagering point system that added some spice to the game - felt like gambling!  Unfortunately we ended up at the bottom of the pack, but I could definitely see myself coming back for more trivia action and an awesome burger!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,6/6/2011,205,512,3,8,4>Can you say scrumptious?  Man, this place is what's up!  I mean seriously!  It's something about Italian food that makes me weak....I just love it.....but this place is just on another level.  Everything is fresh and homemade pasta.......homemade pasta?  Who does that?  Certainly none of the Italian spots I've been to.  All I can say is I hope this place is around for a very long time because I am in food love!I'll get to the food in a sec, but I was digging the plush dining upstairs and the incredible view of the qc.  They have tables and sofa's outside on both levels so I imagine it gets very lively in the summer.They start you off with bread and a bean spread that my 4 year old loved(I swear the kid will eat anything:-) The brushetta had a shrimp salad topping instead of the normal tomato mix, and it had a bit of a pepper kick to it, but it was good.  The bolognese and the smoked chicken and spinach agnolotti was some of the best Italian food I ever eaten.....ever!  I mean change your facial expression with every bite good!  Let's keep this place in business......for my own selfish reasons:-)
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,6/5/2011,42,129,2,5,4>Wow. Why have you all been hiding this little gem from me?  Is it because I'm from Boston and you think that I wouldn't appreciate good eastern Carolina barbecue?  I'm more well-rounded than that, I swear!  As a northerner, I did think (way back in 2009) that barbecue involved meat (pig or beef) and some thick sweet sauce.  Eh.  Fine with me.  I enjoyed it but didn't love it.  Eating barbecue from Bill Spoon's has opened my eyes to a whole side of barbecue that I didn't know existed ... whole hog, vinegar based barbecue.  No more sticky sweet, ketchup based sauces for me.  No more fatty pork shoulder.  I am a whole hog Eastern Carolina cue girl from now on.      I am giving Bill Spoon's five stars for a few reasons ... 1.) Totally not pretentious.  Very helpful.  Family owned.  I walked in looking a little lost and Steve (current owner and the grandson of the original owner) said kindly, "Sweetie, how can I help you?"  Not 'sweetie' in a cloyingly paternalistic or condescending kind of way, but truly concerned that I needed some barbecue guidance.  2.) Tastes great!!  Large portions of deliciousness.  Steve suggested I order the family pack (about $18) - 1 pound of barbecue, a dozen hush puppies and a pound of cole slaw - enough to make three plates or five sandwiches.  I decided to also order an extra dozen hush puppies (very wise decision), some baked beans, 6 sandwich rolls, and 1/2 gallon of sweet tea.  This easily fed four adults and three children and cost a little over $30.      It is my new go-to place every time I have an out-of-town guest.  I can't seem to understand why Mac's has 132 reviews and this place has 22.  If you want a cool bar to hang out at and drink some organic hard cider for $7 a bottle, go to Mac's.  If you want delicious, authentic, barbecue goodness, go to Bill Spoon's.  Tucked in quaintly beside the Taco Bell on South Boulevard... let that be your beacon to guide you to barbecue heaven.  As other reviewers have mentioned... they are only open until 3pm and they only take cash, checks, and promises ... according to their sign.  Plan accordingly.  You can eat in or take your order to go...  If you plan to eat your takeout promptly, they will bring it out warm, if you plan to heat it up later, let them know!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,6/4/2011,255,284,6,13,7>FINALLY! A giant international grocery store! As the newspaper article quoted, "50% Asian, 30% Hispanic, and 20% Middle Eastern". Awesome. Went opening day (today), that's how excited I am about this place. It definitely could use a lot of improvement, but it just opened so needs a little time to set everything up (empty shelves, undeveloped areas of store, less than fresh seafood). However, it's got the beginnings of a 99 Ranch Market-type store going on. I felt at home when I walked in, familiar foods, brands, smells (albeit stanky), and large groups of Asians actually exist in Charlotte! All kinds of spices, non-native vegetables, fruits (yeah, they have DURIAN, not that I'm condoning the eating of this rotten-meat smelling fruit, but it's here), almost everything you'd find in a 99 Ranch market. They have a big seafood section, frozen food section, varied produce section, and what looks to be the beginnings of a food court, maybe? No more having to go to Atlanta to stock up on my Asian staples. Right off busy Independence Blvd, the plaza Super G Mart is in is a tad sketch and in need of new patronage (a couple empty store fronts). Parking seems to be plentiful, for now. You know what would go perfect next to this grocery store (in those empty store fronts)? A boba shop. An asian bakery. KTV place. Okay, I'm getting way too ahead of myself.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,6/3/2011,151,1019,3,7,4>I still hear complaints from the people who were against this arena being built in order to lure another NBA team to Charlotte.  I understand that argument but I never understood why the old coliseum on Tyvola was there.  It was in the middle of nowhere.  Besides Jocks n Jills across the street, you had to drive places after a game or concert.  The old place was inconvenient.Now we have TWC arena in downtown and look what it has helped do to dowtown/uptown/center city.  Do you think the Epicentre would have been built without the arena being there?  I don't think so.  Look at all bars/clubs on college street also.  All of these places thrive because the arena is there.Anyway, I love this arena.  I've seen the Police here, Fleetwood Mac, Trans Siberian Orchestra, and a Checkers playoff game.  I've sat in the lower level, the upper level and a suite and they all have their advantages depending on the type of event.  i especially like the tickets I get through work in the suite. :)  The seats are more comfortable and you don't have to worry about letting people in and out of your row all the time.  Oh the free food is good too.  :)One of the best things about the arena is the train station adjacent, although after an event it is better to go up to 7th Street station to get a good standing space so you don't get pushed in the door like a sardine at the arena station.  :)
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,6/2/2011,90,98,3,5,3>This place is pretty darn delicious.  I have to be honest, the ambiance is not a plus.  It seemed like a chain restaurant trying to be posh.  Just didn't work for me...plus, not a big fan of restaurant booths.  However, the food is lovely.  Toasted Gnocchi with carrot and spring pea(4/5), a tad bit rubbery but I like my gnocchi a little stiffer...great fresh flavors that compiment each other nicely; Beet Pasta Ravioli (5/5)...yes please!  Beautiful and delcious; Rosemary Pappardelle (4/5), again, beautifully paired flavors...left my tummy feeling spoiled. Our server was friendly and gave us some great recommendations.While not the most romantic atmosphere, this is a place to get some great food.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,6/1/2011,84,110,5,8,7>This place is so cute and their baked goodies are delightful!  The employees are very friendly and helpful.  They don't have a huge selection compared to a place like Amelie's, but they still had plenty of tasty options to cause me to be torn on what to order.  I narrowed down my selections to either a peanut butter blondie (think blonde brownie but made with peanut butter) or the pumpkin whoopee pie.  The girls behind the counter recommended I go with the pumpkin and I was not disappointed.  It was absolutely delicious!They have a decent sized seating area.  I grabbed a table and read for a bit while enjoying my treat.  There was just enough foot traffic that it wasn't too quiet but it wasn't too loud to distract from my book.  I will definitely be back next time I need to relax and enjoy a treat.  I even feel good about eating unhealthy pastries here since I'm supporting other local businesses (they use as many local ingredients as possible) as well.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,5/31/2011,118,281,5,8,6>Hard to review Amelie's. It's so awesome, unique, good for CLT, comfy, all around kick ass, that I gotta go after the nits. Which are:Table immediately inside the door so that would-be lunchers break left and right, confused, and have to spend a sec asking "are you in line?" More than occasional space cadet order takersPrice inflexibility (adding things to, say, a lunch tartine can run you upwards of 2 bucks, if they let you do it at all)But, I never leave here having spent less than $10, and my theory is that there's some sort of weird hypnosis that gorgeous case of pastries triggers. All the color and perfect chocolate swirls, perhaps... anyways, when I come to, I've got not only my coffee and sammich but also a baguette, cup of soup and tart tucked under my arm (well, in a box, anyway).Take it from an NYC pastry hunter - prices on tarts, cream puffs, macaroons, etc. are reasonable, darlings. A perfect eclair is an extensive and laborious process.The vegan soup is deeelish, as are their other choices (seems there's always a veg or vegan option, so yay!).And 24hrs? Quelle bonne idée!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,5/30/2011,87,175,5,7,3>Forget the hustle and bustle of the Y.   [Village People singing] ~  It's fun to stay at the  M. C. A. C. !!At the MCAC you can lift, run, bike, and swim without being a part of the herd.. The pool will probably be a little cold to some because it is kept at competitive temps and is deeper than usual.. But you will look passed that when you see how clean and well kept it is.  There does always seem to be a swim team or two in there but they keep to their other pool and there are almost always open lanes for us folk.The gym portion is really cool.  It as free weights, universal machines, stair climbers, various bike machines, medicine balls, treadmills, and a TV.   The whole sha-bang.  You cant go wrong.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,5/29/2011,1252,934,3,12,9>So over the great and all powerful internet I kept hearing about VBGB (Very Big German Beer) Beer Hall and decided to check it out on this fine and sunny weekend.I didn't realize they had JUST opened and with their lighting of the old JFG coffee sign, knew this place was ol' school cool.Now the space is simple and sparse when it comes decor.  Wood benches the average joe could build in their back yard.The kitchen is to the right and you have to place your orders there...so eating at the bar is a bit self service as it is outdoors, though the lovely ladies behind the counter did offer to bring it too me.So for the inside.  The U shaped bar has a mixture of seating with some cool fixed high benches.  What you may miss is just along the perimeter is what looked like to me was "salt" in a trough, when in fact it is a chilled surface for which to place your Stein to keep it cold........cool.......and I mean that both in the hip sense and literal sense as well.  The taps show the temperature (27 degrees when I was there), though for beer that cold, there mugs were not and being in the south, the beer warms considerably in a short amount of time.  My recommendation to them is to also chill the mugs to make the temp complete, but for this visit.  The beer was "cool" for a warm day like today.As you move outside, again the basic benches and a very large stage in the center all of which is dwarfed by the huge JFG sign over the top of the building.There are a few umbrellas, so shading during the day is possible, though limited......for a bar in the south hopefully someone southern works there and knows that we folks don't like sitting in direct sun unless it is the coast of NC or SC or by the pool or lake....other than that we want some shade.Ash trays abound outside, so looking into the future you can be damn sure you'll be blown out by smoking sitting out here at some time.  Personally, they should have created a smoking section.......because in this day and age most folks just don't care to drink and smoke at the same time.........particularly when they don't smoke at all.Stein prices are "interesting."  What I would consider a large mug of beer averages around $6 to $7.  Larger steins run on average around $12 and they sell pitchers which I believe are in the $20 range..............wow.  I remember back in the day pitchers were $5 to $6, but this beer is of much higher quality.  There are about 40 beers to select from and many have higher alcohol content.Wait staff were VERY helpful in guiding me in beer selection along with providing sample tasting.  In addition folks kept coming by asking me if I was ok..........and in this town I'm finding folks do that less and less.  This place ACTS like it wants my business and my money.........do that and you'll have it.....act like it is a privilege to be there and I'll take my coin elsewhere.Their timing was perfect.......summer is upon us, so if you get a hankering for some beer hall actions, head on down to VBGB for good beer, great staff, and no doubt good times.Wide open spaces....lots of tables
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,5/28/2011,1034,436,8,12,8>Too funny, first of all Julia S and I set out today to use my coupon book and where do we end up? Cafe International with no coupon. We get way suckered into fun. We just can't help it. Julia S told me she wanted to go to Cafe International because taxis were always outside, little did we know  some of the Cafe International family drives cabs.  A man with a Carolina Cab jacket sat us and gave us menus.  I loved this.We sit down to a crazy, festive little restaurant, with a bar and a tiny room off to the side with a pool table. Very interesting. They stay open till 2a and serve food til midnight. So if you need get your injera (Injera is a yeast-risen flat bread with a unique, slightly spongy texture.) on before midnight, this is the place.We shared a veggie plate with salad, greens, lentil mush mix and a potato, carrot, onion mixture. I have to say, I loved it, it's quirky and comforting. If you haven't eaten Ethiopian food, you don't get a fork, just go for it, scoop up everything with the blanket of bread and most importantly, the food is served on the injera, start with the injera with the food on it. These are the best bites. Don't wait til you are full to start enjoying the most perfect bites.It was also very inexpensive, our lunch was $10. I have been craving Ethiopian food for two weeks, you would think that I had my fill, it's really just unleashed the beast. I want more.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,5/27/2011,87,274,9,9,8>This is a hole in the ground kinda place... you heard me, I said ground not wall, considering you literally walk down a narrow stairwell to get to the little door in order to discover this little establishment.  By the way, I do mean LITTLE, I've seen someone's bathroom bigger than this joint.Let's be real peeps... this place is put in the "Dive Bar" category for a reason.  Besides, the place is called "Jeff's Bucket Shop,"  I seriously for the longest time don't even know of its existance... or what the heck Jeff is selling by the bucket, or if Jeff is trying to sell buckets, or who the heck is Jeff?!  So yes, there maybe a little weird smell (frankly I don't even pay attention to it, and I have a super good nose, but I do have high tolerance for "weird smell" courtesy of my heritage lol).  My personal suggestion is stop asking what the heck that smell is (because you probably don't want to know) and just keep drinking.I have been here mostly on Fridays and they have karaoke.  I think they have karaoke on other nights too.  Not sure if they always have the same host, and if he is the regular, let me warn you, he doesn't play... he will gong you off that stage like you're on Apollo if you are seriously tone-deaf.  This place gets packed.  So if you have issues with being too crowded, well... not sure if you want to sardine your way into here on a weekend night.  And again, if you are the high-er maintanence type, you may want to stick with your "safer" choices and go next door or across the street or uptown.  But honestly, it's always a good crowd, nice people having fun together, beer isn't too expensive, and I always have a blast here.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,5/26/2011,53,163,2,3,3>Came here to watch the Giants game since it wasn't on at home.  Decided to partake in some $2 mimosas and my friends tried the $3 bloody mary's.  We knew we'd be here for a while so we decided to eat smething right away and then again later.  I had the wings in the barbalo sauce, combo of buffalo and bbq.  They were really good, had a bit of a kick but it evened out w/the sweetness of the bbq sauce.  My friends had fried green tomatoes, which I didn't try but have had them and I really like them, and spinach and atrichoke dip, that was really good too.After a few hours we decided to eat again and we had grilled cheeses all around.  My nephews had them here once and we all kept stealing bites because it was so good!  I got mac and cheese as a side and the others got fries and sweet potato fries.  Grilled cheese was delish but the sides are not their strong point.  Fries are bit soggy and the mac and cheese was okay, but I didn't find myself digging in like I normally would.I like it here, the beers are decently priced, its a nice bar, and the staff is pretty good.  I was here early so parking wasn't an issue, but I know it can be.  The clientele was very mixed, there were families, couples out for brunch, some elderly people, plenty of rowdy football fans, but nobody off putting.  All in all I like it here and tend to forget about it.  I will def be back!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,5/25/2011,67,165,2,14,5>I tried out Woodlands on the recommendation of a friend (who happens to be a vegetarian) with a group of girls on President's day as we all had it off of work. I'll be honest - I've not had great experience with Indian food, but this restaurant completely changed my mind. It was literally the best pure vegetarian food I've ever eaten. We decided to get the full experience and share a bunch of dishes around the table. Here's a list of what we ordered: Appetizers Samosa Chaat - chopped samosa topped with wheat crispies, yogurt, tamarind and mint chutney - this was literally the best item I had at lunch. It was the perfect blend of texture and flavor and set the bar high for the rest of our meal. Dahi Batata Puri - cripy dough topped with yogurt, potatoes and chutney - very delicious but also quite rich. Lunch Pesarat Masala Dosa - green lentil crepe - this came out looking like a huge pancake, and it was almost as delicious. The dipping sauces were quite good and gave the crepe a bit more flavor. Chana Batura - large puffy bread (think elephant ear with no cinnamon/sugar) with chana masala (chickpeas in delicious sauce) - great item for someone who has never tried (or says they don't like) Indian food. It had great seasoning but wasn't too spicy. The bread was great with everything we had on the table. Palak Paneer - spinach and home made cottage cheese with tomatoes, onions and spices - my second favorite thing we ordered - I paired it with the puffy bread just to change things up a bit. That puffy bread is good with everything. Gobi Manchurian with gravy - marinated cauliflower sauteed with ginger, garlic, green onions and soy sauce - the sauce was absolutely divine. Gobi Paratha - whole wheat bread stuffed with cauliflower, potatoes and spices - this was my least favorite item we ordered as it was very spicy (even though the menu says "mildy spiced"). It was still good...but something had to be my least favorite, and this was it. Parking was not a problem and it's not too far from uptown. The food has no trans-fat and there is an organic menu available. Tables don't turn over very quickly, so the restaurant seemed full the entire time we were there. I highly recommend this restaurant and will be going back soon to try out some new dishes.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,5/24/2011,142,86,3,6,3>I have been driving by this place for months thinking "I really should stop one of these days".  So tonight, thanks to Nicole W's foursquare check in, I got inspired.  The pizzas are huuuuuuuuge!  If you check on foursquare you get free garlic knots :)  The pizza was the perfect combination of chewy and crunchy.  Definitely going back to try some traditional Italian dishes.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,5/23/2011,85,62,4,4,4>Great great great!  That's how I would describe my experience at Nakato.  The service was great, my fellow vegan yelper was told all about menu choices by are waitress, something you don't often get at a restaurant.  The drinks (Mai Tai's) were delish and very strong at that!  What made the dinner though, aside from the great company, was the food itself.  The soups and salads were amazing, the chef was fun and efficient.  I had the shrimp and chicken hibachi combo - and I honestly had no complaints...you get fried rice, a salad, soup, noodles, and the shrimp and chicken - it was sooo much food!  The sauces they provide are tasty with free refills, and the chef was on top of it the whole night.  If you are in the university area and are looking for a really nice Japanese hibachi grill, Nakato is definitely worth a trip, I certainly will be back!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,5/22/2011,61,87,3,7,7>Thank you my fellow Yelper's who suggested this place. It was fantastic! Clean, inexpensively priced, great service, and the food oh the food.... They delivered the standard chips and salsa to the table and it came with a hot salsa option. My favorite, the hotter the better. It was excellent and I haven't even gotten to the entree yet. The guacamole .... very good. Followed all that up with a swan dive into my Chicken Tacos (I battled getting the Chicken Tortas - Mexican Sandwich). It was awesome and for 1.69 each how can you go wrong. Topping off this off with a cold Corona and what do you get...? I'll tell you my friends.... Bliss - that's what! I never would have tried this place had I it not been for all the 5 star reviews because from the outside it doesn't look like much. La Unica means "The One" and in the Huntersville area it certainly is for me.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,5/21/2011,78,188,2,4,2>According to this reviewer, this is the best Mexican food in Matthews.  Each meal comes with a complimentary basket of chips and salsa, and the portions are very generous and generally delicious.  I highly recommend the Arroz con Pollo.  Service is prompt and polite, and the interior is clean and charming in a constructed-before-we-were-concerned-about-­stereotypes sort of way.If you are in Matthews, this is a much better bet than Monterrey or that sketchy place downtown.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,5/20/2011,196,213,8,8,5>Curry Laksa: Can we say delish? Even I, the Asian guy needs a break from the run of the mill Chinese, Japanese or Thai food. That's where Cuisine Malaya comes in. Malaysia contains a plethora of Asian ethnicities, and each culture's influence can be readily seen in the food. It goes a little something like this: Chinese food has Indian influences, Thai food has Muslim influences, Indian food has Chinese influences and somewhere in that hodgepodge is a little Indonesian and something like that. To the novice, this might seem like just another Asian food joint. To the veteran eater, it's so much more. Now the food might look similar, but I can assure you, it tastes completely different. That's what Malaya is. Many of the dishes looked so familiar to me it made me nostalgic. Once I had a taste though, I had a "WTF" moment, but in a good way.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,5/19/2011,306,1103,6,7,5>I finally had the pleasure of stopping in Central Coffee today after seeing numerous tweets from them about their coffee of the day, business hours, etc. I had coffee in house, served in a mismatching saucer set-just my style.  I'm not a saucer kinda girl at all but it was lovely and so was the Central Shorty. I kept looking for images of Jesus or the Virgin Mary in my coffee but no go.However, I think I saw a heart  which was appropriate because I fell in love with CC today. This is going to be my new go to spot for coffee and free Wi Fi access when I'm in the Plaza area.None of the patrons looked the same like they do at other coffee establishments and don't believe I saw anyone wearing a J Crew item-love. Plus no brats running wild, so yes CC, you have won my heart. I want to be a Central Shorty!!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,5/18/2011,75,581,5,10,5>Loved this place, I love supporting the local restaurants as apposed to the larger steak chains in the area (cough cough: Sullivan's, Flemings, etc...) This place looks like an old Pennsylvania lodge from the 80's playing rat pack music - kind of cool. Service was excellent!! (oh - and 1/2 price bottles of wine on Thursdays!) Here is what was ordered: cheese spread at table - awesome oysters Rockefeller - perfect salad - average steak fillet medium rare - PERFECT and tasty!! lobster - above average and delightful scallops - local from Virginia and perfect baked potato - loaded and yummy! chocolate dessert - average key lime pie - really great! I would go back for sure!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,5/17/2011,149,99,3,5,2>Free pool and cheap drinks make this a cool place to hang out.  But, the wheel of shots make it a rad place to party.  Spin the wheel and hope it doesn't land on something you hate, but if it does you better drink it, sissy.  I had to do a Stagger Bomb last time... Red Stag (that swill that Kid Rock hocks) & Red Bull.  I would never choose that, but the wheel had spoken. (ha SPOKE-n, get it?) Another great dive bar in the Wood.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,5/16/2011,14,112,7,9,3>I don't like cake.  I had birthday pie for years.  Always figured that if I decided to get married that I'd have wedding pie.  I don't like cake.  Tizzerts, I loved your cake.  I was just hanging out at FABO (see my fabulous review of FABO) minding my own business and feeling pretty cool because I was surrounded by 4 wonderful ladies and the lovely Peggy twisted my arm and forced me to eat carrot cake.  I don't like carrot cake.  I loved this carrot cake.  It tasted like something I like:  carrots.  I ate the center out of the chocolate cake.  I liked it.  More arm twisting.  I tried the frosting.  I don't like frosting.  Too much sugar.  How do you make frosting that doesn't taste like a bag of sugar?  I liked your frosting, Tizzerts.  You're like the anti-cake cakery.  I'm impressed. If you like cake, you will love Tizzerts.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,5/15/2011,175,207,4,3,2>This is hands down the best gym in Charlotte (sans the parking lot, of course!). I could repeat what all other Yelpers have said about the amenities, classes, amount of weights/equipment, but I think the best part about this YMCA is the staff. Always cheerful and attentive, they really make you feel comfortable and encouraged when you walk through the doors. That's something that a person like me (aka I will NEVER EVER EVER love going to the gym) really appreciates and finds helpful in sticking to my 4 days a week program!Another plus is no kids - after coming from the Morrison YMCA in Ballantyne, it's really nice not to have to dodge screaming little ones in the hall or wait for some 14 year old who improperly uses equipment to get done so I can work out!Price wise it's higher than other gyms, but you always get what you pay for and they offer Financial Aid to those who need it!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,5/14/2011,115,369,3,3,2>I wandered into Heroes Aren't Hard to Find after observing their Comic Book Club discussing the mini-series Daytripper while in Sunflour Bakery. They have a great selection, friendly staff and great prices for past issues  (for old XMen, Spiderman, etc comics).I spent quite a while browsing and felt like I was my teenage self again- burying my nose into the most recent New Mutants comic. Oh Heroes, I'll be back soon!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,5/13/2011,76,167,1,4,2>Press is by far one of my most favorite spots to go in uptown Charlotte.  The wine selection is huge and you can spend anywhere from $12.95 per bottle to over $100.  The service is excellent.  The servers are knowledgable and helpful.  They have recommended great wines to me based on my personal preferences.  Nicole and Tiffany are two of my favorite servers.  Also, the manager Marie can be found walking around the restaurant on an almost daily basis.  They take care to get to know their customers on a more intimate basis.  In terms of food, my favorite dishes are the Signature Press Roll (sushi) and the Pulled Pork BBQ Quesadillas.  Just be aware the sushi is not served until after 6PM.  Their homemade guacamole is outstanding.  If you order the quesadillas you might want some extra!Press is a great place to just hangout with friends or go on a first date!  It is a versatile, and welcoming environment!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,5/12/2011,126,906,5,5,4>Recently did a take-out order @ Wing King.  I usually make the trip out and sit down to take my time with the wings... but I was on my way somewhere and needed to get something on the way.Even though I was taking out, the wings were exceptional.  My only complaint was that the aroma of the freshly made wings made me so hungry in the car driving to my buddies place that I was actually drooling in the car wanting to beat all the red lights so I could eat them!  I didn't time myself, but I probably set a record for how fast I consumed my wing order with cheese fries!
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,5/11/2011,47,112,3,5,3>I love Good Food!  This place is great all around and usually pretty busy which is always a good sign.  It's a great place to go and order several tapas entree's to share.  The Price Edward Island mussels in green curry, coconut milk & cilantro are one of my absolute favorites.  Dipping some of the dinner bread in the curry sauce is the way to go.  I could eat this everyday I think!The braised lamb tagine with Moroccan spices & dried fruit is quite the treat as well.  It really doesn't sound that great but it's very tender and encompasses just the right amount of fruit and spices.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,5/10/2011,7,41,4,8,3>I'm a person who takes her shoe collection VERY seriously and I don't hand it over to just anyone. But I will hand it over to the folks at Belk's shoe repair. The lady there does great work for a good price ($8-10 for heel repairs) and good turnaround (2-3 weekdays).What makes her so good? For one thing, if you take in shoes to be resoled, she'll tell you if you just need the heels fixed. And if you want something repaired and it can't be done, she'll tell you up front, as well. But the best thing is that, whenever I take shoes to her, they always seem to come back to me a little spiffier and a little shinier. Like I said, I care about my shoes. And I'm glad Belk does, too.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,5/9/2011,92,370,2,3,3>This is one of the times I really wish we could do half stars, cause 5 stars should only be for perfect meals and it wasn't quite there, but it was close.  A definite 4.5From reading the other reviews I kinda wonder if this is the same restaurant.  We called 45 mins in advance on restaurant week, and they said no problem.  Place was packed when we got there, but we were seated right away.  Chips, salsa, and water almost instantly.  We were obviously wanting drinks, so our waitress asked quickly, but it took us a while to decide.  She came by 3 times before we were ready.  Finally said Partita Margaritas for all.  Sweetened with agave nectar, so not too sweet and better for you.  We had the table side guac, that I thought was pretty tasty.  Was hoping for a performance or something of the sort, but was still nice.I had the tortilla soup, good, but not memorable.As per entrees.  I sat and looked at all the taco's over and over.  I wanted to do the mix and match of 3, but everybody else at the table was doing that.  Knew I could just poke at those.  I went for the Salmon with Manchamantel Sauce.  Never heard of it before, so what the hey.  The sauce was simple but spot on.  A kind of fruity puree with adobo sauce.  SPOT ON!  The salmon was tasty but a hair over salted.  No consistency between every body's sides.  Corn with queso fresco was awesome, plantains were pretty good.  Red chile rice and beans were good also.  They messed up on the cole slaw.  no papaya, very little pineapple.  Mostly just raw cabbage.  Have had better at crappy hot dog carts.  The sauteed greens were so salty there were barely edible.Then dessert, OH YEAH!  Not normally my thing, but i did the restaurant week deal and nobody else did, so figured I'd share.  Mango crisp was like grandma's apple pie with Hagen Daz ice cream.  Highly recommended.A little pricey for Mexican, but you can get out pretty cheap compared to the rest of the epicenter.  A must try if your in the area.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,5/8/2011,12,102,3,8,4>Ace came highly recommended by several sources so I decided to go and get my first tattoo done. Lil' Tommy was the artist that worked with me. He was very patient with me (I kept changing my mind) and he kept it real with respect to my expectations. His honest attitude was refreshing. Am very happy with the end result and plan to go back when I'm ready for another one.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,5/7/2011,32,84,3,5,2>Pretty good soup/salad/sandwich place in Uptown.  I usually get the soup/1/2 sandwich combo (and always the grilled veggie sandwich, which has been consistently good).  Their salads look pretty amazing, but I've yet to partake myself.Newk's gets packed at lunch, but despite the seeming chaos, the people who work there seem to be busting their rears and getting the food out as fast as they can. And, even though it seems slammed, you can usually find a place to sit pretty quickly.  They have 4 soup options that change everyday, but, be warned--most of their soups are fatty fatty cream-based (including the tomato!??), so you always have to ask which soup is broth-based. My only complaint of this place would be to lay off the cream-based soups!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,5/6/2011,103,276,4,5,4>As a fan of the Attic, upon hearing the news of changes I was a bit skeptical, but I have to say I really like the new space. Not only is the bar the whole top level (Madisson's is gone as well), the patio is larger (the website says 1,000 sq feet), the ladies room is larger, and there are two tap tables. The bars have been condensed into one long piece, running about 2/3 of the way down the wall. A huge dance area, a few games, a photobooth, and scattered high tops fill the large space. There is also seating along some of the back walls with a wide bar height ledge, and a nice window between the porch and the bar so you don't have to go back inside to order your drink!I have to note I stopped in during one of their slower times, so I have no idea how maneuverable the place is at capacity. (which I was told it had reached a few weekends in a row) The bartenders were courteous, the music was only deafening at random, and overall I was pleased with it. Oh, and apparently they sell popcorn and hot dogs.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,5/5/2011,39,60,4,3,4>I've been once for lunch and again another time for dinner. For lunch I had a really tasty roast beef sandwich with some great fries. We started dinner with sweet potato tater tots skewered with bacon glazed with maple syrup. It was as good as it sounds. It was so good that I don't remember what I had for dinner. I guess that ends this review.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,5/4/2011,92,226,2,10,5>I felt like I need to provide a current Andrew Blair's review because a lot of these are outdated. Gone are the days of the packed house, dress code and club scene. They've attempted to rebrand with a new countrified logo and feel.  I am personally not a fan of the new AB logo with the wheat behind it but I appreciate their effort to have a more "comfortable" neighborhood feel. I saw several people in tshirts, shorts, jeans and sunglasses. Maybe it was the NRA in town but I even spotted some decidedly "red" folks.  So maybe it is like a country club, but in Gastonia. :)Their decor hasn't changed, so it still feels like a nice place, but definitely softer and more comfortable than say a Liberty gastropub. Opt for outdoor seating if the weather cooperates. Even on a hot night the fans keep the air moving and it was nice. They had a sangria special- it tastes fine enough but lacks the fun fruit you can munch on like at Sole, so I'd skip it for their nice wines.We had the meatloaf with mac and cheese and green beans. I really enjoyed the green beans- they were cooked perfectly and still retained a little snap to them. The meatloaf was also very nice.  We also had the filet mignon.  They had one misfire on temperature, but their make good efforts were overwhelming- best I've seen of any restaurant.  The remake of the steak was cooked perfectly, they replated it with new sides. The manager was very concerned about our happiness and took a lot of time talking with us.  She also invited us to their new brunch on Sundays. They apparently have a creme brulee french toast that looks divine. I wonder if it can compare with 131 Main's granola french toast?  But I digress. The portions were not large enough for my hungry man so we ordered a side of mushrooms which were nicely seasoned with shallots and scallions. We were offered two chocolate bourbon truffles at the end of the night which were lovely- not too sweet, and solid texture. We opted out of dessert (a shock to both of us, I know). I would like to go back for their Pinot Thursdays where they do Pinot Noir tastings on the 3rd Thursday of every month. Final tip: Citipass coupon book has a buy one get one free. So all in our meal cost $40 including a generous tip. So given that, the value was great.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,5/3/2011,24,91,2,5,3>My general opinion of Pewter Rose has been that it's a little pricey, a little fancy, and a little short of veggie options for me to go often.  That said, I'd been wanting to try this famous, every day brunch everyone had been talking about.We went for brunch on New Year's Eve, and it was fantastic.  The place was pretty quiet, but not TOO quiet, and we had decent service.  The house hot tea (a black tea with hints of chocolate) was great (and often refilled), and the butterscotch scones lipsmacking.  My huevos rancheros thew me off for a moment with their poached eggs disguised as dollops of sour cream (so clever! so cute!), but I was delighted with the black bean salsa and the cilantro dressing.  I order huevos rancheros pretty much everywhere I go, and the Pewter Rose version measured up nicely.My husband had the bananas foster french toast, which, while too sweet for my brunch palate these days, was pretty damned delicious all the same.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,5/2/2011,103,218,3,4,3>If nothing else, Bistro gets my vote for Charlotte's ugly duckling award.  Who knew a strip mall best known for it's Dollar General and its proximity to the train tracks could turn out such a pleasant little restaurant with the promise to become something great?Made it out here for brunch last week with the wife and a mutual couple friend after reading all the Yelp reviews that told me not to judge by the exterior of Bistro. So glad I listened to them!First off, I'm not a big fan of buffets at any time of the day, but a breakfast buffet especially reminds me of Shoney's and its Big Boy mascot who tried to teach me as a youngin' that french toast can actually be made as identical strips that are uniform in texture and color.Luckily, Bistro made a believer out of me.  It probably helps that the waffles and french toast come made to order direct to your table along with eggs and bacon served family-style.  The buffet was a great mix of fresh fruits and salads, and then a number of hot dishes for both those meat-lovers amongst us and our more vegetarian friends.  I skipped the meats completely and was more than full on the roasted vegetables, sweet potato hash, fresh fruit, and the wide selection of baked pastries and breads on the sideboard.  However, I am told the roast was wonderful. I also liked the fact that the head chef was constantly outside of the kitchen monitoring the buffet for himself.  He made a point to ask myself and other diners if we had any questions about any of the dishes.  Now that's service and the kind of thing that shows me this buffet is not going solely for maximum volume of food.  And did I mention the $3 Mimosa specials with brunch?  Seriously can't find much to bicker with here.  Just make sure your dining companions are either local or get a prep talk that you're not taking them to Sketchville for a hobo meal.  This ugly duckling is a swan inside.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,5/1/2011,25,55,4,5,5>After going to a different salon for four years in Charlotte, I decided I wanted a new stylist.  Two very stylish friends of mine both go to Volume Salon, so I decided to try it out.  I absolutely loved the salon, my stylist Dena, and my haricut!  When I went in I explained what I didn't like about the last cut I received and she was able to fix it in a snap (...or a snip?!)  It was so easy to describe what I was hoping for to such an expert.  It's a little pricey as far as standard cuts go, but to me it was well worth it.  I will absolutely be back to see Dena soon!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,4/30/2011,81,304,2,3,5>The food was just plain good. The serious standouts of the meal were the fried zucchini (batter was reminiscent of a tempura), the not sweet but so buttery and good cornbread, and the comparable biscuits. My pan fried chicken was quite tasty, although I personally prefer my fried chicken deep fried. My friend raved about the tender goodness of his oxtail.We all did go for meat+3 BUT I noted that they also offer "big plates", I suppose to appease those people who look down on meat + 3 out of principle. They read more like entrees so I suppose thats what they are.Anyway.  Even though the place is basically a charity, it ain't charitable to eat here.  It's well-deserved.  Darn good cookin'.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,4/29/2011,46,86,8,9,3>Driving up to the place, you contemplate if you should have brought your bullet proof vest. You pull in, see that nothing has been touched since 1950, and fall into deep thought about the greatness that's going to enter your mouth. You look at the menu (with taped over prices) and order through the original Alexander Graham Bell phone. Can't understand what the lady is saying back to you? WHO CARES!! All you need to do is order the BBQ Minced sandwich and a 1/4 BBQ chicken (white meat). Yeah, some people say the sandwich could have more BBQ sauce on it, but those people need to walk out onto Wilkinson with their eyes closed.You won't find another place like this in the world, i promise...I've looked. The people that work there make this place especially unique. The guys are funny, quick, and they were shirts with holes in them.Overall, if you are in Charlotte, you better go there. Make sure you bring Cash with you because Credit Cards are not allowed.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2011,4/28/2011,49,51,2,5,2>My friend LB and I wandered into the Mint Museum Randolph in pursuit of the Platform Shoe Exhibit which we had been seeing signs for all over town.  But, I assumed that it was at the Mint Museum Uptown so we went there first... Instead it was at the Randolph location.  The good news is that we were able to pay $10/each and visit both locations in the same day.  It's a good deal.After visiting the Uptown Mint, Randolph pales in comparison.  The rooms are small, lowly lit and a little smelly.  We also got lost on the back stairway even though we had a map.  It's not laid out too well.  All in all, it was a little creepy since we didn't see a single other person while we walked through the exhibits.  The plus side is that we did enjoy the Platform Shoe and the Haute Couture exhibits.  They had an excellent collection of top designers' clothes and shoes from at least the 40's on.  We had a lot of fun looking at these and reading about the designers.  We learned some stuff, too :)The museum offered a lot of other unique collections but we were too tired to really explore too much so I can't give an accurate review of these.  But, I can tell you that they had a decent amount of things to explore.  I would probably only go back here if I knew they were showing something that I wanted to see.  However, the park surrounding the museum was gorgeous.  It looked like a great place for a picnic or some place to let your dog run around.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,4/27/2011,117,303,6,6,5>Having lived in Buffalo, NY for the entire 90's decade, when I walked into Lebowski's I felt almost like I was at any dive bar in North or South Buffalo.  The people eating in there almost all looked like they were from Western New York - and that was a good sign.  They say it's named "Lebowski's" after the movie, but anyone who has lived near Buffalo knows everyone's last name ends in "ski" or doesn't contain vowels due to the large Polish population so I think it's more of a homage to Cheektowaga and West Seneca.  Like those places in WNY, Lebowski's is small, with tables crammed together and a small bar.  We met my father and his girlfriend there so they were already seated.  Our service was very attentive and our meals were served quickly.  I have had beef on weck in Charlotte, but none have been authentic - Lebowsk's, however, is the real deal.  Slow roasted beef piled high and served with fresh horseradish on a kimmelweck or "weck" roll - a soft German roll with caraway seed and sea salt added to it.  This could be served anywhere in Buffalo and would even top some places such as all of the Anderson's - except the original one.  I also had a salad which was decent and fresh.  A little romaine, a little spinach, fresh diced tomatoes, a couple of cuke slices, and a little crostini.My wife had a shrimp po boy which she said was very good and it looked good - healthy sized shrimp on a large roll.  My dad's girlfriend got the haddock fish fry and it looked great and she said it was very good too.  If anyone is looking for a good "fish and chips" just get a fish fry at a Buffalo restaurant - it's almost the same except that they use haddock instead of the related cod and haddock is lighter, flakier, and tastes better.  I didn't have the wings since my stomach was in bad shape, but will get those and the fried pickles next time. I don't know if they still take the supposedly 20 minutes, but I've worked in restaurants in Buffalo, and even extra crispy wings never took longer than 11 minutes; regular ones took about 8 or 9 - and those were all big wings.Lebowski's also has a lot of different beers, including Genesee, other cheap domestic beer, and a fair selection on craft and micros.  All, in all, Lebowski's is the real deal for anyone from WNY and the non-Buffalo staples seem to be good too.  I will definitely come back here, although it's not good for groups - a little too small for that.  It has Tavern on the Tracks beat by a long shot when it comes to authenticity (and sanitation grades too). So take da sevendy seven down to da two sevendy seven and get to Lebowski's...they got da best beef on weck in town.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,4/26/2011,20,71,2,4,4>Solid! My son J and I ate here for lunch today, after sending my wife to NY for a business trip. As we walked in, I noticed this place has the ambience of a great American burger bar, with a Frankenstein poster on one wall, some Nascar remnants and a top of a beer making vat on the wall, and JBL speakers blasting some fine music at just the right level. A couple of muted monitors over the bar ran ESPN2 and some sports equipment infomercials.Sitting down, we noticed the menu is varied enough to satisfy anyone. The beer list is great, the mixed drink list is intriguing, and I'd love to come here with a group of adults in search of a good time. The smiling, artfully tattooed and nose-ringed waitress brought me a fresh cup of really fine coffee. My son had a Dr. Brown's Root Beer. We shared a small order of fried dill pickles before our sandwiches arrived. They were piping hot, lightly breaded, and served with a cool ranch dip. I ate so many I had a stomach ache later. They were better than I remembered them from the old Penguin.I had the Ding Dong Chicken Sandwich, a Thai-inspired concoction of grilled chicken, peanuts, lettuce, tomato, mayo, Sriracha, and other goodies on a sandwich bun. It was hot, tasty, and satisfying. J. had a Kinda Fried Turkey Sandwich. He was stuffed and happy, having washed it down with his root beer.The restaurant is a remodeled service station that was obviously around for a long, long, time, but it has been tastefully rebuilt, attractively furnished, and turned into a really cool, if small bar/restaurant. It was packed at noon this Sunday, with a mix of tattooed biker types, preppies, fashionable couples, and family types like us. We'll be back with the rest of the family to sample other things on the menu. I noticed enough vegetarian-friendly food on the menu to satisfy my daughter, a very picky eater with high expectations.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,4/25/2011,14,43,15,11,7>My god people, stop it.  You're writing reviews about Taco Mac.  TACO MAC.  Taco Mac, the Atlanta institution that has, thankfully, invaded Piedmont Row.  We should all pause and thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster that we're blessed and Taco Mac is in our city.  A couple of things to note to prep you for your experience:It's a bar, not Applebee's.  Referring to Taco Mac as Applebee's is just disrespectful.  Applebee's could not pull off a beer selection like this.  Taco Mac has the largest draft beer selection in Charlotte.  Not only is it awesome, it's awe-inspiring.  And, it's a mile from my house - +1 for me.  OK - It's a sports bar, not a bar.  If you want fine dining, go to Del Frisco's across the walkway.  It's a sports bar - they have unhealthy bar food.  And it's good.  They have 100,000 flat screens.  You can see any game you want.  This is your place to watch the Cricket Championship - they will have it not (Disclaimer - they probably will not have it on because we live in America. )In closing - Taco Mac is awesome.  It's beer selection is unrivaled in Charlotte.  Stop hatin', start drinking.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,4/24/2011,175,289,13,9,4>Damn you Three Amigos...I knew it would happen if I saw you, but still I had to try. Replay 1 hour before dinner decision... Wife...let's have Mexican tonight. Me...Eh. Wife...What? Three Amigo's is good and cheap. Me...yeah, but I always overeat at Mexican restaurants Wife...So don't eat everything on your plate Me...I can't help myself, I've tried. Those damn combos kill me. Wife...laughs...you have a problem Me...at least I admit it 1 hour 28 minutes later, I'm full after chips & quac (good guac!) and my chimichanga "combo". So good...so much food...and only $8. Add in a large margarita and bottle of beer and I am full. Yep...did it again. I left some rice and beans for whoever took my plate though. Three Amigo's is a great spot in Plaza that has a few small tables and a wall of booths. Don't be afraid of the so-so strip mall exterior, this place has great cheap food. It's also open until 4am on Friday & Saturday's. Good lord, if I'm there that late I know I won't have any room left from the night's PBR's, but as I know, I'll still stuff my face with good Mexican food. Damn you Three Amigo's! :)
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,4/23/2011,71,209,11,16,8>Krazy Fish (and More!) has been taunting me with delayed opening dates for a month or two now, but they are finally open and I must say, it was worth the wait.While the interior decor looks a bit like a performance art version of the mind of an unbalanced person with an aquatic fixation, the food is delicious. Get the tacos. Let me say that again good and slow so you wont miss it.GET. THE. TACOS.I've tried both the tempura shrimp and cuban chicken versions and both were delicious (though I'm partial to the shrimp, with a touch of the pepper oil that is on the tables). Neither was particularly spicy but the flavors were full and bright. I love that their slaw (which tops your protein) is not a mayo-y mess and the tortillas are fresh and fluffy. Tacos come with one side (all this for under $8). I am in love with their jalapeno cheddar grits souffle, to a ridiculous degree, but Jake's mac and cheese put up a strong argument and I look forward to measuring their squash casserole against Dish's.Yes, they serve other things besides tacos. There is shrimp and grits that is certainly on my to do list. There is pad thai. There is curry lemongrass tofu for the veggie crowd. They will even serve you up a quarter chicken, and I look forward to trying any or all of these dishes. But in the mean time (and who am I kidding, it will only be a matter of days before I stroll back) I am glad to have Krazy Fish as my new neighbor.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,4/22/2011,56,106,,8,3>Great butcher with meat from animals raised locally (I think they have a farm near Waxhaw). All their animals are free range with no steroids, hormones etc... They can get you hard to find cuts and specialty meats. Been going their for a while when I want to make that extra special meal or need that German cut of top round. Service is always nice and knowledgeable.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,4/21/2011,54,162,2,6,2>Charlotte has a hit or miss club/bar scene.  Some of the places try to be better than they are and other places are awesome, but woefully under attended.  Comsos is an odd mix located deep in the Ballantyne area.First off, there's a wide range of age groups who attend this joint from barely employed hipsters to silver haired money men.  Second, is the hybrid nature of the place, restaurant/bar by day and club by night.  Third are the NYC caliber DJ & bartenders stuck in a southern style city.  You wouldn't think this mash-up works, but somehow it all pulls together at the last moment.DJ Spencer (semi-retired) is one of the best mixers I've seen in the CLT area, Stefan is THE MAN to know behind the bar (that bastard has been getting me hammered for of over 5 years now), and the security is on point taking out drunk fucks in 30 seconds or less.  This is one place I'd hit regularly on a Saturday night.If you're looking for a hot spot without the hassle of uptown you definitely need to hit Comsos.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,4/20/2011,216,466,8,11,7>Oh Fiamma will you marry me??? Just promise to cook for us every day!! What a gem this place is, so cozy and quaint. From the homemade pesto, sorbet between courses, waiters that can barely speak English... The calamari app was so unusual with avocado (we got it sauteed instead of deep fried and it was so delish!) I had the pasta with chicken and sun-dried tomatoes and my friend got the fettuccine with mushrooms...Unreal meal. So full at the end of the meal we could not eat dessert but they brought us some complimentary homemade limoncello already cant wait to go back!!!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,4/19/2011,66,60,6,7,7>Georges was so much more than I expected it to be. Went to dinner with a few work colleagues. I can tell you right now that trying to find a place to park in those garages on a Friday night is a bitch, so after a futile effort I gave in to their complimentary valet service, which I had no problems with. The attendents were pleasant and prompt.DRINKS: I got there a bit before everyone else, checked my coat, and took advantage of the bar. The bartender was a little snooty and stared a good long time at my ID, but in the end put together a decent drink. The French Connection is quite exotic - the sweet, smooth taste of ports and wines going down, but that sting of scotch on your tongue. The smell was intoxicating. My favorite drink out of the two had to be the citrus basil martini. Strong while still being refreshing and elegant. At dinner, three of us decided to split number 303 under Interesting Whites, a Muscat. It had an interesting bite to it that wasn't too appetizing alone, but went amazingly with my snapper and the mussels. SERVICE: You just can't get it like you used to anymore.... except at this place. I can honestly say that this is the best service I've ever had. The waiter was attentive without being overbearing, made sure that all of our wines/waters/beers were filled, made great suggestions and pairings, and just overall attended to our every need with an expertise that you can't find too many places. Not to mention he was pretty sharp looking, which is always nice for the ladies of the table. Excluding the bartending experience, I would give service at this place 5 out of 5. ATMOSPHERE: Despite the points made about the decour in other reviews, I found the atmosphere pleasing. The dining room is large and high-ceilinged without being overbearing, and still providing an intimate atmosphere at dinner. The crowd, we did notice, was much older, however this wasn't any contention. Everyone there seemed to be there for an occasion - a small, intimate gathering for a birthday, or a husband and wife celebrating an anniversary. You got the feeling that to most of the crowd, this was someplace special to them.FOOD: Apps: We all shared some steamed mussels and fuites. The fries weren't as hot as I'd like, but flavorful. The mussels were out of this world - they almost tasted coq au vin, and were so incredibly flavorful. My top pick of the evening.The shrimp over risotto was also very pleasing.  I was delighted to see that the heads were still included on the shrimp (one of my favorite parts), and it was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. The risotto was also perfectly cooked, creamy, and flavorful. I liked the addition of the red peppers. The fried brie salad was tangy and delicious, so no complaints there. I've had baked brie before, but never fried. It complimented the salad perfectly.Entrees: The snapper over lobster basmati was delicious, and very much was complimented by the wine we had with dinner. The fish was, of course, cooked perfectly, and the rice was flavorful with just the right amount of lobster in it. What I really enjoyed was the sauce - it almost tasted like a buttery, light bechamel with chives, and I definitely want to try and replicate it at home.The braised shortrib melted in your mouth, and was also cooked perfectly. The sauce complimented the meat and horseradish mashed potatoes very well, though it was said at my table that some thought there was too much horseradish. I personally thought it gave an excellent bite to the carmalized onions and sauce. Dessert: I can say that they create one of the best executed creme brulee's I've ever had. Pretty darn big, perfectly glossy on the top, and garnished with large, ripe raspberries, this melted on your tongue like nothing else.I had the chocolate mousse, and it was how I like it - extra dark and delicious, however there was almost twice as much whipped cream as there was mousse, which left me a little disappointed.Before I came here, I didn't think this would be a place that I would be terribly impressed with, as opposed to other places in Charlotte, but I stand corrected. I would definitely come back here. I pride myself on being a cheap date, but I can honestly say that the $80 bill that was said and done was on par with my experience.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,4/18/2011,93,189,5,9,5>Paper Skyscraper is the quirkiest!  I usually don't go overboard about stationary, but this place is the real deal when it comes to small gifts and knick knacks.  I'm always surprised to find trinkets like piggy banks for plastic surgery and divorces, not mention greeting cards that celebrate the most awkward events in life and nostalgic fridge magnets that are less-than-wholesome.  I'm not good at buying gifts, but Paper Skyscraper makes it alot easier.  I always find some item in this store that complements the idiosyncrasies of the person for whom I'm buying a gift.  If you only have a few $$$ to spend on a gift and want something more personable and memorable than a gift card, P.S is the place.  There's something crude, off-kilter, and unique in everyone and this store is the place to indulge those things.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,4/17/2011,80,142,2,6,3>For the kid in most of us....It is great to see Manifest still hanging around the Queen City. I know they just went through an ownership change. I spent many hours of my youth back home in record stores like Repeat the Beat, Dearborn Music and Slick Disc. Growing up, it seems like I was always dropping my hard earned cash on music. It was great way to spend a rainy Saturday afternoon looking for the latest releases and used copies. Manifest allows me to walk down memory lane. This place is huge and if you are a media lover you will get lost in this place.Manifest sells new and pre-owned Vinyl, CD, DVD, Blu-Ray and Video games mostly. You can also find shirts, electronics and comics here too. It is a great place for the kid in most of us. You can also sell your old stuff to upgrade your current collections. I would warn you to take the trade in over the cash since you will get more bang for the buck. Support your local music merchant and visit Manifest....
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,4/16/2011,0,36,3,9,4>Stumbled on this place entirely by accident, and it was a good time! Tasty burger and fries (had to try the Zack's Special) for cheap. My husband had the fried chicken, which he wasn't terribly impressed with- but I guess that's what you should expect ordering chicken from a burger joint. I wouldn't say this is the best burger in Charlotte (I'll save that distinction for the Penguin), but it's still pretty darned good- and the place has a cool classic dive feel to it.Definitely worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood. I'd happily go again!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,4/15/2011,84,301,10,14,9>The Green Tomato's food is like eating at your Grandma's house on Thanksgiving. It's high-quality, Southern fried good food. The macaroni and cheese is so good that it embarrasses me, and, while it is clearly a haven for meat eaters, there is an entire buffet line devoted to Southern style veggies. They manage to make the vegetables taste good without having chunks of pork floating in them, which I appreciate. There is also a full bar devoted to desserts, including banana pudding and peach cobbler. The prices are pretty good, too...it's less than $10 per person. There is a room with some larger tables that can accommodate bigger groups, too. It's a great place to go with a mixed group, because even the pickiest eaters can find SOMETHING to eat at a Southern joint (and as a vegetarian, I do speak on behalf of the picky eaters). The decor is a little lame, but it's a southern buffet, so you kind of expect it. There is something weird going on with cultural fusion, too...there are lots of Asian folks working there, and I have suspicions that it is Asian-owned...but the food is pure Southern Soul. I offer this observation of the cultural fusion not as a criticism, but as a point of interest. One night, there was even an Asian man singing pop songs at a keyboard, which added the most amazing, surreal ambiance to accompany my third plate of macaroni and cheese.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,4/14/2011,174,84,20,10,4>I have never been so impressed with the level of service anywhere as I was with Vietnam Grille last night.  After being seated, Chef/Owner Rick Lai immediately came over to our party of 8.  I indicated that my children had never had Vietnamese food and they were extremely picky eaters.  He asked if he could just take care of them and bring some things out for them to try.  He started with a big bowl of chicken pho and one of beef pho for the table.  Then came spring rolls....char-grilled chicken rolls....and pork dumplings.  He was so accommodating  and entertaining that when we got up to leave my boys said "this is definitely a 5 star mom".  Dining out is not just about the food, it's about the entire experience.  And Rick Lai and his staff do an outstanding job.  They are passionate about their business and it shows!A couple of side notes:  BYOB....they have the wine glasses!  And the pork chops looked and smelled to die for.  I'll definitely try those next time around....
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,4/13/2011,49,306,3,5,5>French Quarter is NOT a french restaurant.  It's a cozy little bar/restaurant where you'll see people hanging out after work nursing a beer, cops coming in for a daily dinner special, folks just looking for a good place to engage in that great pastime of pub socializing.In addition to great drink specials, they've got some standout selections on the food menu, including the monte cristo sandwich and the baked chicken.We've had after-work happy hours at the French Quarter, and they're always a lot of fun.  On a pleasant night, the outdoor seating is especially nice.In the uptown environment, packed with expensive cookie-cutter chain restaurants, the French Quarter is a refreshing alternative.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,4/12/2011,33,75,3,11,3>I have known of Hong Kong's existence for quite a while but hesitated to stop by for fear of high prices and way too many hipsters for one store but a couple days ago I decided to take the plunge! I was so impressed by the selection of vintage clothes, bags, shoes, jewelry, and home goods that I am going to stop in once a week to check for some new goodies! Everything is in excellent shape and the prices are so reasonable--I barely saw anything over 30 bucks! I loved everything I tried on and made an incredibly long mental Wish List of the things I have to go back to check on! For fabulous and unique pieces at a great price, it is worth your time to stop in.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/11/2011,112,425,3,7,7>I think this wine store would be pretty average if not for the attentive owners always on site and eager to help you find something delicious. I have been back a couple of times and they are always so helpful. Plenty of wine stores can impress you with how much they know about wine (specifically, more than you) but it takes real charisma to turn that esoteric knowledge into solid and welcome advice. That's what I get here - people who listen to what I like, ask a few probing questions, and give me something wonderful to try. That is all you could ask for.But it is not all they offer. There are also the chocolates, made on the premises. The assortment of flavors sounds insane (strawberry and balsamic?!) but they were incredible. Their price tag reflects this, but at $2 each they would make a great gift to a local-foodie-type or to a simple admirer of chocolate.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,4/10/2011,199,213,3,8,6>This is great little place in university area where you will find some unique and delicious Indian fast food. They also have desert and they make great birthday cakes. This location looks a lot like Indian fast food joint off of Devon Ave in Chicago IL. It's pretty clean inside and service is pretty good as well. I have had falafel panini, paneer tikka panini, puff and Indian Chai. I loved all items I had and I will be going back for sure. Note:They can make egg less cake per your request.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,4/9/2011,187,1664,5,7,6>Ah, 7th Street Station.  It isn't often that a parking deck can actually be more than a bunch of concrete, but here it is.Not only do you have the requisite mass of concrete, standing several stories above you, but you have a light-rail stop.  A grocery store (well... it is now closed).  Two restaurants, Brixx and LaVecchia's.  You can also easily walk to Cosmos (and plenty of other places).You're right next to several bars - of course, having your vehicle parked that close to the bar might not be a good thing, but there you are.  Alley Cat, Forum, Dixie's, all right there.You are even next to the Museum of the New South and Imaginon for the Kiddies, if culture is more your thing.Still not enough?  Catch an event just a block or so away at the Time Warner Arena or spend the night across the street at the Holiday Inn.And if that doesn't suck you in, you can actually try and solve a riddle - on the deck itself.  The Touch My Building piece is created by light panels around the deck that light up and play sounds when touched (the riddle is inscribed on a panel near the old Reid's location).  If touched in a certain order, you unlock the puzzle, and a "ghost" will play a piece back to you.  If you don't solve the riddle, it may just be fun to play a song by touching the panels.  Or wait to the top of the hour, like a cuckoo clock, and you'll hear a song, but it may not be the one played when solving the riddle.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,4/8/2011,217,84,6,8,8>First off, once again, its NOT Dilworth... its Southend.Secondly, I recall my time as a yute back in Pennsyltucky when BBQ meant that we was havin' sloppy joes that night.  Man, to appreciate such ignorance later in life...When Wynn and the rest of the guys took that little spot over back in the day, I bet that they had no comprehension of how their little BBQ joint would turn into such a successful local franchise.They cover the basics.  Delicious pulled pork, decent western AND eastern sauces as well as the popular in Georgia "yellow"  or mustard based sauce (something I learned about when a pipefitter mixed up a batch with gulden's, butter, and Beam with spices while still north of the Mason-Dixon).The salads are good and smothered in ranch and bacon the way they should be.  The Brunswick Stew is spicy and tasty as hell at the same time.  Oh, the sides... The green bean casserole is mighty tasty.  And you almost want to OD on legumes by adding the baked beans as your second side on a pork plate.  But then you see the mac and cheese just egging you on....And the service is a ton of not too shabby.  I was graced with Dana tonight who took all of my razzing in stride and never left my thirsty.  You see, my food came out too fast.  A problem I thought I would never encounter.  No time for socializing when your plate is ready to be devoured within three minutes of ordering.And what is the scene..?  bike night, foreign bike night, live music outside, enough TV's to satisfy sports nuts, hot waitresses, family friendly,  you name it...As if the joint didn't stand on its own two legs, they have DONATED tons of food in the past to various causes that I support or help organize.  Making them not only the place in the CLT to get your BBQ on, but also a pillar of the Charlotte restaurant community.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,4/7/2011,25,44,7,18,8>First of all, thanks to the random Yelper who heard my cry of help and suggested Artistic Brows!Okay, Ladies (and hairy Gentlemen), please please please DO NOT trust your threading to anyone other than Nazy!  She is the UTMOST of gracious and professional!  Her salon is always clean and neat, with a tranquil stillness.  You can walk in, but I would recommend making an appointment just so she can take her time with you.  On your first visit, you will get a mini-consultation and she actually will help determine what brow shape is best for your face.  When I went to her, I was recovering from a brow debacle (See: Brow Bar, which is now called ArtistBrow123) and she's been pruning my brows back into shape!!Ever since I've been going to her, people LITERALLY stop me and compliment how nice my brows look.  I mean, I was plucking them myself for years and got compliments here and there, but nothing like this!  I've had to keep a stock pile of her cards because everyone wants her number!As for the comfort level, Nazy does her best to keep it as painless as possible, but there is truly no painless method of hair removal.  I find threading less painful and less irritating than waxing, except for the upper lip...just use some Nair on that b/c threading that area HURTS LIKE A MOTHER.....Her prices are reasonable and you get a "frequent threader" card and your 12th session is FREE!!! WOOT!!  Beautifully groomed brows can really frame your face and enhance your natural beauty, so please allow Nazy to work her magic for you!!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,4/6/2011,40,151,2,6,4>Yes, you can get delivery in Charlotte! And, not just pizza. I've used  Foodie Call serveral times and as mentioned below in other reviews they are fast, on time and fresh. You can pay online too so no need for cash.Here are just a few places you can order from: 131 Main, Aria, Dolce, Pio Pio, Flying Biscuit, Sonoma, Press, Maharani, Tavern on the Tracks....lots more.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,4/5/2011,208,546,3,5,4>Nikko, why have I waited until now to try you? I did not realize what I was missing. Walked in Friday at about 7 and they were able to get us right in without a reservation. The atmosphere was really cool- very busy but it didn't feel overly crowded.The kitchen was open which I always like. Our service was great and the pacing of the meal was perfect. We started with an appetizer, the Tuna Tataki which was prepared beautifully. I would have liked a little more ponzu sauce but the flavors were spot on.Next we had three rolls: The Volcano, Nikko, and Spider . All were fantastic- I would get any again. A bit pricey but the quality and taste of each roll was outstanding. I will be back soon!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,4/4/2011,38,184,,7,3>Cafe 100 took the spot formerly occupied by Toast in Huntersville and yes, their breakfast menu is similar and many of the staff are the same. It's also a bit small (hence Toast's move), but they make that small space very cozy and welcoming, and we really like it.The food, service, and prices are fabulous! And don't forget to check the specials board upon arrival. There are lots of selections, like specialty omelets, quiches, burritos, and seasonal pancakes. I've tried a lot of things, but my favorites rotate between the quiche-of-the-day, breakfast enchiladas, and make-your-own-burritos. Their salsa is homemade and delicious. Their black beans also taste freshly made. You can even get biscuits and gravy as your side - how about that?! The coffee is also better (and a bit stronger) than at Toast.  I was disappointed to hear, though, that the coffee shop they partnered with for espresso drinks had gone out of business.Cafe 100 now offers dinner from Wednesdays through Saturdays.  Their selections include sandwiches (my favorites are the crabcake, Cuban, and club), dinner entrees (like ribeye, crabcakes, pasta), and of course, their specialties of the day.  I'm not a sandwich kind of gal, but theirs are truly delicious.  Just try one, and I'm sure you'll be back.  They also offer drinks, including wine, beer, and cocktails.  Their martinis are huge and a great bargain at $6.  But my favorite is the mojito (also just $6).  Every server there is super nice and always willing to help -- even if they are not responsible for your table. They also know how to keep people moving through so the wait is never very long (without making you feel rushed).My hubby and I really like this place, and we go back often.  Cafe 100 is one of my absolute favorites for breakfast and a casual dinner!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,4/3/2011,69,121,2,4,1>Something about Trader Joe's inspires the poet in me, and apparently I'm not alone on that one.  This is a great place to find unique and delicious, usually organic food.  The sales people throw out a vibe that is as cheerful as their Hawaiian shirts, and I love the fact that you can take (almost) any food item to the counter in the back and they will open it and let you try whatever is inside so you can make an informed decision before buying it.  Current Faves to Pick Up:- Lime & Chile Mixed Nuts ( Awesome, but seriously hot.  I can only eat a handful or two, one nut at a time in one sitting.  Make sure you avoid eating the roasted chili's accidentally... )- Trader Joe's Habanero Lime Flour Tortillas (Great way to spice up your wraps!!!)- McCann's Quick Cooking Irish Oatmeal  (I eat this stuff every morning - usually sprinkle in blanched almonds with some kind of dried berries or a sliced fresh banana.  Cooks in 60 seconds, which is great for those who use a microwave at the office)- Powerberries (Acai, pomegranate, cranberry & blueberry juice flavored gummies covered in dark chocolate.  NOM. NOM. NOM.  Added bonus - these are made with the real juice from these fruits, so 1 serving hs 20% of a daily dose of Vitamin C and 6% daily dose of iron!)- Any of the frozen food in the Asian section.  Potstickers, Chicken Fried Rice, Pad Thai, Kung Pao Chicken... you get the idea.  Pile it in the cart!!!- Specialty Cheese (they have a decent selection at up to 1/2 the price of HT)- Whole Wheat Gnocchi (Like this better than the regular gnocchi!)- Most of the nuts (fraction of the price of other grocery stores)- Flowers (Beautiful, seasonal, and inexpensive!)Things that make me go "Meh":- Low Sodium, Low Fat Marinara (No taste whatsoever.  Stick with the real thing if you can, their other pasta sauces have great flavor and are still pretty healthy!)- Pizza Margarita (Not much flavor, and the crust tasted like a saltine cracker.  The mushroom flatbread and 3 cheese pizza are MUCH better!)- Ground Turkey (Again, not really much flavor, and more expensive than other grocery stores)- Shredded and Deli Sliced Cheese (Taste good, but twice as much as other grocery stores)
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,4/2/2011,155,972,3,7,4>I don't know about you, but a move is not complete without pizza delivered. Recently I moved and just didn't have the energy to make anything to eat or go anywhere. I remembered getting Jet's Pizza coupons in the mail and decided to give them a try.They do a fast delivery! I got a basic special: pizza, breadsticks, and wings. It was all so good...greasy like crazy, but delicious! They have a great price point, deliver, and make my taste buds happy, what more can I say?
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,4/1/2011,121,566,3,3,8>FABO is the newest blessing in my local life!  Great coffee, always a place to sit and they have free wifi and soymilk to boot.  Funky chairs, real art, stuff made by hand, everywhere.They have great ambience for working on the weekend and relaxing when you're not working!   So please, for the love of all that's holy, stop by and support these guys.  Bring your mom, bring your friend, bring your new hot date!  This coffee shop is awesome and it's right next to all the fun new stores on Selwyn and it's a stone's throw from the restaurants on Montford.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,3/31/2011,62,55,5,5,4>Had a great time with the sibling and nieces, we went to Carrabbas today for a post monkey Joe's food fest and were not disappointed.  The waiter was great, very attentive and real engaging with the kids.  I also had a good deal of bread, so carb loaders hit this place first on your rampage.  Everything is cooked fresh... I know this because they have no microwaves according to the kitchen, as we asked to nuke some milk for one of the kids and they had to do it on the stove.  By far a great restaurant to go to, chain or not!  For my actual meal, I ate something I can't pronounce, but it was great!  Noodles, Tomato, Garlic and some other stuff, it was yummy yum yum! The sis had lasagna and was Delicious according to her and My 2 yr old niece enjoyed her raviolis!  She also carb loaded as well!  So... nap time for us :)
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/30/2011,10,122,2,6,6>After being contacted by the owner through Yelp, I had to up my rating. This is my local coffee shop, and I thought I loved it before, my biggest complaint being they do not serve breakfast sandwiches. Well not too long after writing my review the owner contacted me via message letting me know they have added B'fast wraps to the menu!! Stopped in to grab a bacon, egg & cheese and a Kona brew, and left a very happy camper. This is the difference between local business and corporations, GOOD local business listen to the needs/wants of their consumer and adapt. Kudos Smelly Cat, and thank you Cathy!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2010,3/29/2011,104,306,4,8,4>Walking in expecting to see a hostess or something, we kind of just meandered in and found a table. The backless stools looked brand new yet still fit with the old world pub feel. We were greeted by the barkeep who came out to take our orders. We had one menu to look at to make our selections. Small but sufficient bar food menu and a decent jumbled listing of beers. They were all written in one run on sentence like paragraph using commas to separate them so i really couldn't say how many drafts they had. i know i had Big Boss Blanco Diablo and a $3 Guinness. Thursday is $3 pint night for all drafts i believe, but everyday is $3 Guinness day.i went with the buffalo chicken sandwich which apparently comes with a super sized  extra large amount of fries. Plain old fries that could use some love from a seasoning salt of some sort. The buffalo was decent and the chicken was a hearty portion.Overall, i liked our service and meal. Can't say i'd recommend coming solely for the meal, unless you come armed with the Entertainment coupon then it is definitely worth trying (bogo entree) or if you are longing for an authentic pub feel and are going to have some drinks. (i've never been to a real pub, but it seems authentic), i imagine we'll venture back if for nothing else to use the 2011 Entertainment Book coupon.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,3/28/2011,64,504,5,8,6>We gave our 2nd shot at yoga a try at Y2 Yoga in the Cotswold Village Shops.  It was a little hard to find, but we found it in the alcove, hiding just behind Salsarita's.  We were welcomed into the studio by smiling, friendly faces and signed up for the walk-in rate of $15 each.  The yoga mats were free to rent for first-time customers (yippee!).  The studio feels a bit cramped, although all we had to go by was the last studio at which we attempted yoga.  The entrance felt small and cramped and then the locker room was a small locker room/bathroom/shower room combo.  I wasn't very comfortable leaving my valuables (hello, wallet!) in the cubby hole (no lock lockers) of a closed, unmonitored room, so I ran it back out to the car after we paid.  It would have been nice to have cubbyholes in the rooms instead where I could keep an eye on my belongings.Our teacher was great, as we tried to keep up and get into all of the positions correctly.  She explained that they're very "hands-on" there, which we were comfortable with.  She helped us get into the correct (and sometimes painful) positions, but she also offered alternatives.   We definitely tried, though!  We really appreciated her not slowing down the class just for us newbies, but still helping us keep up and not feel out of place.  So...thanks for that!  The restful period after 75 minutes of yoga moves is the best part.  I'm lying on my back, the ceiling fans come on, my eyes are closed, the room is dark, and a lavender-scented washcloth is placed on my forehead.  Ahhh...Be careful coming out of the studio.  Walk quickly pass Salsarita's...before being drawn in by the temptation of a nice big burrito with chips and salsa!   Whew! p.s. Y2 Yoga offers $5 "Good Karma" classes as well!  Great deal!  We'll have to try that next.  Check 'em out online.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,3/26/2011,31,101,2,6,3>I've been waiting for this place to open ever since the sign went up.Great inside decor - very warm and welcoming. A good place to hang out.Short menu - it is indeed all about the coffee and waffles. On the latter, the waffles are unlike any you've probably had, more rich and very sweet. In talking briefly with the owners it's due to the mix, the increased butterfat, and their use of pearl sugar. Overall, these are excellent portable waffles that are very sweet. A decedent treat.Coffee-wise, no complaints - had the dark roast and it was great.I really hope this place survives because South Ballantyne needs a local coffeehouse instead of only chains!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,3/25/2011,761,516,2,8,3>Yay a new pub...my fav! Stumbled upon this joint while waiting for a table at Cabo that turned into waiting too long and eating at Solstice.  Anyways I had to circle back to make sure I checked this place out and I'm sure glad I did.  Besides falling off my chair after my delicious Allagash beer with the delightful aftertaste of Jim Beam I do actually mean it was delightful I had a great time.  They are serving food and will definitely check out some grub next time I return.. the beer selection is great and the staff is friendly.  Our waiter Tom was on top of it and very knowledgable about the beers and the menu...I will be returning soon. If your in NODA check this place out and add it to your pub crawl!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,3/24/2011,34,63,,3,3>As a weird tradition (the roots of which are lost to us!), my wife and I dine at an Indian restaurant for our anniversary.  Enter:  Spice 9.We've been casing this joint since we moved to Charlotte, and, lo and behold, our anniversary sneaks up on us!  After a bit of a seating miscue, we ordered our dinner; tikka masala for the lady, lababdar for myself.  Both dishes looked amazing, and tasted great.  This place is aptly named "Spice 9", as the burn sneaks up on you, just shy of #10!  Out of the two dishes, I was more impressed by the tikka masala.  The blend of sweet and tangy tomato cream sauce and the slow burn from the spices were second to none.  I dare say it's the best tikka masala I've ever had, but I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine.  Definitely worth a try though.  I second the "date night" option, as the atmosphere is more suited to couples (that's not to say kids aren't welcome, just more of a romantic vibe going on!).Noosh!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2010,3/23/2011,42,144,6,4,3>A Negra Modelo, a giant steak burrito, a lovely patio, and I rolled out feeling like a python that had swallowed a goat.  All win, and for only $11.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,3/22/2011,69,395,9,7,5>Reasons why Fenwick's is awesome:1. They have fried oyster po-boys and they are delicious2. There is a patio with twinkly lights3. The dining room is like a hallway - cozy!4. When I ordered a fruit side I got cantaloupe, orange, grapefruit, pineapple, and watermelon - a cornucopia of fruity goodness5. 82% of the customers were geriatric when I went (at 8:30p on a Tues night - why aren't they in bed?  Because Fenwick's is awesome.)6. The zucchini and squash casserole side I had was inhale-ably good7. It's in a little cottageI'm looking forward to checking Fenwick's out for breakfast.  The menu is limited, check before you go!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,3/21/2011,205,512,3,6,2>I finally decided to try this place out, despite the mix reviews I keep hearing about them.  I figured if WFNZ is promoting them, it can't be all that bad.  Now, besides all that, I had a $10 off coupon, and had just got back in town from the beach and was thinking this place had better be good because there will be no cooking in my household today.  I think this place is more of a bar than a restaurant since it's Sunday and the only 2 people here were not eating but watching football.....not a good sign but I stayed and ordered the pork chops, and hamburger steak, both came with 2 sides and a roll.  I must admit that everything was really good:Pork chops-3.5 stars(a bit too much salt)Hamburger steak-4 starsMac n cheese-4 starsGreen beans-3.5 cannedGreens-3.5 canned(very sweet)Rice-4 starsI did hear the server say that the cook that was there today was the best cook on staff.   I would probably frequent this place if I lived closer, but I would return.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,3/20/2011,26,20,2,8,6>I'm not a huge consignment shopper but J.T. Posh has definitely turned me onto it.  I always seem to find the most unique pieces there, whether it's a fun and flirty summer dress with pockets or an elegant sheer long sleeve shirt, it's always up-to-date and never before seen.  They carry a large majority of current brand names and it shows with the quality of the selection they carry.  The jeans are always the first thing I like to check out considering they carry Citizens and Sevens for half the price.  If you know what language I'm speaking right now, you know that's a huge win!  J.T. Posh also carries a great array of handbags and shoes.  The jewelry is just like the clothes...every piece stands out against the next and I never feel like I run into people with the same stuff.  They have great sales but you need to catch them, if you don't you may find it a little too pricey.  Nevertheless, you will fall in love and you'll realize there is a lot of personality you can bring to each piece.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,3/19/2011,36,62,4,7,2>One word to sum up the Epicentre = It has it ALL!Yea so it's not one word.  You can't use one word, well at least I can't.  Seriously though this place has everything.  The Epicentre is three levels and most every space in the center is filled with great places.  Check the lists belowNightlife:MezKazbaEnsoHowl at the MoonWhiskey RiverSuiteBlackfinnStrike CityVidaWild WingsOther:LiberettosMez TheatersFive GuysJason's DeliAnd more..I know I forgot some there but damn there are a ton of places in this party center.  Parking garage below it and generally will cost ya $10 and its cool if ya leave it over night.  They never give me a hard time when I pick my ride up the next day.  FYI Take a cab home! There are cops everywhere and its not worth the DWI.During the summers they have an even, Alive After Five, every Thursday.  A free concert at night and the party starts at 5.  The place gets packed with everyone getting off work from all the banks and what not.  Definitely worth checking out in the summers.Occasionally a live concert is thrown on a Saturday as well.  There is a decent size stage on the third floor and little building that opens up as a bar to serve on the stages patio.  Also live MMA fights are held on the third floor.Seriously you can spend a whole day here.  Mexican, Sushi, Sports bars, Upscale Lounges, Dance clubs, Shopping of all sorts, bowling, great pizza, and a ton more!Look at the lists, read reviews on each place.  My general routine is the following:Enso around 8 PM for Sushi, Blackfinn for a few drinks, Whiskey River for a few more, Mez/Kazba to chill and do shots, back to Blackfinn for shots, then if enough people convince me I'll hit up Suite (I care not for this place), more likely I'll hit an "exotic" dance club later... or after Suite.Come to Epicentre, it has something for everyone.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,3/18/2011,255,284,6,7,6>Got to try Cowfish during their soft opening a few weeks back and I was blown away. The freshest sashimi I've had in Charlotte can be found right here! Came here with a group of girl friends so I got to sample a bunch of dishes. First, the appetizers: Crab rangoon dip was rich and full of chunks of crab a delight to dip into with the fried wonton skins. And the Blackened Ahi Tuna Nachos - also topped with a bit of that crab rangoon dip - had a great cut of slightly seared tuna on each wonton nacho, yum. Second, the entrees: I got the Motherload sushi platter (of course the most expensive thing on the menu) and the pieces of sashimi were, again, very fresh, and the sushi roll was damn tasty. It also came with a spring roll whose accompanying peanut sauce came in a martini glass-esque container. The presentation was pretty awesome, mostly because I wasn't expecting such a gargantuan amount of food. I got to sample the mango tango roll, which was great with fresh jalapenos adding a kick to the fresh mango topping, and the grouper entree, which I wasn't a fan of because it was too heavy and not flavorful enough. Now, third, and finally, the dessert: Creme Brulee was very nice, but the chocolate cake was better-than-your-last-boyfriend-at-his-best good. Man, no one spoke as we shoveled fork fulls of decadent chocolate cake into our mouths. Damnnnnn. Okay, I'm done, I swear. Gooddddd. Okay. Decor was modern and hip, lots of post modern pieces of art depicting sushi/fish/cow in some form. Hostesses were great in getting us seated. Bartender was helpful in recommending a good beer. Waiter was definitely trying hard to get everything right and was super friendly. Only thing might be that the menu can be a tad overwhelming because there are so many choices, but that's it. Great date or dinner before a fun night out spot. Oh Cowfish, I'll be seeing more of you.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,3/17/2011,84,110,4,11,6>For some reason the first time we went to Intermezzo I wasn't really impressed.  It was right when they first opened and we sat outside in the heat with lots of traffic passing by.  We didn't even wander inside.  I wish I'd known that dining inside is a completely different experience.  This time around I loved Intermezzo!  The atmosphere was very cool and cozy and had that Plaza Midwood feel.  They have cool local art work on the brick walls and they had kind of a funky music playlist that half the time included rave/techno ish music and the rest of the time was more low key alternative.I don't know if it was just because I was starving, but I thought their pizza was amazing!  I actually ventured to say it's my new favorite pizza in Charlotte.  We had the supreme style pizza and all the veggies were so fresh and full of flavor.  Yum!  Plus they topped if off with slices of tomato which I'm not usually a big fan of but this time around I thought it was delicious.  Their menu isn't terribly extensive but it doesn't matter to me because I will always be ordering this pizza from now on.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,3/16/2011,4,113,2,2,2>Really fresh fish...great sushi rolls, excellent tuna tartare.  The restaurant was empty when we were there which made me sad for some reason...I want Simplee Sushi to do well!  The waitress was very sweet and helpful in picking out menu items.   The sushi chef has been perfecting his craft for 30 years.  I really hope Simplee Sushi sticks around...I will be a regular for take-out and eat-in!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,3/15/2011,118,281,4,8,8>The last remaining independently owned hotel in Uptown Charlotte. Sad, but true.While it may not be quite as high-falootin' as it was even 10 years ago, this is where I send out of town guests in need of a full service hotel. The rates have gotten somewhat reasonable as of late, which makes it accessible to middle-class peons like myself and my brethren. Old school is a good description of the whole shebag - although the rooms have been recently updated and are comfily redone. Beds are soft enough but not too much. They have large flat screens for those Law + Order-binge hotel stayers (like myself). The rooms on the upper floors have had their bathrooms completely remodeled - very modern, marble, with those slighty-freaky belly button-level spray things, I no likee but I guess some do. But the bar's in the lobby, the bartender's got some weird 6 button vest on, there's a huge ball of floral arranging changed daily in the middle of the retro-greecian-baroque Bowling Alley carpeted entryway, and the staff is slightly stuffy, adding to the whole old-money feel. Plus, for all their staff's scatterbrainedness, the Monticello (and now, the Harvest Moon Grille) is a great place to grab a dinner or brunch. Free parking even if you're just there to grab a well-made Martini. Awesome.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,3/14/2011,87,175,3,10,2>**Gem Alert**I have found another rare delight in Charlotte. This restaurant is right outside of Uptown but worth the travel. It begins with a perfect ambiance that is extremely complimentary to an all around delightful dining experience. You are able to bring your own bottle of wine and that truly helps keep your check in check. They prepare all the pasta on site and it is deliciously fresh. We started off with the mussels appetizer and we couldn't get enough. So many mussels!! And the sauce is the kind that you need to soak up every last drop with the bread. Which we did! For my entrée, I order the Smoked Chicken and Spinach Stuffed Angolini.. MMMMMmmmmmmmmm (see picture).. It was superb. My wife ordered some shrimp and pasta dish that I didn't try because my face was glued to my plate (See 2nd pic). I wish I went a little slower and enjoyed it more, but that is what the second trip is for. Right? I obviously recommend this restaurant and suggest you put it high on your list of places to try in the area.Helpful Facts:* Free valet parking* Great bar are if you have to wait* Huge wine selection if you don't want to byob/byow* Excellent service and knowledgeable staffEnjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,3/13/2011,1252,934,3,6,4>So the place has changed ownership....new to me..thanks Nicole!  A CMYE was there tonight...a few folks showed up.......other than me...whew!Place hasn't changed....great lay out...nice stage....big bar...and add in valet and you have a great night at the Music Factory complex.Looking forward to kicking back on their patio in the summer...until then I'll keep the place going till the "warmer weather folks" show up *wink*
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,3/12/2011,1034,436,17,17,20>There is some magic in the air about The Diamond, first of all the restaurant has been around Charlotte since 1945, it's kitchy and cozy.  The guys who took it over, polished it up without overdoing it or making it too cool for school.  It is packed tightly with tables, I don't remember it being so compact on my last visit, but it works.The powder, deep, robin's egg, Tiffany box.... blue vinyl booths give me a hard on.  I didn't know I was going to the Diamond on this sneak peek night, but Julia S. and the Mister texted me, so I headed over.  Since I wasn't hungry, I just ate a Winky Dinky dog and a shit ton of their french fries smoothered with pimento cheese and vegetarian gravy.  Jeez Louise.  I wonder what I would have consumed if I were hungry. Har, har, har.  Really, I don't even like gravy on my french fries and I could not stop eating.The Winky Dinky dog was served on a split top white bread bun, sent straight from white bread forbidden hell and it was delicious.  It really tasted like it was fried and finished on the grill, complete with the grill taste-   4th of July when you were a kid kinda taste, topped with chili and pimento cheese.  I added raw onion and yellow mustard and called it a day.I checked my Magic Eight Ball for the Diamond's future. Will The Diamond succeed?  It is decidedly so.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,3/11/2011,43,71,,8,5>After living in Northern Virginia for 8 years and having Peruvian rotisserie chicken for lunch about once every 2 weeks, I can safely say that it is one of my favorite comfort foods.  The skin is perfectly crispy, the meat moist and delicate, and the spices just enough to kick up the natural flavor of the bird.  Add in a plate full of yuca and beans, maybe a beef empanada to start, and a cold beer.  Heaven.Pio Pio nails it.  The food here is delicious, the service quick and friendly, and the location perfectly close to my house.  I can't say how excited I am to find good roasted chicken in my neighborhood.  The best part?  A quarter chicken is $3.50.  Yes, you read that right.Now, if only North Carolina would ease up on their draconian liquor laws and allow Pio Pio to serve real Peruvian and Colombian beer.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,3/10/2011,32,70,,13,4>This place has really improved over the last few years, and it's a staple with the folks at the neighboring offices.  I believe they brought in new management a few years ago and it's made a WORLD of difference in both service and quality of food.Unfortunately I'm a fan of fried (yah, I know) popcorn shrimp and Alaskan whitefish, and they prepare both beautifully here, in traditional "fish camp" style.  They really shine at lunch time, where daily specials are around FIVE BUCKS and you get dinner-size portions!  They do have broiled options, but those aren't available as lunch specials (however they're still priced reasonably).  One thing I like about them is that they're flexible.  This means that you don't HAVE to get fries with your meal; you can opt for a baked potato if you prefer and they don't say anything or get confused as some places do.  Or you can get double fries/no hush puppies...whatever works for YOU, not them.I think one of their star options is the "family pack" they offer.  This has got to be one of THE best deals in town, especially when trying to feed a family at dinner.  You get a TON of food for $27 & change (including tax!).   For under thirty dollars you get your choice of TWO seafood options (ie two lbs of baby shrimp and eight pieces of flounder), a very large box of hush puppies, and a very large box of fries or four baked potatoes.  You also get a TUB each of cocktail sauce, tarter sauce and cole slaw.  Plenty of food for a family of 2-4.  OH - you also get a half gallon of tea.Service here is always speedy and friendly as well, and that has a lot to do w/the change in management I believe.  I worked in the neighboring office for many years & for a while a few years ago we actually boycotted them for quite some time BECAUSE of their service.  But now they're wonderful!  Orders are always correct and on time (especially important when time is of the essence), and the employees are always super friendly and accommodating, and seem genuinely interested in making sure your experience is the best it can be.Harbor Inn - a great option for traditional seafood in the University City area.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,3/9/2011,87,274,6,4,3>Apparently this place is no longer a secret.  Just like any thrift store, patience is golden.  I have to say most clothing items here are... comical.  Who knows down-to-your-ankle denim skirt is still in?!  How about that floral dress completed with white lace trim handkerchief collar, HOT!  But if you spend enough time, flip through every item on those long racks, you will find some gems.  I bought my BCBG cocktail dress (barely worn if at all) for $5.50 (which was priced cheaper than an Old Navy sweater), my BCBG brown heels for $4.50, my Ann Taylor cream wool sweater for $3.50... you get the ideaThe down side of this place is NO fitting rooms.  However, you can bring items back for credit and get something else.  Personally I swear next time I will just wear my cami underneath my top and put on a show (I'll post my performance time, you bring the dollar bills).Here is a little PSA: All clothings will be 50% on 1/1/2011.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,3/8/2011,53,163,,6,2>By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  Its not a weekly stop because frankly I need a place to live and a car to drive (and eating here all the time would make me poor) so its reserved for special occasions, or a once every few months becasue I miss it so much and have to go back, type of place.The menu changes seasonally, except for some standards like the mussels and the roast chicken entree.  I like that it changes except for when I've had something so delicious I want it the next time I go and its gone =(Favorites have been the monkfish with lobster tempura and bok choy, a mixed greens salad with sweet potato fries, the pea soup, the corn soup, the lemon mascarpone cake (I dream about this), striped bass, flounder, the grouper with "clam chowder," the cosmos, I swear they make them the best I've ever had.  I could go on and on but I honestly can't remember every dish I've ever had what I do know is not once have I left and felt like my meal was medicore.Service is professional but also not pretentious.  I love when a server jokes around with the table but is not so intrusive that they act like we're all new BFF's.  And that is exactly how they deliver at Barrington's.Yes its small and yes its pricey but like I said its not a daily/weekly type place to eat out at.  I went in May and June and now that I am talking about it my stomach started growling and I want to go now!!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,3/7/2011,67,165,3,6,5>Okay - so if you've been working out awhile and need something to elevate your fitness, Ultimate Crossfit is the way to go. You will seriously feel like a beast after finishing one of the classes. Let me back up a bit.... So after doing the Yelp Kicks Butt Crossfit event, I was really keen to add Crossfit into my workout rotation. That said, YKB had an offer with Ultimate Crossfit for half-off a 10 Crossfit class pass. So I started emailing the GM, Mike, about a million questions and he was so helpful that I decided to try it out. You begin with two fundamentals classes where a trainer walks you through the correct way to do the moves, how to read whiteboards and how to work out on all the different machines, which include elements from gymnastics (rings, parallel bars), weights, weighted balls, weighted bars...well you get the idea. Not going to be a cakewalk. To give you an example, while pulling up to the gym around 6:45am for my first fundamentals class, there were people outside walking around with 45 pound plates held over their heads. Being early, and having had no coffee yet, I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. Once I met a few of the trainers and realized they weren't meat heads with drill sergeant tendencies, I began to relax. So back to today...I feel like a complete bad ass. Seriously. We did an intense warm-up and then moved into the WOD (workout of the day), which ended up being a total of 90 pull-ups, 45 overhead squats, and 20 bench presses. The other folks working out were really friendly and encouraged us newcomers. The trainer made sure to watch us to ensure we had good form and weren't feeling overwhelmed with the intensity of the workout. Our trainer also showed us an online tool to track our progress, which I thought was a really great way to keep people coming back. The music was high energy and there are two bathrooms (one with shower with another shower promised soon for those who need to go right into work). Ultimate Crossfit is a great way to kick it up a notch with it's great trainers, welcoming and supportive atmosphere, and kick ass workouts!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,3/6/2011,142,86,3,5,4>Here's a big hint: on Mondays, the burgers are half priced if you eat in!  They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.  I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips, they are light years better than the regular fries.  The burgers are huge, crumbly and messy, like a good hand made burger should be and they have a few different kinds, a friend had the lamb burger and said it was outstanding.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,3/5/2011,85,62,4,8,5>I visited Ishi tonight with some fellow yelpers (Megan P., BJ S, and Sam P) tonight and I was pleasantly surprised with the selection even if the inside was a bit grungy :) .  Our waitress was great - she had some awesome recommendations and I was very very pleased with her suggestions. I was barely able to eat the two rolls I ordered there was so much food and the display was very aesthetically pleasing!  I'd honestly rate this as a 3.5 experience, but because the service was great, I bumped it to 4.   If you are in the university area and want a low key sushi place, I'd recommend swinging by.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,3/4/2011,61,87,4,8,4>I was so impressed with Dressler's.  I have been there several times and the food and atmosphere is always great.  But on the last two visits I watched as the owner John Dressler introduced himself to all the tables... shaken hands and kissin babies as I like to say.  He made his way to our table and sat for a moment. I am always so impressed when an owner is so closely involved in their business.  He made us feel very welcome.  A few days later we visited his other location in the city in the Metropolitan.  He was there on that occasion as well and again sat for a spell.  I tell you he certainly set the bar pretty high in my opinion.  Restaurant owners take note this is how you gain repeat business.  Make everyone feel like family.  Who are we kidding, there are a million great restaurants in this city so you need to go over and above in my opinion and I think they certainly do. We will be back.  I fully recommend both locations, however, I live in the Birk so you'll probably find me there.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,3/3/2011,196,213,12,10,11>First impressions are lasting impressions right? Some might say it's ludicrous to grant 5 stars to a restaurant that you've only eaten at once, but these guys are on point. Not just with the service, but also the fantastic food. I have never been giddy for a restaurant before this. Ironically, the couple that came in after us was just as giddy. The kept talking about how their friend raved about the place and I can assure, it's not all hype.Everything is made to order so expect a wait for crabs and chat it up with the owners. Live crabs are delivered on Wednesdays and boy oh boy are they good. I can honestly say that the garlic crabs were some of the best crabs I've ever had. They were seriously Orgasmic with a capital O. What's KFC's slogan again? Finger licking good? Heeeeeck na, this place is so much more deserving. I seriously sucked every single one of my fingers. Crab cake kinda guy? The crab cakes were made just how I like them. Little filling, lots of crab lumps, cooked to a golden brown on both sides and amazingly tasty. Lemonade kinda person? They have some good homemade lemonade. Don't do crab? Okay how 'bout shrimp. The fried shrimp, OMG, seriously? My new, absolute favorite shrimp. And they tell me the steamed shrimp is even better! If you're worried about looking cute while you gnaw on a claw, don't stress too much, it's to-go only ATM. They do plan to expand next door and add seating though. The Crab Shack is just that; a Hole in the Wall. There's a counter, a kitchen, some benches, and two awesome owners manning the register and kitchen. Upon entering, you'll be happily greeted and they might ask how you heard about them. It seems most of their customer base is due to referrals and word of mouth. So if you still haven't heard, let my big mouth be the first to tell you. If you like crab, fish or shrimp, you must check out the Crab Shack!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,3/2/2011,33,176,2,4,3>Beer, Beer, Beer, Beer....All this fabulous beer that I have never heard of....I will have the Bud Light Please!!!  Seriously, that's really pretty much all I drink!! I have come in late at night after work and have sat inside and out on the patio both are great! The service has been hit or miss but I think for the most part its been very good! The bartenders know everything about the beer so no problems there!! The prices are really reasonable too!! The food has been good, Nachos being my favorite! The burgers are good as well with the french fries! I think it adds something great to Montford !!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,3/1/2011,306,1103,14,8,9>Cheap, tasty, delectable chicken that makes my mouth do a happy dance? Check.Said chicken meal including taters, hushpuppies, slaw and a roll? CheckCheap coffee for under $.75? CheckCharging for mustard and hot sauce? Check (being a frugal girl, this would bother me but they only charge a modest amount of $.05 so I can justify spending the extra nickel plus it amuses me)People watching aplenty? Check!Grease stain on my shirt? Double Check!!!Price's has everything I want yet don't need that's why it's only a once or twice a year stop for me. However, I didn't go last year so does that mean I can double up this year? We shall see.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,2/28/2011,75,581,4,7,5>Let me start by saying...I think the reason it is called Four Friends is the fact that the owners have taken the time to create deep rooted relationships with the people that purchase their finely developed hand crafted beer - from bar owners to the local dude just buying a growler or two. The owners are very proud of their brew - and they should be - their beer ROCKS!! I enjoy their beer so much, it has started to affect the establishments I choose to take my money to around Charlotte - I will go to the Four Friends website to check out what places are carrying their beers and I will go there with some friends and enjoy food and of course Four Friends Beer.  (fourfriendsbrewing.com)Their business/brewing location is a no frills, gets the job done kind of place located in your run of the mill office park, but when you walk in on Saturdays from 2-5, you are greeted by a cool style pub bar with the smiling happy faces of two of the Four Friends owners, Jon & Beth. They make you feel like this is your place too and that is one of the things that makes them so special!Last night I sampled the Extinction (IIPA), unfiltered Queen City Red (yum yum!) and an exotic specialty batch of Mango & White Chili Powder (I think that is what Jon told me?)  I will go every Saturday that I can make it!  This is a great launching point for any Saturday evening activities around town.I see nothing but great things for this local craft brewery - and remember...SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BUSINESSES LIKE FOUR FRIENDS!!!!!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,2/27/2011,149,99,3,3,3>Great little spot with very simple and delicious food.  The Greek sandwich is a must try, simply for the fantastic flavor of bleu cheese & italian dressing on a sandwich.  I also tried the lasagna and thought it was almost as good as mine...almost.  Cheap beers (if you've read my reviews, you know this is VERY important) and super fast and friendly service round this place out.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,2/26/2011,23,54,3,8,5>If it were not for the gift certifcate we had from a JDRF fundraiser I don't think I would have stepped foot into Basil.  I always drive past it and from the outside..it just looks like another Thai place that might be mistaken for a Chinese/Japanese restaurant. However, as soon as we walked in we were very surprized and impressed with the decor and that they were packed..on a Wed. night!  Our gift certificate had expired 2 weeks ago (I can't understand why a gift certifcate would expire).  The hostess at the desk didn't look like we were going to wiggle our way out of this one.  She called over the manager, Dillon, and he looked at the gift certifcate and said they would honor it and then thanked us for our donation to the JDRF.  Dillon seated us and took our drink order.  Hendrick Gin & Tonics - yes they had Hendricks AND they had cucumbers and didn't look at us strangely when we asked.  A+ already.  We started off with the Basil spring rolls.  They were very good and the dipping suace was very spicy, but you only got 2 of them for $6.95.  I thought that was a little pricey and I would have rather gone for the lettuce wraps. Dillon was very attentive and we had a great discussion about how the Uptown hotel market has been full for weeks and is booked until Thanksgiving.  He also made an excellent recommendation for a Pinot Noir and it wasn't the most expensive wine on the list.  For dinner, Jennifer our waitress was very helpful.  She said she liked the red curry dishes the best and suggested the Red Curry Duck  ($24.95).  We ordered the duck and the Pad Thai ($15.95).  The Red Curry Duck was awesome.  The Pad Thai had chicken and shrimp and it was very good.  One of the best Pad Thai I have had in awhile.  It did not stick together like a big wad of starchy noodles.  It was very good with enough of a helping of chicken and large size shrimp and a good amount of vegetables.  After dinner we went to the bar and finished our wine and had a rum mojito that was also very good.  The bar tender was personable and Dillon came over to check on us.  It was a great night and the food was superb.  Will definetly go back to Basil Thai.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,2/25/2011,143,211,3,2,2>Genaro's puts a good twist into the ethnic restaurants in the Charlotte area. Best way I can describe Peruvian food is to combine Mexican, Cuban and Portuguese foods together and you get Peruvian food. I have brought so many people to this restaurant including my employees which some of them are as Southern as they come. At first everyone is a little timid as soon as they hear where we are going but after I always get asked when we are going back. In fact I have a few companies that market me for business and I always get calls back to go there from the marketers. Its a win, win....Couple things you can always depend on Genaro's is quality foods with big bold Peruvian flavors. There chicken is made in their rotisserie, the sausages are homemade and their pork and steak always are topped with their fresh herbs. It is basically a Peruvian chimichurri. The prices are super cheap for the quality you get. Most meals are under $12. They have daily lunch specials that feed you like a king for about $6... how can you beat that? I strongly recommend going with someone and ordering themeal for two. I wont say what they call it because I will surely butcher the name. The meal for two basically comes with two sides of your choice. Their two sausages (blood sausage, and Chorizo) grilled pork, grilled ribeye and a piece of their rotisserie chicken. Trust me you will love this place and never leave with an empty stomach.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2011,2/24/2011,175,207,3,6,3>Pretty bar, nice people, wicked crowded, bad parking.We arrived around 1230 and I had to pay a $3 cover since I wasn't a member (not bad, but free is better). They have a downstairs bar, but we headed straight upstairs and was hit with a really crowded room. Everyone was nice, the bartenders are attentive, but it's hard to move in this place due to how many people come! They do have great outdoor balconies, but since the weather is chilly, no one was out there except to smoke.I had a Yuengling for $3.50 - not bad, but they have no taps and didn't have Sam Adams or Sam Adams Light, so I am not sure how good their beer selection is. Parking is annoying - very few spaces at the bar, oftentimes people have to park down side streets or in Einstein Bagel's parking lot.The bar was beautiful, so I would go back but due to the crowds and parking, I wouldn't suggest it for people who need personal space!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,2/23/2011,115,369,2,7,4>This place gives me hope of staying a healthy, balanced vegan while I live in Charlotte.I had the Sprout It Out Loud which is basically a salad with two different kinds of sprouts, greens, carrots, tasty dressing, and zucchini cut in such a way that it looks like noodles. The balance of textures and flavors was pretty incredible.They have a variety of heavier meals like vegan lasagna and veggie burgers. I'll definitely be back.The only set back I can think of is their hours. During the week they're only open until 7 and on the weekends they're open until 3pm (at least on Saturday).
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/22/2011,75,227,2,3,2>Here into my second week living in Charlotte I'm glad I made it out to Reedy Creek Park albeit on a chilly otherwise bleak winter day.  The park is quite large and seems to have a decent mixture of nature trails and athletic related areas.  We went straight to the Nature Center and looked at the interesting displays.  Was welcomed by the people at the counter which was a positive sign -- hard to believe some people with jobs like this could have a sour attitude.  The trails are interesting and well laid out, however even with a map and following the obvious lay of the land and lots of outdoor experience I still couldn't make out part of the trail to loop around the lake.  Bikes are prohibited in most areas it appears, which on a busy day I guess makes a lot of sense, although on an empty day like today it seems like a bike would have been a lot of fun.  As a nature preserve this seems to a pretty good park.  If you wanted to come in and out of here via non-motorized transport it would be far from ideal however.  Glad Charlotte has some decent green space.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,2/21/2011,47,112,5,7,3>IMO these are the best wings in Charlotte and I have tried a bunch of places that claim to be great.  It's a hole in the wall in a strip mall but they know how to make some fine wings and that's why the place is always busy.By far their best sauce is the Hot Gold.  Try your wings extra crispy with this warmy tangy sauce and some blu cheese to dip them in and you can't go wrong.  Very affordable as well.  A basket of seasoned fries will run you about $3 and their side salads are always fresh and tasty!  The wings are so good I almost hate to review this place as I don't want it to become too popular!  Do yourself and your taste buds a favor and stop in and try the Hot Gold.  The Hot Ranch isn't too shabby either!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,2/20/2011,7,41,3,4,4>I've been to my fair share of build-your-own-salad joints and this one is top notch. With salads, the little things can make or break them and, between the super-fresh ingredients and grilled-to-order toppings, Crisp really delivers. My favorite salads are the F.N.C. (fruit, nut, cheese) and steakhouse salads, but the specials are always good, as are the infinite combinations you can think of.And not feeling so green? The sandwiches are pretty darn good, too. And they come with a side salad or a delicious pasta salad.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,2/19/2011,92,370,2,8,5>Honestly, I kind of like the ghetto(you don't belong here) vibe of the Asian Corner mall, but for all you normal people out there this is a much better alternative.  Had no idea it was here, just happened to pass by and I'm always curious of diverse food in town.I'm not quite sure if I came on a special day or what, but I couldn't complain about any of the produce except for a few things that were priced accordingly(3 not so pretty japanese eggplant for a buck).  Fresh galangal, all kinds of good looking greens and fair priced herbs.  Super cheep tomatoes and shiitake's(although they are rather wet).Many different cuts of meat and all of them looked fresh.  A lot of things I'd never touch, but plenty that I will.  The seafood was fresh, mostly whole dressed fish, but 1.99 a pound for Tilapia, can't be beat.  There were some great looking tiger stripe shrimp, but I went for the much cheaper 31-40 count.  They did have some sashimi grade salmon that looked good.  Also, roe's in the sushi section and caviar up front.The spices were numerous and everywhere.  Normally priced(somewhat cheap) for an international mart.  Having similar spices in every inter-national section made things a little redundant.  But having a great variety of indian ingredients is going to prove to be a great resource.As far as frozen foods go, I've never seen this many different pot-stickers outside of San Fran or New York.  Almost all have MSG, but the restaurant grade ones don't.  I got that and some edamame.  Many other things too.The rest of the store is basic cooking vessels and kitchen needs, most cheaply made.  Then there is an interesting section with bidets and furniture.  If your tired, take a seat on the heated couch.I also noticed that there will be a new Vietnamese restaurant opening in the shopping center, that will be hard to beat.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,2/18/2011,41,41,3,5,4>I went to soul for the first time and thought it was stellar! = ) Our service was decent and the ambiance was nice. The plate portion sizes are perfect for ordering a lot of dishes to try and share. Perfect recipe for a social relaxing meal.Being a lacto-ovo vegitarian I chose the saganaki, wild mushroom toast, and the trio of spreads. All amazing. The mushroom toast with the egg was just... gosh darn fabulous. OHOHOHOHOH! You must try the goat cheese icecream. Big huge mouth orgasm... trust me
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2010,2/17/2011,7,23,3,4,3>This is definitely a late night spot. Generally speaking, I wouldn't want to eat what they serve unless I had some liquor in me. And, the silver prefab pod thingey is a trippy novelty if your'e in a "creative" mindspace. The inside is lit with yellow recessed lights accented with pink neon, so it's bright but not harshly so. Service was great and the food was acceptable. We ordered the uptown breakfast(s) and I had a side of mac n' cheese. The portions were smaller than I had anticipated but I don't suppose you really want large portions of the kind of foods they serve. The mac n cheese was mostly butter topped shredded orange cheese which I assume was cheddar.Coffee was excellent and our server was prompt about refilling. They have just obtained a liquor license so beer and liquor will become available in the coming weeks. The dining experience was totally satisfactory for 'late night.' And, as music lovers, my party and I were digging the gold record montages. Driving here is not recommended as there were at least 5 police cars on patrol and limited parking.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,2/16/2011,32,84,3,4,4>Love Love Love this place.  And it is open 24 hours!  I wish I could exclusively support businesses that are open 24 hours but that would reduce me to Amelie's and the Waffle House, so I've got to be realistic.  But, at the very least, I try to throw as much support to Amelie's as I can.Despite what some other reviewers have said, I love the decor here.  It is cleverly done vintage/DIY/Shabby Chic, and it works.  It has lots of different rooms, each with their own feel.  You can decide if you want to be in a quiet study room, a quiet conversation room, an atrium or the bustling business end.  Fantastic.  I have been this place quite a few times, too, and have always had excellent service, so not sure what these other gripes are about.  It does get busy at peak hours (weekend afternoons), so take that into consideration.  But, of course, you can always go at 2am, as well :)And the food is great, too.  I highly recommend the Napoleons, tea cakes, salted caramel brownies, twice-baked croissants, hot chocolate, their soups and the breakfast egg sandwiches.  Also, I often stop by to get a frozen baguette which you can pop in the oven and eat at your leisure later on.  My only nits are that I think their prices are a bit high, and I don't love their vanilla strawberry minicake (too much icing that needed to be served at room temperature (not chilled) and not enough strawberries and delicious cake).  These minor issues though, do nothing to detract from the overall awesomeness of this place.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,2/15/2011,18,15,8,10,7>I ate lunch at Fran's last week for the first time and WOW! I'm going to be back again and again.  I like the eclectic menu, it's not the usual boring..... burger, some sort of chicken, some sort of fish, sandwich with some canned choices of a side dish. Oh No,  Fran's menu is pure innovation. My server was well versed with the specials of the day and gave great service.  I got the sense that they mix it up in there from day to day.  I had what they called a meatball slider and Madone was it good.  I had a side of Mac and Cheese (which I consider myself a M-&-C connoisseur)  Even the Mac and Cheese had a Fran twist that separates it from the pack using several shapes of pasta and a few different cheeses.  It was the best M-&-C I've ever had in Charlotte (including what used to be my favorites Lupie's and Mac's BBQ).I was also impressed with the presentation. My ten dollar lunch was presented and garnished with the care, pride and attention like that of a Saturday Night, Uptown $50 Entrée at the newest sheik place with a trendy one syllable name.   The tableware was really cool and retro styled (Melmac or Fiestaware like) very fitting of the charming-ness and uniqueness of Fran's.Fran came out, introduced herself, welcomed me, asked what I thought and even gave me a couple of cookies.  How great is that?In short, awesome menu, excellent service at a great value.  Should I become a serial killer (though not likely), get captured, found guilty and sentenced to the death penalty, I want my last meal to be Fran's Mac and Cheese.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,2/14/2011,92,226,7,6,4>I am a regular at Press. They really should know my name, but they don't. Bitter, party of one. Well the old manager did, but she left for Soul. Alas. I eat lunch there on a regular basis to enjoy their hummus & tabbouleh wrap (fresh and delish!), the turkey and brie with fig marmalade panini or the mozzarella with sundried tomato and basil sandwich. C'est tres bon. Soups are usually good, though sometimes garlicky. Their make your own salads are OK. Their accompaniments of crackers and candy are sometimes indulgences (but skip the awful Snickerdoodles).  For dinner, some of their sushi is great, some needs some more vivre but is still good (press roll is amazing, apple jack is interesting, wasabi trio should be more zesty) . Their other dishes are crowd pleasers, but this is typically not a place to go after running 15 miles and you're starving. Their plates are small and well designed. Their fondue (cheese or chocolate) is fun and great for a girls' night out to pair with a nice bottle of wine at grocery prices. Tuesdays are $5 wines by the glass. They also have a game night and trivia night. It's a great neighborhood hang out. Chairs could be more comfortable, but it's fine and love the outdoor seating when the weather is nice. My #1 complaint? Seriously you have GOT to fix the ventilation (especially at lunch). I avoid going there if I have afternoon meetings because I come back to the office stinking of grease. Blech. It's not as bad at dinner because they're not running the panini press, but seriously, it's a nice place so get an extra vent in there, Pierre. Merci.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,2/12/2011,103,218,5,4,4>It was a cold and snowy Sunday afternoon... this reads like the start of a horror movie, but in the case of Vida there was no scare, just an relatively awesome food experience.Now in fairness, it was snowing outside and it was a holiday weekend, so my party of 3 basically had the whole restaurant to ourselves.  Our server spent all the time in the world making recommendations on the menu and describing the dishes while making sure our drinks never ran empty.  Real world experience?  I dunno, but our server's knowledge of the menu and the preparation of the dishes was impressive and spot on, so I'm impressed regardless of whether he was resigned to the fact we'd be his only table for lunch service.What impressed me most were the little extra touches that accompanied most dishes and drinks.  For example, I'm not quick to choose a margarita because of the sweetness or the cake of salt rimmed on the glass.  Vida, though, has a Partita, which uses agave nectar in place of sugar and fresh squeezed lime juice.  No salt needed because this guy is smooth and dangerous- as in, "I could've drunk them all afternoon and gotten seriously messed up."I also appreciated the inclusion of chipotle peppers in adobo sauce mixed into the salsa- it added that smoky zing that made the salsa memorable.  It was also adjustable according to your level of spice preference.  Perhaps it was the Partita getting to me, but I think I liked the first bowl clean.  Table-side guac is as fresh as it comes and also adjustable according to your likey of the spicy.  Just tell your chef as he mixes it all in the huge stone bowl before your eyes.  Freshly made chips, fried in-house accompanies your order, and our party of three cashed the whole thing.  My table shared three main dishes- the tortilla soup, a shrimp and lime salad, and carnita tacos.  All were very good.  The carnitas were some of the best I had, the meat was awesomely flavorful and moist.  The shrimp were grilled just right and the salad portion was sufficiently large.  In all, we three were stuffed and happy.But we couldn't stop there- we also were talked into the homemade churros.  They come out piping hot, freshly fried, with a bowl of rich and dark dipping chocolate.  Calories be damned, because these things were worth every extra lap around the neighborhood I'll have to run to work them off.  One plate was enough to share.Mexican is plentiful around Charlotte, but well-executed Mexican that stands out from the competition is hard to find.  Luckily for Vida, I think they've done it.  Each dish was smartly prepared without being an order-by-number conglomeration that is common at most Mexican joints.  If I had one suggestion, it would be that these guys get away from the mainly traditional dishes that populate their menu and get a little more creative.  The hints of inspiration are there and the kitchen obviously knows what it is doing, so I'd like to see them find new and interesting ways to bring those flavors to the table.  In the meantime, I will return, lured back by that awesome drink.  Viva Partita!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,2/11/2011,126,906,3,4,4>Been a member of the Y for a couple years now. The Dowd is the location I probably frequent the most since its convenient to downtown and I can stop in and get my workout in before work or while I'm out running errands.There are a lot of amenities that the Dowd has.... indoor pool, racketball courts, bball courts, cardiovascular machines, good size locker room facilities and towel service.I've attended a bunch of spin classes here which are great. Do need to go back at some point... I don't miss the terrifying walk down the stairs after the class since your legs are like jelly.... but that's what you do the class for.The Dowd also has a lot of running groups that meet in front and then take off running around the Dilworth area.    I think I even saw where they sponsored their own half marathon event a couple months ago.1 less star due to the gyms popularity.  Sometimes looking for a parking space can be a workout in itself.  Lately I've just been parking really far away and just jogging in with bag in tow... great warm up.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2010,2/10/2011,81,304,2,4,3>I had three keys cut here for a bit less than 7 bucks.  There were two men working on shoes.  I made eye contact with one, but either he was of dubious English ability or else was under strict orders not to handle customers directly because he didn't address me.  After a moment the other gentleman turned around to help me.It didn't take but a few minutes to match and copy my keys.  While he worked, another woman came into the store and waited unacknowledged while my keys were being made.  Perhaps she was very patient or maybe just familiar with the drill.  At any rate, even though there was a bit of awkward wait time to be helped, it wasn't anymore than the time it took to get help back at the Home Depot, so I won't dock for that.  I got my keys and I got 'em pretty quick and they work.  That's the quick and dirty of it.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,2/9/2011,46,86,7,5,4>Holy mackerel was this place amazing!! LBD status to the max.My father, cousin, bro in law, grandfather, and uncle all decided to come down for a weekend for some bball, football, & brews brew. I researched some places to take them to dinner. I'm tired of the traditional places here in Uptown (Blue, Cap Grille, etc), so I decided to try something new. Working at BofA and living on 7th, I rarely have the opportunity to venture down Tryon. This has opened my eyes to a whole new world, just like Aladdin.Not taking any chances, I made reservations for the 6 of us. For 7 pm, I really don't feel this would have been necessary, as the place was practically completely empty. Let me give you the run down of everything we ate. Please don't judge me. I know I'm a gavone :)__________________________________________________­_AppetizersLobster Mac & Cheese: Thought this was the worst of what we ate. Still, would order it again. Has a completely different texture of your traditional mac & cheese. Cornbread: Comes out in a hot skillet with melted pecan butter on top. Do I need to say anything more about this?Pei Mussels: WOW. The flavor of these mussels will stay with me for the rest of my life. The way they not only smelled, but tasted :)Shrimp & Grits: A teacher of mine used to say: "So good, it'll make you want to slap yo mama." Yeah, that applies here.Pork Belly Sliders: This could have been my meal and I'd be completely happy. I NEED THESE AGAIN!Stuffed Hushpuppies: Halved-hushpuppies, stuffed with crawfished and rock shrimp. This was the complete showstopper. It was spicy, but tasted so damn good.Some Special Bean Soup: I honestly don't remember the name of it, but it made me all warm and tingly inside. It was in like a beef broth with veggies, beens, and chunks of ham. Splendid__________________________________________________­__Dinner (yeah, we had room for this too)"Old World" Duck: This was the biggest piece of duck I have ever seen. It was cooked to complete perfection and had the perfect complimentary side of butternut squash. Hickory Beef Tenderloin: A hunk of beef, thrown onto a plate with phenomenal ( and i mean PHENOMENAL) risotto. I devoured this thing faster than you can read this off the menu."Duroc" Pork Chop: Although I did not have the pleasure of enjoying this, my cuz pounded it (not pounded out). It's a traditional pork chop, but with fresh homemade apple sauce along the side of it. He did not finish at the table, but instead finished while sitting in his underwear on my couch at midnight.So I decided to give this place 5 stars. But if you have read my reviews before, stars don't mean anything. It's all about the LBD scale, and let me tell you, this gets a 9.5 on the LBD scale. If I gave such raving reviews regarding the food, why a 9.5 you ask? BECAUSE I didn't get to try their desert. I'd be lying if I gave it a perfect 10 (like Scarlett Johannson) and it has a terrible desert. I will definitely be back there and will adjust the LBD scale accordingly.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,2/8/2011,49,143,2,5,1>I'm not big on buffets because they tend to only have 3 or 4 items that i actually like but this has to be one of the best buffets I've been to in a long time. they have a large selection and the food is fresh. the customer service is also good, at the time I was pregnant so idk if the manager was being nice because of that or if he was truly nice but they treated us very well. i went for their lunch special which to my surprise had just as much as they have at night. i also liked the fact that the food was not over seasoned, dry or salty. I left full and happy. I would take friends and family here because its not expensive and there is something for everyone to eat. I've been to some Asian buffets and not been happy, i can honestly say I was a satisfied customer when i left.One other thing I liked is the fact that they don't reheat or reuse food (or at least it seemed that way) and i say this because when lunch was over they let the employees have at what was left instead of throwing it away or trying to save it for dinner. Plus its nice that an employer cares enough about their employees to give them free lunch. I've worked in a restaurant before and we had to pay for everything. Happy employees means happy customers:)
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,2/7/2011,14,43,3,5,2>Rooster's is great, with a few nits I wish they would work on.  The place smells incredible, thanks to the wood-fired grill.  You may smell like you've been sitting around a fire when you leave, but it's a small trade off for great food.  The decor is a bit alarming - And I don't mean to scare you, but there are roosters on the wall.  Try not to upset them....I've eaten quite a few things off the menu and in generally, it's all really good.  The best tip I can provide is try the specials.  They are generally seasonal and local foods.   I have never been disappointed when order the specials.  Also - the vegetable they offer are just great too.  I'm typically a meat eater, but I enjoy getting a bunch of vegetables to try different things.My two nits about my numerous experience there:1) I've only ordered red wine there, and every time I find the wine is served around room temperature.  I know this sounds super pretentious, but I prefer my red wine chilled a bit.  Room temperature is just a bit too warm.  2) For as wide of menu as Rooster's offers, the drink menu is extremely light.  I would encourage them to develop some cool seasonal cocktails.  This was one missing piece to the experience....Absolutely head to Rooster's for a great meal - One of the best in Charlotte.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,2/6/2011,175,289,5,9,5>Ok...is it odd that I wanted to find something off about this place just to knock a star off it's pedestal? However, I must, enthusiastically, give it 5 stars as well! Andes mint brownies, morning glory muffins, ham & gruyere croissants, red pepper & cheddar scones...all do good! Yes, I decided to order a plethora of items for a recent house party. When in doubt, buy it all :)My favorite was the red pepper & cheddar scone. Can't beat a salt/sweet treat! They even have some unique low sugar carb beverages that are refreshing! Staff was very helpful and recommended the perfect items for my needs!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,2/5/2011,71,209,8,5,5>Eating at Three Amigos has the feeling of going over to your uncle's place for dinner...you know, if your uncle happens to be a fabulous Mexican cook.I came in and was greeted by a supremely huggable woman who gave me a basket of freshly made chips and salsa that smacked of cilantro. When I said I didn't want a drink, she asked again, this time in spanish.I decided on the Enchiladas Poblanas. They came with a rich mole that hinted strongly but did not scream of chocolate, and were topped with just the right amount of sour cream and cheese. The shredded chicken inside was super flavorful and not at all overcooked. The rice was mild but not dry and the beans were tasty. The waitress came back to check if I really didn't want water twice during the meal.The food itself was amazing but it was made all the better by the laughing, dancing and general warm atmosphere that accompanied them. The whole shebang came to about $10 with tip.Oh and next time I go back, I need to try one of those substantial margaritas made from the assorted bottles of liquor stashed on the random piece of furniture behind the counter. I mean, it IS within walking distance of my house.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,2/4/2011,117,303,4,7,4>I want to give this place one star just so it doesn't get ridiculously packed like it's twice removed cousin the Penguin.  However, I can't because it seems to be a little bit better, and some of those reasons are personal.  One reason is that it's a lot easier to get to and closer to my home and work.  Another reason is that it has more space.  And yet another is that they have better food - yes better food.  They have salads which are composed of mixed greens and fresh rather than shredded lettuce.  They have veggie corn dogs which my wife absolutely loved.  And the burger, although I ordered it well done, was still flavorful and juicy, with fresh green lettuce on it.  The service was good, and like the Penguin, it's very cheap.  I had not been in this neighborhood for a while, though I drive by it every day, and it has improved a lot over the last couple of years.  Pinky's should be the place that finally brings people into it.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,2/3/2011,24,91,2,6,3>When I ate meat, Eastern NC-style barbecue was one of my favorites... even now, it's a terrible, terrible temptation.  And Spoon's is the best - the BEST.We grew up going to Spoon's, mostly because we knew the family from church.  Back when I was a kid, I hated barbecue, so I often ordered the chicken or the fish n chips (both of which I remember being pretty tasty).  I have some very early memories of eating at Spoon's - the yellow and white checked tablecloths, the weird mural on the back wall, the hard strawberry candies, the letter from Dan Quayle, the banana pudding...For a period of years after I left Charlotte for college and adulthood, I didn't go to Spoon's.  I sort of forgot it existed.  And then, one day a few years ago, I visited again.  And it was EXACTLY THE SAME.  Seriously.  Nothing had changed.  We went for lunch, and when we paid, Bill Spoon looked at our check, commented that we wouldn't be coming back if they always charged us so much to eat, and promptly rounded down the tab.  Amazing.I love that Bill Spoon's is still around.  I love that they've never changed.  I love that it's still in the family.(Also, everything on the menu is awesome - the barbecue, obviously - but the banana pudding is really the best, most authentic NC banana pudding.  Marie Spoon used to save a bit for me every time we came, just in case they ran out.)
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,2/2/2011,76,167,4,8,8>I felt compelled to write a review of Thomas Street given the unfortunate press that has surrounded it lately.  I've been going to Thomas Street for about 2 years now and it has one of the most ecclectic and diverse crowds I've seen in Charlotte.  During the week, you will find a less crowded more chill scene, and on the weekend it is usually packed after 10:30 (but not in a way that makes it annoying).  The outside patio has cornhole, and ping pong tables -  inside there is pool and foozball.  The bartenders are very down to earth.  The drink prices are the best I've seen in Charlotte, and they are poured generously.  This is NOT a club scene, top 40 kind of place.  You will find a juke box with mostly alternative and classics.  Come dressed down, and be prepared to get comfortable and have a great time.  Oh, and if you are leaving the bar solo at night, a bartender or bouncer is always happy to walk you to your car (in fact, they insist!).There really isn't a bad thing I could say about Thomas Street.  It gets 5 stars because they also allow dogs on the patio :)*Please note, I reviewed Thomas Street Tavern as a bar, not a restaurant.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,2/1/2011,216,466,3,5,6>Oh I love the Beav....or as my friends and I like to call it ...the Angry Beaver...  You never know what you will encounter here.  Dont come as a snob, you will not be welcome!!!!  Ladies please feel free to dance on the bar but take it easy....if you watch while someone is up there you will see that the poor bar looks like it is gonna cave in.  The owners of this place are DOLLS and they will recognize you even if you just pop in occasionally.  Fantastic neighborhood place!!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,1/31/2011,56,106,2,5,3>Went there for the 49ers game yesterday. Besides the fact that the Panthers finally won, we thoroughly enjopyed the whole stadium experience. It was the first time my 5-year old went to a game so I was nervous about keeping him interested and engaged throughout a 4 hour football game in a 80F heat. But everyhting in the stadium got him so excited, that the time went by in a flash.We really liked the Philly Cheese steak, the BBQ sandwiches and the fact that you have "real' beer choices (draft) like Stella Artois etc, not just bottled Miller Light...Is it expensive? Sure. $4 for a bottle of water and $7 for a Stella is a tall order and we probably went through $80 for the 4 of us (without the actual tickets ;-) throughout the day.But I view it as a special event that we do maybe once or twice a year so from an entertainment value perspective it is definitely worth it to me!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,1/30/2011,93,189,5,8,4>Eddie's Place is as homely of a restaurant as you can try.  The no-frills Cotswold location has a wait staff with character and hearty food.  I'm pretty much sold on those points.I've been a few times and I've had their Greek Cheese steak-it's like a gyro on steroids!  Filled with lamb and beef, this gyro is hard to bet.  I'm not a fan of the fries however-they were "chipped" fried potato pieces without much substance.  The other sides are worthwhile however.  The staff are an absolute riot-I got "jostled" by my waiter for my indecisiveness.  Still, its a laid-back atmosphere and it certainly appears that the staff enjoy their job.  Our server was out to check on us regularly and we felt much love.  I'm going back to Eddie's at some point. The menu has some interesting treats, like Cajun dishes and really down-home dishes that I haven't seen in restaurants.  The beverage selection is top-notch, he-llo!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,1/29/2011,80,142,7,8,7>Psst! Hey got a secret to tell ya'll about...At South Park mall, they have fancy food court with a dozen of choices. If that isn't bag you have the California Pizza, Cheesecake Factory or Maggianos. The kids today growing up in America have it made when it comes to the mall dining experiencea. However, they are missing out on the old school department store diners. I am going to drop a little secret on you Charlotte and it is called Arthur's! This gem is hidden in the basement of the Belk Department store. Really,  I am not pulling your leg. If you take the down escalator into the ground floor past the small appliances, wedding registry and fine china you will found yourself starring at Arthur's cafe menu. First thing, the serve Cherry Coke and steak fries so they got my taste bud's attention. Arthur's is know for their great cheeseburgers (voted as best in Charlotte) and and check this out CHEESE STEAKS! I knew that would get your attention. For the ligher side, they have pretty tasty salads too!  Plus their ketchup and mustard is in the red and yellow plastic bottles, Old School style! None of those fancy little packets will be found here!If you need to recharge with a quick meal at South Park drop in on Arthur's. But lets keep this secret between us, ok! ;)
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/28/2011,60,250,8,7,5>I was wrong!  I thought I had tried everything that was on the menu here.  How did I miss the Chicken Parmesan Hero?!  I had it today.  It was FABULOUS!!Seriously kids....if you are not stopping in this place to have a meal with "Lucky Luciano" Suppa with some sort of regularity, then you are probably sitting home alone eating kibbles and bits with your hairless chihuahua.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,1/27/2011,174,84,3,7,7>The King's Kitchen moto speaks volumes....  "Where you FEAST TO FEED SOMEBODY.  We're a not for profit restaurant serving up southern cuisine made with fresh, local ingredients from right here in our community. And the proceeds go back to the community, helping to feed those in need. So, come on in. Because when you dine, the whole community thrives." This is what we had on our first visit....Pimiento Cheese with House Crackers, Deviled Eggs, Grandma Bennon's Pot Roast (falling off the bone good!), Mac & Cheese, Butter Beans, & Coconut Chess Pie!  YES, I LOVE TO EAT!!!  :)NEED I SAY MORE???  Go support this great restaurant!  Chef Jim Noble (Noble's and Rooster's) is the mastermind behind it!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,1/26/2011,20,71,2,5,4>I took the family there last night. Best. Pizza. This. Year.They've done something with their crust. It was positively addictive! It's not thick and doughy, but it is extremely tasty. My wife and I had their veggie pizza, which is an unusual blend of great stuff. (No, I'm not going to tell you. You have to go try it!)One of the twins had a meatball sub. He couldn't finish it, but he tried! The other one had a couple of slices of black olive and garlic pizza and wished he had ordered three slices. He was very happy.If you want quaint surroundings and an atmosphere filled with aromas that will pique your appetite, try this laid-back gem of Italiana in Town Center, down the hill from UNCC on 49. It's as good as, or better, than ever.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,1/25/2011,84,301,,5,3>Som Tum salad. Yum. It is the very best thing I've ever eaten in my whole, entire life. It's spicy. It's fruity. It's crunchy and salty and sweet and amazing. I've eaten it so many times lately that the waiters know I'm the Som Tum salad girl. I am also a fan of the mango sticky rice. I love Thai, but I think this is my favorite Thai restaurant in the whole world.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,1/24/2011,33,75,,6,4>I have eaten at Cantina, located across the street, many times and often thought about giving Lebowski's a try. About a week ago, my boyfriend and I decided to abandon Cantina and give Lebowski's a go. We ended up getting there a little after 10 o'clock and had NO idea that they stopped serving their whole menu about 5 minutes before we got there! We had to select from their late night fare which includes fairly basic bar food. I selected the Tuscan style burger with bruschetta, pesto aioli, and parmesan cheese with a side of garlic fries. The burger turned out to be really great and the fries were a great compliment. I usually prefer all the accoutrements with my burger but this one was really great on its own. My boyfriend got the Lebowski burger and loved it!In addition to the surprisingly great food, the service and atmosphere was great. They had some really good drink specials that day and are famous for their White Russians which I look forward to trying on my next visit!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,1/23/2011,112,425,4,4,4>I was pleasantly surprised by Mortimer's. It is on the quieter side of the Epicenter, across from Coldstone, and its appearance is unassuming. In fact, nothing about the restaurant really jumps out, but it is always a good place for a late night snack. The music is great (lots of stuff I remember from the late 90s, early 00s) and not as loud as it used to be. Maybe they listened to Yelp on that one ;-). The food is consistently good, and the drink specials are ridonculously cheap. $2 beer in a place that doesn't smell like frat-boy urine? Yes please!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,1/22/2011,199,213,4,9,6>This little pharmacy is located right across from ABC store in University area. I was recommended by a friend of mine to visit this place if I ever need any medicine. Well I figured I should pick up my acid reflux pill before I eat my pizza since it has lot of tomato/tomato paste. I got in and I was welcomed by this cute Pharm tech :) I started asking question because I needed something for my acid reflux and the Pharmacist came to help me since I was asking good questions. He suggested a medicine which helped me get a good night sleep with out worrying about my acid reflux and it didn't break my bank since it was OTC. He also asked me if I was talking any other drugs to make sure I don't get any side effect. Both employees were very friendly and talkative, I spend almost 30 minutes talking them rather then wait at other drug stores. On my way out, the pharmacist told me that if that don't do the justice, I will give you something better but I want you to start with low dose since you are just starting out.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,1/21/2011,217,84,7,13,9>In the ever evolving NoDa neighborhood, the space that used to be Niche and was Mamalu's before that, Jeff and Paul bring you Growlers Pourhouse.  On the corner and next to their other incarnation, the Crepe Cellar, GPH is a guy's bar that is girl friendly.The old world charm starts as soon as you walk through the huge antique Chinese estate door and it continues as you belly up to the bar next to the 1936 beer engine tapping cellar temperature craft beers.The chalkboard menu next to the bar lists the craft drafts by genre and it is hard to ignore the local staple, Pabst Blue Ribbon.  Especially with it being $1 on weekdays and $2 on Friday and Saturday.  That beer special alone should keep the lights on.The other chalkboard on the wall boasts the origin of their oysters on the half shell.  When you order food, they bring you an old spice (not the afters shave) box that houses your hot sauces, napkins, and crackers.The menu starts with the lighter fare such as chips and dips, truffle popcorn, and a few salads and then takes a turn with the oysters and peel and eat PBR shrimp.  The meat of the business seems to be the sausages and brats though.  From the potentially gut ripping chili cheese dog with peppers and onions to the Veganator option there is something for everyone.  I had the turkey apple sausage with the house mustard and it was quite tasty.The dessert portion of the menu is just as fun with marshmallows made in house for smores and nanner puddin'.The place is peppered with flat panel televisions and has the potential to be the place in NoDa to watch football on Sundays.  If only Jeff weren't a Cleveland Browns fan...
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,1/20/2011,49,306,5,5,5>Without doubt the best meal I've had in Charlotte to date.  I had all the dishes recommended by the many Yelp reviewers - the mussels, the lamb tagine, the pork bun - and each one vied for first place.  That Pork Bun.  I put it in caps for a reason.  That is a dish worth traveling for.  I feel like going back and ordering four of them.  Right now.After we left, we were dissecting the meal, and my wife said that the Gnocchini was her least favorite of the dishes we ordered.  I responded, "me too, but I really liked it."Bottom line is that everything they make appears to be incredible.I enjoyed the restaurant's interior as well.  It's very nicely decorated, and personally, I think it transports you to an experience that could be happening in New York, Chicago, etc.  Not that being in those places would be better, it's just that GFOM puts off a very cosmopolitan vibe.If there was a single low note to our visit, it was that our candle went out, and our waitress forgot our request for a lit one. (does that sound high maintenance?!?!  I hope not.  I really like a candle at the table in a dark restaurant.)  It was understandable, as the place was crazy busy.  We swiped a lit candle from a neighboring table when they left and it was all good from that point on.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,1/19/2011,15,137,1,10,6>Do NASCAR fans Yelp?  Well, this one does.My wife and I visited the NASCAR Hall of Fame on May 15, 2010, the first Saturday since it opened.We loved it.  I doubt that anyone who does not have at least a little appreciation for motor racing would enjoy it.  But I think it nevertheless deserves good marks, not just because it is NASCAR, but because it is very well done.There is plenty enough here to fill a day.  The main floor has eighteen authentic race cars representing different eras of NASCAR racing, on a progressively banked curved ramp that itself demonstrates (and is marked by) the different degrees of banking found at different NASCAR tracks.  Richard Petty's 43 and Dale Earnhardt's 3 are of course included.The second floor features demonstrations of a racing team's week, including a full-sized hauler, a clever hands-on pit stop demonstration, and a bevy of racing simulators.The third floor is full of historical artifacts, enough to resonate with the long-time fan or to educate the more recent fans.Staff and equipment still have bugs to work out.  From the parking garage, we got into an elevator with HOF Exec. Director Winston Kelley, who was pushing an empty cart of some sort and was tentative in giving us directions as to how to get into the Hall.  At the ticket booth we were told an equipment failure precluded them from taking credit cards.  Several requests for information or directions inside revealed a staff still learning how the place works.But those problems did not distract from our having a good time.  As a local and a NASCAR fan, I am thrilled with our new NASCAR Hall of Fame.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,1/18/2011,228,451,1,12,5>As a recent transplant to NC I was hoping to find a place comparable to the really good salons I've gone to in DC and San Francisco.  I know a tall order for a town that has the population of about 15K!  Still, thanks to Shanna K's review, I was glad to find Beauty Brands.I went in last night for a haircut and eyebrow waxing.  Lee was the salon Esthetician who I had my waxing appointment with.  She led me to a very tranquil room that had a sage type of wall paint and very calming music.  I right off felt at ease and actually thought I was on vacation.  Lee had done a lot of eyebrow waxings but she wasn't too familiar with my additional request, which was to also get access hair removal off my forehead.  She took the time to clearly understand what I was looking for and then proceeded to do a job well done.  I was surprised that she hadn't done more forehead waxings because she did a pretty good job with mine.  She was pleasant and chatted with me throughout the waxing and before setting me off to my haircut appointment she handed her card which showed she also does nails.  The next appointment I had was with Annie for a haircut.  When she walked up to me, she heard me talking with Lee about how to pronounce my name (I've come to accept that my name is really hard to pronounce for people who live in suburban areas, and I've got to repeat the correct pronounciation a bunch of times!).  Annie really tried to say it correctly but just couldn't get it.  I'll give her credit for trying though.  Aside from butchering my name, she was awesome.  She didn't blink an eye when she saw my unruly wavy, frizzy hair, and  took me straight to the sink for a shampoo wash.  After that when we discussed my cut, she wanted to know if I wanted to keep the layers in my hair or just go for a straight cut across the bottom.  I didn't even know I had layers and said ok, keep the layers.  That's all the instruction I gave, thinking nothing of the cut as I was only there for a trim, I couldn't believe the work she did.  She offered to blowdry and straighten my hair after she finished the cut and when I saw her work I was soo happy.  My hair felt light and the perfect length for summer weather.  She even gave me some bangs in the front that I love.  They charged $31 for the shampoo, cut and dry, and imo, it was totally worth it.Thank you Shanna K for your review and spotlight on this place, if I hadn't seen what you wrote, I probably wouldn't have made it to this salon!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2010,1/17/2011,208,546,2,5,2>Went to Nolen Kitchen last night with a very large group of boisterous girls celebrating three birthday parties! This would be a task for any restaurant but overall Nolen's  met our needs.Drinks: I went with the half price cocktails (score!) - I enjoyed a Stephenberry  $9 regular.  It was tasty if a bit on the weak side. I would never suggest paying full retail for this drink but $4.50 is acceptable. Dinner: I was not all that hungry but decided to branch out from my go-to Caesar Salad Lite Meal and went with the Grilled Cheese instead. I know what you're thinking- Grilled Cheese...really?! The menu described it  in a way that sounded absolutely delicious Sourdough bread with tomato, bacon and two types of cheese! It was good but not great- the fries were tasty and the ranch I asked for on the side was very herby and yummy . My total meal was $12 (not inc. tip).Service: This is where I have mixed reviews. Everything took kind of a long time to bring out (understandable) but it was staggered just a bit too much. When they did bring out something they stood with this dumbfound expression trying to remember what went to whom rather than just asking us (hey we realized it was a big group...and the food was getting cold). The last person did not get her meal until almost the entire table was done eating (her meal was comped after some complaining). The Bday girls were given Lemon Drops which was nice. I wasn't sure though if this was standard practice or if it was due to the fact that someone knew a server who worked there. The girls also brought their own desserts for the table - but we weren't given forks or napkins or anything - kind of a let down as well.So all in all they did try to make us happy- but they lacked some basic common sense in doing so. I would try again someday- but there are too many restaurants to try first!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2010,1/16/2011,38,184,3,5,4>Red Sea was our foray into Ethiopian food, and we liked it very much!  We've since been back a few times. This is a tiny place.  At first glance, it does not seem like much, with TVs blaring and very few tables for seating.  Once they turn down the TVs and turn on the music, the atmosphere becomes more inviting.  Service is usually pretty good, but there are often tables that need to be cleaned.We usually start with the sambusas - mini fried pies, one filled with lentil and the other beef.  Both are good, but the lentil one is a tad more flavorful.  They also seem to be reheated and not freshly made.For our entrees, we usually share the meat/veggie combo.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I tend to like veggie items better, and that is the case here.  The lentils are my favorite.  I'm not really fond of their adding salad to the veggie plate, however - it's hard to eat with injera and the dressing gets the bread soggy fast.  The lamb is my fav of the meats.  We order our food spicy, but the only item really packing any heat is the lentil/tomato dish.  All of this is served on a huge (15" in diameter?) piece of injera, a spongy thin bread that has a slightly tangy flavor and is delicious.  You also get injera on the side to use as your "utensils."  The shared dish is usually more than the two of us can eat! We love ethnic food and Red Sea is pretty good. did not disappoint.  I prefer the brighter and more inviting atmosphere of Meskerem, however, so we tend to eat there more often.  But Red Sea is still a close second, and we do return, if not as frequently since we've discovered Meskerem.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,1/15/2011,121,566,2,6,4>Finally, I made it to The Regal Manor Twin as it's referred to on Google but everyone knows and loves as the Manor Theater!  It was well worth the trip.  I'd heard from several sources that they showed independent and foreign films.  Want to step back sixty years into an old school movie house?  The concessions stand is tiny and gets crowded fast, but they have two large screening rooms with plenty of comfortable seats.  Bathrooms are upstairs from the lobby.  Parking is tight in front but there's also parking behind the theater and the flower shop on Fenton.On the way out I grabbed their free summer movie schedule to make sure I keep them on my radar.  The Manor doesn't just show movies to make money, they love movies.  Which is why I love them.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,1/14/2011,62,55,5,6,5>Domo Aragato for Nakato!!!!Yum is all I can say!!  Walking in to a grand foyer to be greeted by friendly hostess' and a minimal wait for the hibachi!  SO we mosied on over to the bar and made the decision to hit the mai tai!  Something fantastical about that drink!  LOL...  Once we made it to the hibachi grill the waitress took our order,being vegan I asked if they would be able to avoid the egg in the rice, once I said that she immediately offered all suggestions for me to eat!  I was shocked at the offering, usually not a normal approach from the wait staff!!  The MISO soup was by far the most flavorful that I've ever had!  It was flavor explosion in my mouf! (that's right... I called it a mouf)...  The vegetables with tofu were phenomenal as well and the pricing was moderate, moderate high, but for two full meals and a round of drinks for half the gaggle (two people) it was right on key... about 50 bucks or so!  Take your friends here if you wanna impress them with one of Charlotte's finest!  hands down 5 stars!  Can I throw in a comet!  Cuz this place is outta dis world!  :))
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,1/13/2011,155,972,4,6,6>Delicious! Great service. Fantastic options, veggie burgers included. Nice sized patio.How do you get your out-of-town friends to visit again? Take them to Big Daddy's! I thought I was impressing my friend by taking her all over almost every Charlotte neighborhood, but it wasn't until lunchtime with a hamburger in hand did she start to really sing praises. The burger was perfect, the fries were great. One of the managers came out to say hello and chatted a minute about being from Texas. I thought that was really friendly and created a personal connection. Thanks, Big Daddy, for taking the delicious measures to ensure the return of my friend to the Queen City!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,1/12/2011,187,1664,4,4,4>With NorCal nutjob Crazy Hazel G. in town and tearing up the QC, we decided to have another impromptu UYE - this time at The Philosopher's Stone Tavern.  Annie W., Denise E., Hazel G., Wild Bill F. and myself gathered for a late-afternoon session at the P-Stone.Mostly we just waited, as those in the know will understand - you wait to order, you (generally) get something, and you wait to order a refill, and you wait a while longer, and so on.  At least we were there to keep each other company.Because the weather outside was bordering on frightful, we hung out at a booth on the inside and noshed on a few eats that were generally somewhat tasty and just talked about the East Coast vs. West Coast.When things cleared up headed outside for a game of Cornhole, to show the Hazelnut how to play, since she had no idea what it was about.  Wild Bill schooled us all, though Hazel did manage to score, including one in the hole!  Unfortunately, with everything so nasty outside, it involved a good deal of dirt on the hands in the process...We never did see Pourina R., and at least a couple of the Charlotte bunch were across the state at an elite event, so it was just the five of us, but that doesn't mean it wasn't worth it.  Next time you should join us!Oh yeah - #600 FTW!
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,1/11/2011,104,306,6,6,7>Mac's is an appealing place to eat. Biker bar i guess, but when there are no bikes lined up outside, it's just a good place for BBQ.  Took our visitors here as part of my Mac's/OMB afternoon and everyone seemed quite satisfied with their meals. They both ordered the combo platter minus turkey (as advised by the waitress) and were very pleased naming the chicken as a top choice. This combo is a lot of meat, we didn't even eat dinner later that night, nobody had room. i went with the St Louis 1/2 slab of ribs that i honestly probably wouldn't order again. Maybe i should've added more sauce or something, but i was hoping for better. i'm going back to the pulled pork next time. The Brunswick Stew is always good,  however i couldn't imagine eating more than the side cup. Mac and cheese was good. The service was good baby. As long as you enjoy being called a whole slew of cute names, sweetheart. We got our drinks and were waiting for one more in our party to show up, although we were planning on ordering something without them, but our server waited for them to arrive before coming back.  With indoor and outdoor seating, it's a great place for some beer and BBQ.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,1/10/2011,64,504,3,5,4>I went to Pisces last Friday night with a friend of mine.  Street parking is pretty limited around the area, so I just parked on the 2nd floor of the parking deck next to Trader Joe's.  Because it was Friday around 7:00, I was afraid it would be crowded.  Fortunately for us, it wasn't.  We walked in and were immediately greeted and seated.  We followed the hostess through the dining room.  I liked the modern decor in the open restaurant.  Suddenly, we turned OUT of the dining room and down this corridor, which I wasn't expecting.  There were intimate booths down either side.  You entered the booth through this large round opening, which provided additional privacy.  "I wonder what kind of dirty stuff goes on back here?" my friend asked.  It provided a nice quiet, intimate environment for a romantic dinner or conversation.  Pisces had a special on a Cucumber Sake Martini that night, so we both decided to try it.  Wow.  It was amazing.  So refreshing, and it went down easily.  To start, I had their house salad with ginger dressing.  Mmm...  You can't go wrong with ginger dressing.  It really feels right before sushi.  I finished off the experience with a Hawaiian Poki roll and a Crunchy Spicy Tuna roll.  Both were delicious, fresh-tasting, and beautifully presented on the plate.  The prices are a reasonable, but by the time I was done with dinner and drinks, I think I spent $40 on myself alone.  Oh well...it was worth it.  The service was great, too.  Our server kept checking in on us.  After we finished, we wanted to talk longer and catch up; our server didn't hound us to leave.  She got a great tip, so no worries. :) When we finally left around 9:00, the place had really picked up in the main dining room.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,1/9/2011,162,138,4,9,3>I have to preface this by saying Thank You to Yelp. If it wasn't for Yelp I would have probably never found Mattie's Diner. Mattie's...Oh how I love you! You're the prefect Jersey Diner transplanted to the South. They do diner but oh so much better than your typical diner. I'm slowly making my way through the menu and have yet to be disappointed. My favorite menu item so far is the Buffalo Chicken Get Down Dip. Ask anyone you know...they'll tell you Anika doesn't like  Blue Cheese. Apparently there's a ton of blue cheese in the dip but it's so expertly combined with the other ingredients...I don't even taste it.For breakfast I've had the egg in a basket...my favorite breakfast dish BTW and Mattie's makes it just the way I like it. The egg is just a little but runny and the toast is crisp and buttery. The home fries are yummy and seasoned just right.For dinner I've had the meatloaf and it's just like Mom would make. It's oozing with Mozzarella and is topped with caramelized onions. The mashed potatoes and mac and cheese are the best sides to go with the meatloaf.The carrot cake is huge and ridiculously good. We usually start our meal with a slice. It's moist and has just the right amount of icing. Oh and the Milkshakes....OMG! SO freaking good. I've gone to Mattie's just for a Milkshake and Chicken dip. I promise you won't be disappointed. Go check out Mattie's for an authentic East Coast Diner experience.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,1/8/2011,31,101,,26,9>Went there on a date night and wasn't disappointed! We've been looking for restaurants in Charlotte that remind us of the Northeast, and George's definitely fits the bill - stylish, casual, great menu and fun wine list. We sat outside, on the lovely patio that faces the common fountain (shared by Brio and Del Frisco's). The atmosphere really did feel a little bit Parisian, down to the small lights hanging from the awning to the wicker furniture. Really a lovely environment to have a french meal. We leveraged the house wine specials and had a carafe of the Sauvignon Blanc, excellent value and a good light white wine to start the evening. After a lot of debate, we settled on the green salad with dijon vinaigrette and the mussels in white wine. I've had a many renditions of this dish (including memorable versions in SF, Boston, and Spain). This was a very straightforward rendition, but the mussels were fresh and the broth was quite pleasant (and dippable). Salad had a bit too much dressing but was good otherwise. For our main meal I couldn't resist and order the steak frites (hanger steak with blue cheese butter). To me this dish is a true bistro test - if you can't cook a good piece of meat and make french fries, forget about making trout almondien or Beef Burgundy. The hanger steak was excellent, medium rare as ordered and clearly seared in a high heat environment. Fries were addictive (good sign) but over-salted. Oh yes, the blue cheese butter was as decedent as it sounds. My wife had the lobster ravioli special - 2 giant ravioli's made with 3 oz of lobster meat, served in a shrimp and tarragon sauce with a tomato coulit. Simply put, it was amazing - not a traditional bistro meal, but superb (and a great deal). For desert, we split the lemon tart - while the filling was very good and obviously fresh, the shell was slightly burned with really took away from the dish. Service was very well paced - some would say slow, but for those looking to enjoy their meal (and their company), it was just right. Our server was professional, gave us good suggestions, and wasn't obtrusive. Overall I'm really happy that this restaurant has opened and hope that folks visit often because we need more local places like this!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,1/7/2011,69,395,2,5,2>This farmer's market is great.  It consists of 4 large pavilions with everything from vegetables, fruits, bakery fresh bread, canned goods, meats, cheeses, dips, pies, crafts, plants and more.  I recommend walking through the entire place to get an idea of what's available for beginning purchasing.  Oftentimes you encounter farmer's markets that are overpriced.  This market is the exception - you can find some great, fresh values in the raw stands.  It gets a little more pricey when you hit the prepared foods.  I see this market more as a place where people go to get shopping done (versus a stroll around, look at art and listen to some local musicians while casually buying vegetables place) so you lose some of the ambience.  Also, no pets are allowed in the pavilions.  Check it out!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,1/6/2011,205,512,3,5,4>Ok, so I was in a pasta type of mood and decided to try Luce to see if all the hype was legit..........and I'll just say that Luce has been added to my Italiano list:-)  I had the express lunch which includes bread, soup or salad, an entree and a drink for $13 guaranteed in 30 minutes or less.  The soup of the day was lobster bisque, which was super yummy with the bread and my entree was the buttera(tubular pasta, italian sausage, sweet peas and tomato-cream sauce).....double yummy!  Hand clap for Luce, I may just have to check out their sister restaurants too!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,1/5/2011,255,284,3,6,6>Biggest pho place I've ever seen, and also only one that doubles as a banquet hall. Right off the lively street known as South Blvd, Saigon Palace (not to be confused with Saigon Bistro on the other side of town) has everything you need for your pho and bun cravings (which I have very frequently).Had the grilled shrimp bun which is soup-less vermicelli, lettuce, bean sprouts, and grilled shrimp flavored with fish sauce. It was yummy, as was the spring roll appetizer. The service was great and waiters very nice. I definitely need to go back and try their pho!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,1/4/2011,761,516,8,23,17>Very cool new nail bar and spa in town and this place is huge.  Talk about spending the day at the spa grab a glass of wine, sit in a cozy reclining chair enjoy a relaxing pedicure then walk up to the manicure bar nope thats not all make sure to get a tan, get your hair done, get a water massage (not sure the name of that machine) move onto a couples massage and book your party in the back room with a 50inch screen for karaoke.  yup that's right karaoke. And folks this place is no joke its huge its beautiful and the staff are all wonderful.  A must on your to do list.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,1/3/2011,36,62,4,5,3>My first time here I came with Pourina and I will say that it was quite bland.  The place was under construction and overall I was disappointed for my first time having fish tacos.In the past two weeks I've frequented this place and I absolutely love it!  With the patio outside and this nice weather we've had lately it is such a cool place to chill.  The crowd seems kinda hip in the way Noda usually is and the service has been decent recently.  Again the patio is cool as hell, I don't know why I like it so much.  I want to go on a sunday, smoke my cigar, drink corona, eat some tacos, and play cards with friends out there.  Now the food, FAR better than my first time.  I've had a few things but I keep going back to the Tuna tacos with wasabi honey sauce. I forget the name of them but its the bottom of menu, its off the chizzzzzzzzzain!Seriously, can't say much for the rest of the menu but those Tuna Tacos are the heat.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,1/2/2011,84,110,5,6,7>Mmmmmm....  Shake Shack....  I'm beginning to appreciate this place more and more as I continue to strike out at other ice cream and dessert shops.  This place is wonderful!  As previously stated by Sam P, they serve Tony's ice cream which is made on-site at Tony's Ice Cream Company in Gastonia.  The ice cream has a wonderfully rich, fresh flavor without all the extra candy, cookies, and additional add-ins that comes standard in most other ice cream places.  They do have flavors like cookies and cream and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream that has some of those add-ins, but they make it the right way where the add-in pieces supplement the ice cream flavor, not the other way around.  Just like Tony's Ice Cream in Gastonia, their specialty (which is pretty obvious by their name) is milkshakes.  If you plan on trying a milkshake, I would recommend not eating before you go because these things are like a full meal.  I'm not sure how many scoops of ice cream goes in these things, but they're served in a huge over-sized styrofoam cup.  The best part of these milkshakes is they are topped off with a giant extra scoop of whatever ice cream was used to make it.  I usually shy away from milkshakes because I enjoy scooping up thick full bites of ice cream with a spoon, but these milkshakes are the best of both worlds!  First I get to stuff my face with a gi-normous mound of ice cream, then I get to sip the rest of the delicious shake down with a straw.  It's like heaven!  And one of the best parts about the Shake Shack is the price.  Their shakes are probably the most expensive items on the menu at around $4 (which is still not bad for the amount you get), but scoops of ice cream in a cup are very reasonably priced.  Much cheaper than any chain place you'll go to.  The location is out of the way for most QC folk, but if you ever find yourself at Wilkinson and 485, it's worth a stop.  Just remember to bring cash.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,1/1/2011,118,281,4,8,7>Sweet! A farmer's market in the center of town, in a new, well designed space, indoors.Variety of ready-to-eats, including one booth full of vegetarian/vegan only pies, pastas, soups, salads. You could totally make this a stop for lunch and be satisfied, for cheap.On offering today: local cheese, eggs, meat, chocolate, greens and bread. Saw a gorgeous bag salad greens mix sprinkled with edible flowers - colorful shard - some beautiful foccacia. Staff and sellers were sweet and smiley. There's even an info booth at the front, with cute bags for sale, if you're looking for particulars.What I'd like to see: more sellers! Locally roasted coffee would be awesome, dairy counter (local milk FTW), more cheese, maybe someone selling fungus. This is only week 2 of Atherton Mkt being open (although these, I think, are the same peeps that put together the Tailgate Market) so we'll see. There's a lot of empty space, and a ton of potential. Hours are perfect for stopping by at lunch or after work - Tuesdays, 11:30-6:30. Or hit 'em on the weekend - Saturdays, 9-2. Hifive guys! See ya next Tues!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,12/31/2010,87,175,3,4,3>**Gem Alert**  I am always on the look for spots like this.  The secret restaurant/bar spots that nobody knows about.  My goal: To make people aware of this place so that it stays open and busy.  As you can tell, I love this place. Don't be fooled by the entrance.  You have to trust me and take that leap of faith up the secret stair corridor.  The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor and has such a wonderful view of Tryon St. and the Performing Arts Center.  You can relax in a modern Asian/American style ambiance while taking in the busiest part of the city.  Everything is brand new and the bar sports some real sweet flat screens in extremely convenient palced locations.Now the food... We ordered the lettuce wraps and crab fon doo thingy (fried crab wonton thing). Wow! One more time... Wow!  Real nice size portions and they hit the spot perfectly.  You have multiple spice options: X1, X2, X3, and Death.. Haha.  We did X1 and it was very mild.  Which is just the way my Wife likes it.  They have a great selection of beers on draft and one that is always $2.  Strike up a conversation with the Andys.  Andy and Andy are extremely friendly and they really take care of you.  Great late night atmosphere as well as any lunch/dinner time.  Update: This restaurant/bar is really starting to blossom and establish itself in the city.  The staff/management are vivacious and knowledgeable.  And honestly, you cannot over-value a good bartender and they have a true professional behind the bar.  Richard, not only, knows his drinks, but he entertains you with his bartending skills and good conversation.  If you get a chance, you gotta meet the manager, Dan.  Extremely friendly and he has this place going in such an exciting direction.  They all truly prioritize the customer's needs above all and that makes everything else even better.  Trust me on this one peoples.  Stop by THE WOK!!  Enjoy!-Ian M.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,12/30/2010,1034,436,9,15,13>Hey Mister, have you got a dime?  OK, so the coolest thing on the table at Cyros is the soy sauce mister, or actually Julia S (victorian nerd) corrected us and said it was atomizer. We atomized our sushi bites, much better, you get the flavor without the sushi falling apart from dunking and I am sure the salt intake for your meal has to be a million times healthier.  The staff is very genuine and our server Meghan was off the charts enthusiastic and knowledgeable. I am also a big sake fan, I love to try different sakes.  If you have only had warm sake in the tiny white cups, you are in for a treat with all the fancy smancy sakes around town. Cyros has an extensive sake menu and offers half bottles, they seem expensive, but these are small batches, hand crafted rice wines.  The cloudy, unfiltered, served cold are my favorite and most high end sakes are also glutten free. For all the people who still want a buzz but have food allergies.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,12/29/2010,43,71,3,7,4>In short, this place serves up super tasty Italian food and pizza with local hospitality and charm.After receiving several recommendations for Portofino's, we finally got around to sampling their fare.  I ordered my standard Italian dish, lasagna bolognese, and my wife ordered a plain cheese pizza.  The lasagna was very good but that pizza?  Oh man, did I order wrong!  I could not stop asking her for just one more bite.Be aware that this place is like a local version of a Carrabba's or a Macaroni Grill, only with MUCH better food and no cheesy artificial flair.  If you want a family friendly joint to serve up some great tomato sauce and cheese, this is the place.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,12/28/2010,32,70,4,15,5>A treasure trove of all things "traditional" for your home tucked away on Selwyn amongst the upscale antiques stores.  If you're a Modernist or like very clean, simple lines, then this isn't your spot; you should stick with Design Within Reach or Crate & Barrel.  But if you like more traditional (and sometimes quirky) decor for your home that you won't find at national retailers like Kirklands (gasp) and the usual "big box" stores, then gas up the SUV & visit The Brass Exchange.   I just wish they were open on Sunday like the Blowing Rock store.This shop is CHOCKED FULL of merchandise from one corner to the next (it's often difficult to move around, it's so full).  Although it isn't a very large store, you can spend an afternoon browsing since you'll miss something the first time around.  And in general, the prices are really very reasonable.  On my last trip I found these awesome sizable antique Audubon-style bird prints for only $39!  I mean lets be serious, they'd be twice that at TARGET for goodness sake (if you saw them you'd understand).  There's everything from furniture from Indonesia & France to oil paintings (this location only), to knick-knacks, to designer accessories (Uttermost ), to lamps & everything in-between.  In general, nothing's run-of-the-mill here, although I have found items here that I've seen in high-end catalogs for MUUUCH less...SCORE!!The ladies that work there are always VERY helpful and friendly and never hover as tends to be typical in a store like this; they let you browse at your leisure as long as you like and are there when you need assistance.  They once helped me track down an item I'd seen in the Blowing Rock store that they no longer carried at their location...but lucky me had two left & were stuck waaay back high on a shelf in the far corner.  Both ladies were nothing short of determined to help me with this small $15 find.  THAT'S customer service (and as a customer service trainer, this is near-n-dear to my heart).  The Brass Exchange - a gem of a shop nestled in Myers Park.  Go lose yourself & bring back a little something to spiff up your home this weekend :).
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2010,12/27/2010,1252,934,7,6,6>Great view!!!  Really, seriously.Hostesses greet you and are very helpful.  Decor is a bit weird....like an old guys expensive condo and trying to be hip? Didn't eat, but did drink....but when I went to pay my bill with a $50 and got back like $9bucks?   "Uh honey....2 beers from a $50 isn't $9 in change".....I think they hired the short blond bartender for reasons other than basic math..if you know what I mean....This is the place you want to take a date...have drinks...a nice dinner and enjoy the time....folks here are well mannered and behaved....as it should be in the South *wink*
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,12/26/2010,53,163,2,6,4>Still a 5 star experience!  Took advantage of a $3 pint, the Spaten Oktoberfest.  Wasn't quite as good as being in Munich in the Spaten tent for Oktoberfest, but it was a darn good beer!  The St. Rita cocktail was good, and we also had a good bottle of Malbec.  Food is all still just as great, mussels, frites, crostini and scallops.  I could have ate more but we had to get to a show.  I really like it here, oh and it got crowded for a Monday, had not experienced that here before!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,12/25/2010,142,86,3,12,4>Ladies, go on Thursdays.  They have this event called Strike in the City and you get free stuff, free bowling if you register online (strikeinthecity.com) and free shoe rental and your friends pay only $5 to play/shoe rental.  Also, half price cocktails, you get a coupon for a free cosmo and free appetizers.  Different local business have giveaways and Strike City gives away a big prize like a designer purse or sunglasses or shoes.  You cannot beat free and it was super fun, even if I did do a horrific job at bowling (I swear i'm better on Wii Bowling!)And the DJ was freakin' awesome.  So awesome, in fact, that we went up and told him so.  I hope he's there every Thursday because he was picking the exact right jams.  And the plus size, it's not terribly packed on a Thursday, which makes it fairly easy to get a lane.  They have a decent beer selection (with craft and local brews) and the pizza is fantastic (I think they share a kitchen with Libretto's).  They also have a $6.95 lunch every day, which in uptown, you can't beat.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,12/24/2010,85,62,5,8,6>I went to Fiamma on a double date last night - and overall it was a really great time!  We were greeted immediately upon entering and the decor of the place was really quite charming.  The waitress was very on top of the specials and recommended a very good white wine for the table.  We ordered 3 appetizers and all were piled high with food and tasted amazingly good.  For the main course, I ordered a pounded chicken over potatoes and caramelized onions.  The potatoes and onions were great, but I wasn't too excited about the chicken - it was good, but it definitely wasn't mind blowing or anything like much of the rest of the meal.  Everyone at the tabled seemed to really enjoy the overall experience as well as all of the different foods that we were able to try.  This would be a great place to take someone on a date - moderately priced, quiet, low level lighting, easy to find - overall a solid 4 star experience for me.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,12/23/2010,61,87,3,8,6>I think this is one of my favorite places to be on a warm summer night.  I love to sit outside and gaze at all the twinklies....it is the most beautiful view of the city.  My man and I like to sit upstairs in the lounge area.  The bartenders are great.  The service is spot on.  Their food is really good too.  We always get the cheese tray, it has the best selection of cheeses and sweet touches like honey and fig marmalade.  I am a huge tapas fan so we typically get a bunch of appetizers and split them.  They have a nice wine selection and it is reasonably priced.  This place is really sexy.  Check it out.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,12/22/2010,196,213,9,8,5>I must profess my love for Showmars. There aren't many businesses that deserve 5 stars, but Showmars is on point. Everything is good. Customer service, all of the food and without a doubt, the undisputed star of the show - the Fish Sandwich. I've ordered it over 2 dozen times and each bite is as still as good as the first. The English language and Roman Alphabet alone cannot describe the satisfaction and pure bliss that it brings me. I wish you all could hear me and see my facial expressions. That fish sandwich my friends, with tartar and coleslaw really is the world's greatest.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/21/2010,306,1103,5,6,5>Passing by the sketchtastic strip mall this Bistro La Bon is in, I would have never guessed such a wonderful place could exist within it. Before even walking through the door, the aroma of bacon, eggs and other goodies hit me and I knew I had made the right decision to dine here. This is a smaller establishment so reservations would probably be good and you will see a variety of people there being Plaza Midwood and all. Not being too impressed by the brunch options in Charlotte I was hoping they wouldn't let me down and they didn't, not even in the slightest way. They have a wonderful selection of brunch goodies such as the standard eggs, bacon and pastries but also some other random bites like swedish meatballs, pot roast, pasta salad (with a kick!),homemade mozzarella with tomato and basil and more. Unlike some other establishments, the selection isn't overwhelming which is a nice change of pace since I like to go to the buffet line with a plan of attack. Along with the buffet you can order their chocolate waffles, which were fantastic but too savory to eat on my own or their french toast----this was my favorite. It was in a pool of syrup and melted in my mouth, I like that. My only complaint was that the sweet potatoes and au gratin potatoes seemed a little under cooked and being a carboholic, that brought me down.  Save room for the pastries such as their Girl Scout Samoa cookie like macaroons (one may have magically slipped in a napkin for enjoyment later) or pumpkin muffins. They also had $4 Bloody Mary's and $3 Mimosas so start your Sunday morning....ehh...afternoon right and check this place out.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,12/20/2010,33,176,4,5,6>I LOVE Paper Skyscraper!! They have everything you could want from cards, to cooking utensils, to scarves, to handbags, to books, to sex items...you get the picture!! Seriously though I can just walk around in here for a good hour and find soo much stuff that I want!! They have some of the best cards and wrapping paper!! They carry some local art as well which if you have a chance to look at them they are really cool!! I feel bad I can't remember his name but he goes around Charlotte and he paints on the side of the road. He has done a lot of NODA. Sorry I hope that helps. They have great books too!! I just really like this place the people working there are always great and helpful if you need anything!!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/17/2010,3,27,2,5,3>Very good Southern food buffet.  The chicken was excellent and all of the veggies were delicious.  I had turkey with gravy and stuffing, fried chicken, baked chicken, fried pickles, fried green tomatoes, baked sweet potatoes with marshmallows, broccoli casserole, and mac and cheese.  Everything was good, no complaints.  Service was courteous and prompt.  Tables were clean, food area was clean and organized, price was less than $10 per person including a drink.  I went on a Wednesday, and each day they have different selections added for variety.  They are closed on Monday.  Highly recommended if you like that type of cuisine.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,12/16/2010,53,97,6,5,3>Well, contrary to Garrett, I consider this a perfect place for a date, for people like me who like music more than mush. The bands are always diverse, and I've never heard one I didn't like. The beer is cheap ($3 Tallboys, $2 Mickey's), the bartenders are good, the cover is reasonable. You can choose to be right up front and get sweated and/or trampled on, hang out in the back on a (kind of skeezy-looking, but comfortable) couch, or chill in the bar room in an old diner booth. I recently met a Charlotte newcomer friend of mine here for a show- his text when he got there was "I've been here 30 seconds and I already love it."The only complaint I have is the bathrooms. When you're selling Tallboys that cheap, you can't expect people to just hold it until they get home. And I'm not a bathroom snob- I expect dive bar bathrooms at a dive bar. All I ask for is toilet paper, soap, and DEAR GOD, pour bleach or something down the men's toilet every now and again, it's stinking up the whole hallway. Generally speaking, you'll find me here at least a few times a month. I'll be the girl with a PBR standing next the the stepladder.Oh, P.S., cash-only bar.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,12/15/2010,143,211,5,6,4>This review is for Sushi only. Personally if I go to a sushi bar I wont order anything but sushi. The person next to me did have some kind of burger and it was huge and looked really good. If your a sushi lover and If you have ever been to EEZ fusion in Birkdale village(SAME OWNERS) and enjoyed it then you will love Cowfish. The sushi at Cowfish and EEZ is the best around. They have the freshest sashimi and the biggest and tastiest rolls. In addition to the sushi you have to try the crab rangoon dip. The dip may actually be better than eating a crab rangoon itself. They drizzle a special sauce over the fried wontons to start and you can eat the wontons plain the sauce is so good. There sushi bar is pretty cool as well. They have screens on the bar that you can play all kinds of games. I could really care less but the only drawbacks about the restaurant is that the bathrooms are extremely small. One bathroom is for only one person at a time. The parking is a bit limited as well. Unless your lucky and find a spot in front of the restaurant you will have to park in the garage. The garage is about a block away. They do have some good sake's. If you a sake enthusiast however then the sake list seems a bit more limited then what EEZ carries. But for being in a new area like South Park the list may grow as they develop and learn the clientel that will come in.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/14/2010,115,369,3,6,5>I went here on a date and we started with the veggie spring rolls. They were the non-fried kind and were better than I was expecting (although more basil would have made them perfect). For an entree I had the Pad Prik Khing with Tofu and it was pretty good. You can do a spiciness rating of 1-5 so that helps adjust to your personal liking (I had a 3 and it was just the right amount of chili pepper). The staff split their tips so you get your food delivered to your table immediately and all of the waitresses were really good at making sure you had enough water.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,12/13/2010,5,13,4,5,5>I've heard so many wonderful things about Fenwick's and after 5 years of living in Charlotte, I finally tried it!  AND so glad I did!!  The hummus was amazing.  My veggie burger was incredible.  The patio seating outside was so peaceful...our server was beyond attentive!  And only a 2 minute walk from the regal manor twin for a movie afterwards :)
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,12/12/2010,20,15,2,8,5>Finally Charlotte has a unique jewelry shop that incorporates art, creativity and talent to create amazing, one of a kind pieces with personality. Custom has handcrafted jewelry created by an incredibly talented, experienced jeweler and artist in the heart of NoDa. This is not just another, run of the mill, mundane jewelry store. It is somewhere you can go to find pieces that are made on site and can even be customized to fit your personal style. To top it off, the shop is owned and operated by some incredible people. So, my advice is to most definitely check this place out!!!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,12/11/2010,13,54,3,8,4>There aren't many Cajun restaurants in the area to compete w/ Razoo's.  However, this place won't disappoint! If you like spicy food you will enjoy eating here. They serve 'Nawlins style food including fish, chicken, and crawdads/crayfish. This is only place in the area that I know of that serves crawfish. If you aren't a fan of seafood, the menu is big enough to accommodate your tastes. Additionally, the drinks here are great. Sometimes, my friend and I come here on Friday nights just for a drink or two. I love their frozen "Mardi-rita" and potent "Worm Burner."The service is good/average and the decor is colorful, as the theme is Mardi Gras-esque.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,12/10/2010,1,26,4,4,4>I just moved from Scottsdale to CLT so I am really tough on the establishments here...  I went to Blackfinn as a skeptic having read the reviews left here on Yelp.  I have to say they were awesome.  Although very busy, the GM interacted with us;  the wait staff was quick and personable; and best of all the food was stand out.  I had the Ahi Tuna w/ seaweed salad.  I will be back, and would definitely recommend the restaurant as a whole.  Well done.  Cheers
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,12/9/2010,5,99,2,4,2>This is a great place to hang out with friends and get some good wine. They have multiple flights so you can experience all different varieties of wine. Good prices for the Charlotte area as well. The waitress/bartender was very friendly and excited to answer any of our questions about the wine menu. We all ordered a different flight and it came with a description of where it was from and what to pair it with. That little touch just made the experience so much more enjoyable. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,12/8/2010,2,18,4,6,4>for my first review i had to write about savannah red.we've been eating at this restaurant for several years and absolutely adore the staff and food.  when we walk in, we just feel at home.  actually, we feel spoiled because we are treated like we walked a red carpet into the place.  we even joke about being vip's.  but that's how they treat everyone, and it is simply amazing.the food is always delicious.  i'm not shocked that they received recognition from the james beard foundation.  if i see something on the menu i've never tried, i know savannah red is the best place to try that particular food because everything is amazing.  and the wine list..........oh.my.  don't even look at it, just ask to try something good and they will guide you down a path of bliss!!!in august, i was able to share my favorite restaurant with all of my friends because we had my 40th birthday there.  i haven't been able to decide what was better, the service or the food - the combination made it such an incredible night people are still talking about it months later.  love the staff...love the food...love the wine...thank you savannah red!!ps-if you get on their email list, you will get notices of wine dinners...what a great deal!!!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,12/7/2010,16,54,9,12,5>I first stumbled across Value Village by accident back in 2001, when I lived on the "Wesside"... and I have been going back ever since. They have disgustingly low prices compared to some other "Thrift" stores in the "Community". (wink wink)I've found a pair of Gap shorts there with the tags still attached, and the price was $4.50!On a different trip there, I snagged a Christian Dior suit that was tagged $8.50, but I went there on one of their days where ALL clothes were half off.... (ch-ching...) $4.25 for a PERFECT suit.Value Village has a wide variety of everything from clothing, to bikes, to housewares, to furniture, to anything in between.They have 3 locations (that I know of) in the CLT area - Freedom Dr, South Blvd, Central Ave.They have 50% & 75% daily specials, on clothing, according to the color of the tag... and every month or so, they have a 50% sale on ALL clothing.For those of you who shop at Goodwill, you need to stop here and see for yourself just how much this place wreaks of awesomeness!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,12/6/2010,81,39,2,2,2>Noreen is Back! This happy fact bumped the Hooker right on up to a 5. The "Irish" is back in the pub... Classic pub interior of dark, well-worn woodwork. A stone fireplace lends it an affable cheeriness. It sports a massive wraparound patio with extensive seating for warm weather or standing space to indulge your tobacco craving. I do like the layout and feel of the place. They pour a good pint of Guinness (I've had Guinness in 40 states - bit of a connoisseur) and a good drink. You'll find an interesting mix of folks here. Locals, folks from the hotel, blue and white collar and everything in between. The service has always been excellent and the staff take very good care of their customers. I haven't eaten there, so I cannot yet comment on the grubbage. A spot like this is a go-to choice for drinks - one or many... Dig It Indeed! This treasure of a place also sports a comedy club upstairs. A true find for an area that doesn't sport a lot of night life. Slainte!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,12/4/2010,83,23,2,2,1>Absolutely love this place, perfect for Dinner and a Movie. It's located in the Phillips Place plaza which has trendy shops and a movie theater. The bar or outside seating is perfect for a relaxing evening to enjoy some people watching. Dining room seating usually tends to take longer and the servers aren't as attentive, definitely not good for a quick lunch. Appetizers to try are; the cheese plate, Sweet & Sour Calamari (my fav) and their Mussel Pot. They have a great sushi selection, I normally have their Spider and Firecracker Roll which is always fresh and perfect. I recently tried their Queen City Roll and its absolutely delicious paired with a glass of Conundrum. The mashed potatoes and baby green beans are a great side dish for any of their menu items. Also, try their bread pudding dessert when they have it on the menu, it's the best in town.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,12/3/2010,66,60,5,3,4>I could write about my lunch experience. I could write about how it was dead in there, the food was alright but nothing to write home about. I could tell you about my three star experience.But I'm not. going to.I'm going to tell you about my five star experience. When would this five star experience happen? THURSDAY. When do you want to go to this place? THURSDAY. When do you want to have any of your drinks half price (excluding Patron and Goose)? THURSDAY. I went for happy hour after work (it's a hop-skip from the office). I'll be honest, the guys behind the bar, while being pretty cute, are lackluster in the communication and drink area. But them aside, who doesn't love a loud, foul mouthed bartender in a local joint with giant boobs, a witty comeback, and makes the best Vodka Collins I've ever had? I know I do! I'd never met this chick in my life, but right after she made a joke about me liking highballs, it was all uphill from there. They do not, by any means, water the drinks here. They're strong, so expect to get something with a kick. When I went, it was packed. I actually only stayed in the bar area because there were so many interesting people to talk to there. The crowd runs from all ages and walks, you have your older crowd, your younger crowd, your townie crowd, your happy hour after work crowd... it's all there. After I had closed my tab, some guy who was probably sixty just kept my drinks coming and talking about Desert Storm. Weird? Yes. Awesome, interesting, and a good story later? Yes.Gotta love places like this. So what did we learn?THURSDAY.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,12/2/2010,87,79,2,4,2>Another place I've been going to for years. Anytime anyone comes into town for a visit I take them to Namaste and they love it. Their lunch buffet ($8.99 for Indian and Brazilian food) is a great value, vegetarian-friendly, and almost can't be beat. The lineup for the buffet is variable so don't go there on a Wednesday and come back on another Wednesday thinking you will see the same food choices. The collard greens on the Brazilian side are yummy most days, super buttery greasy on other days. The same holds true with the naan on the Indian side. Their mint chutney is my fave in town as well as their samosas. Their gajar ka halwa (carrot pudding) is to die for.I will say in the last year or so the quality and freshness of the veggies has declined. I know the owner has yet to decide if they are keeping Namaste open past this year so maybe with that knowledge they started lacking in the veggie area. I don't really know but that is my one gripe about my Namaste.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,11/30/2010,175,207,3,4,3>I went around 2pm on a Thursday due to all the other reviews on Yelp, and it was so impressive on multiple levels.First of all, the guys who run the place are great. Welcoming and obviously into their business, they asked how I heard about them and other suggestions now that I'd seen the place. I had the crab cake sandwich and the crabcake was amazing. Fully of chunks of crab, it was one of the best I've ever had. On the downside, the coleslaw that came with it tasted like Food Lion's deli brand or something - they'd do better making it themselves! I appreciated that they threw in some Texas Pete packets too - clutch for a Southern girl that likes spice like me!Will definitely go again!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,11/29/2010,39,77,3,3,2>If you're willing to dig for this place, considering it's tucked away in some undiscovered cove at the Lowe's shopping center off of Highway 51, then you won't be disappointed. It's a small place, maybe 15 tables tops, but the variety of Vietnamese and Thai dishes will leave you thirsting for more. I love the Pho Ga, and it's always good that the chef will tailor the spicy taste to your preference. Friendly staff, and you'll get your order served to you pretty quickly. Since I've been craving noodles and Pho like some addict lately, Viet-Thai Noodle House has been the perfect place to satisfy my jones.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,11/27/2010,7,9,2,2,2>If you want to feel swanky and sophisticated, this is the place to go!  I've been here about 4 times with various friends, and last night, I went there for a happy hour with a young professionals group.The atmosphere is definitely the reason to come here vs. other wine bars.  It is chic, it is sophisticated, it all feels so very worldly and I feel like a globe-trotting fashionista (no matter what I'm wearing) whenever I come here.They have very good apps as well.  I came here one time with my BFF after going to see a play, and we had the Filet Mignon Salad and the Artisan Cheese Selection.  Both were served to us on a piece of slate tile with big chunks of sea salt randomly decorating the edges - very cool presentation!  And the food was good too!The downside is that the parking can be rather limited.  There is a lot in the back of the building, but it has maybe 20-30 spaces and its for Five Guys and The Wine Loft.  If you come here on a weekend night or a Thursday night, it's really difficult to find a space.  But, hey, it's in Dilworth.  It's hard to find parking at most places in Dilworth.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,11/26/2010,103,218,2,7,4>I'll go ahead and just lay it out there for you- I've become a wine snob.  My back bedroom is a Hoarders episode getting started- only it's nothing but bottles of wine.  I've been to Napa/Sonoma twice this year.  I'm already scheduled to go out twice again next year.  I ran the Napa to Sonoma half marathon in July this year.  My friends ask I bring the wine to the party out of fear their selection wouldn't pass muster.  So why me, a native son born and raised in the Deep South?  It is, in large part, due to Winestore.  You see, before Winestore I bought the occasional bottle of wine at the grocery store or wine superstore.  I read the little shelf tags and looked for something that scored high on someone's else point chart.  That worked okay, but I never found a wine that I liked and stuck with for the simple reason that I only bought a single bottle at the time and when I went back to the store, I rarely remembered what I drank or thought to look whether it was still in stock.  Basically, I was buying bottles on a hit-or-miss theory- maybe I liked it, maybe it sucked, it didn't matter since I likely wasn't coming back to it.With its nifty tasting machines, WInestore changed all that.  For just the cost of a 2 ounce tasting pour I could try a wine before I bought it.  I could also compare that wine along with up to 11 others (12 reds total on that machine).  This is where the transformation really began- I started to figure out what I liked and why I liked it.  I could taste lots and  began to understand what it was about a particular wine that appealed to me.  No points tags on the bottles or shelves, no one to tell me why this wine was superior- it was just me and the vino.  I was figuring out my palette, at my speed, without having anyone dictate it to me.  That kinda fits their tag line- "You're the expert."  Makes sense to me- it's your money, you may as well spend it on something you'd enjoy drinking.  Not only that, but I was able to "try before I buy."  No more skunky-tasting bottles of wine that I took a chance on and lost.  I knew walking out of the store that I bought something that I liked and that I would enjoy again.  For the very first time, I was buying more than single bottles of wine.  I quickly moved on to the half case and, when the moment (and the wine!) was right, I bought a whole case.  My wife rolled her eyes the first time we walked out with the whole case, but she soon learned too.  If only we knew then what a monster had been created!Now it's true- good wines come in limited quantities and each state only gets so much of an allotment to a distributor.  So, when you find what you like- buy it- as smaller quantities tend to go away quicker.  You can't get away from that, but the guys at the store have always been cool enough to tell me how much they got and whether they can get more.  That way, I again can gage my level of interest and choose my own quantity.The wines stocked at Winestore are not the largest selection you will find anywhere.  They don't stock everything and, while they try to appeal to most palettes, they also have their favorites.  That's okay, though, as this is going to be a fact of any small shop that depends on quality and not quantity.  I like the fact these guys taste before they buy, so they take some pride in what you'll find here.  You will, however, find a total range of light to full-bodied reds and light and crisp to big and oaky whites.  The store is very logically and cleanly laid out in that progression and the staff can always make a recommendation for those who need some help. The best part of this store, though, is their e-mail list.  A weekly e-mail always describes the theme or special tasting offering of the weekend.  These guys put some real thought into this- blind tastings, find the $100 bottle, multiple wines from just one region, etc.  This changes weekly, so whether you prefer pinot or cab, sparkling or still, Spain or California, there will be a week or two that will appeal to you.  Stop in, load up your wine card for the tasting machine, and go to town- find something new or reaffirm why you like something different.There's also usually a free tasting on Thursday nights.  Sometimes a distributor pours thru a portfolio, sometimes a winemaker is in town and pours thru his new vintages, and then sometimes they just put some random stuff out for fun.  I've gotten to know the owner and his staff over the last couple years and they are quality people who are serious about wine, but always stay focused on making it approachable for any level of wine drinker.  Whether you need that one special occasion bottle, or are looking to stock a collection of cult cabs, these guys can speak your language.  They also get some crazy closeout deals on wines from their distributors, so if you are starting a collection you don't want to miss looking into what they have found.  I can't recommend them highly enough!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2010,11/25/2010,46,86,5,6,5>Being from NY/NJ, I get to occasionally experience the magic of MSG, the "shiny new toy" of the Prudential Center, as well as the depths of wretchedness of the Izod Center. TWC Arena does not fall into either category. It's a completely different monSTAR.I go occasionally to see the Bobcats (well whoever the Bobcats are playing). I have been purchasing tickets on game day off stubhub for only $0.50 a pop. So right off the bat, TWC's accessibility is a big plus.They have the setup figured out. You walk right thru the turnstyles and into the snack stands. Now let me tell you, they don't JUST have to the typical hot dog, hamburger, beer triple play. They offer BBQ pork sandwiches, BBQ pork NACHOS (yes, that just happened), Chili Dogs, and so on. On top of feasting on your "soon to be agida", you get to sit in a very clean, organized place. I have 0 complaints regarding the arena, however I'm not just reviewing the arena...rather, I am looking at the experience.It's a little bizarre having such a nice arena in the middle of a city and having minimal fans. The fan experience kind of stinks because of the lack of talented players. So this is the only reason why I'd give the TWC arena 3 stars. I highly recommend going to the TWC arena, as it's a pretty nice place. On my Legitimate Big Dog (LBD) scale, I'd give it a 6.5 out of a possible 10.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,11/23/2010,49,143,2,3,4>this has to be one of my favorite movie theaters in the united states!!! i've never been to one like it. its so cool how u can pick ur own seats and reserve your seats. they have a full menu and bar, so you could get popcorn and a beer or salad and wine, not to mention the food is good. and its kind of romantic. you could take a date here and have a great time! i also like how at night kids have to be supervised or they are not allowed in , they also have a dress code which gives it that grown up feel. i almost forgot, they also validate parking so that's a plus. its beautiful here at night, all the lights and people. there are also plenty of places to eat at or just walk around once you leave. overall i love this place:)
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,11/22/2010,10,58,,6,2>I assumed from the exterior/proximity to HFH thrift store that the coffee at Julia's would resemble gas station brew.  Lo and behold they had books (!) and a truly memorable chai latte...I need to get back over there, come to think of it. The scone was large and crumbly and the books cost more than I'd hoped, but there's an unexpected loft area in which to sit, a good selection of books, and a place to play chess.  Plenty of parking, too.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,11/21/2010,81,304,8,7,2>Ahhhhhh. The neon green relish. The crisp, fresh pickle and tomato. The poppyseed bun. The real Vienna beef dog... well, it was a bit soft but in general the food here to me says west 35th, 55th off the Dan Ryan, or even 95th and Ewing if you know what I mean. They've got the lingo. Fresh cut fries, pizza puffs. Sadly the decor to me says something more like Fullerton and Clark. It's just a little too nice. I know that's a strange complaint. The tables and chairs look right, but that glass-and-brass sneezeguard and the tasteful mural... eh. Its just not tacky enough. I want to see posters of thick eyebrowed women holding up kronos gyros. I digress. Tasteful decor is not a dealbreaker though. I'm sure I'll be back.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/20/2010,175,289,2,8,5>Yes, I am reviewing a funky jewelry store. Most items are around $25-$50 (necklaces, earrings, bracelets, etc) and my wife loves this place, so it's an easy place for me to get that extra gift I need to compliment a gift package or that small gift "just because". Located right next to Picasso's on Scott Ave/East Blvd. Always a busy place around the holidays and for the price, it's hard to beat. If you need to send a family member/friend something new and fun, this is the place I'd go. They also sell ornaments, frames, pens, and some other items under $10. Well worth a quick trip.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,11/19/2010,71,209,3,10,6>Reviewing Common Market on Yelp seems almost like a right of passage. Will I be the first yelper to extoll the virtues of this deli/convenience store/bar? By no means, but do I honestly value this local gem? You bet your bottom dollar! Common Market's strength is that it can be many things depending on what you need. Hungry for a meal? Go into the deli and you can choose from one of their concoctions (I recommend the reuben on rye, no mustard) or make up one of your own. Vegetarian? They have plenty of options for you as well (The mid-eastern wrap is particularly tasty). Just looking for a snack to quell the (possibly late night) munchies? They have all kinds of tasty chips, pretzels, cookies and soft drinks to satisfy.Oh, you wanted a slightly stronger drink? Well you are sure in the right place. Chilled, room temp, individual, 6-packed, in a case or on tap, Common Market has a beer selection to astound. Whether it's a PBR night or you are looking for your favorite craft brew they are prepared. I should mention they also sell wine, but with so many unique beers I tend to forget.Did you want more of a destination than a grab and go? No problem. They've got tables inside and out on their patio. They have weekly live music performances. Or you could just pick up a copy of the paper and do the crossword.Worried about parking? They have spaces in the front, a lot in the back, there is street parking and a large lot around the corner. Oh, and they have bike racks out back.Do be advised that they have a $5 credit/debit minimum, so have cash if you are just grabbing a snack or drink.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,11/18/2010,156,54,3,7,7>If opening night was any indication this will be a great & sorely needed addition to the West side. The strongest thing about Pinky's is not the car on the roof or the airbrushed hood by the bar, it's the menu. Yes, there are fried pickes, yes they serve burgers but there is more than that. For my first visit I ordered the Pterdactyl (their standard size burger). As more patties are added the name changes to a larger dinosaur. That should explain the concrete triceratops you'll see on Freedoom Drive. Standard lettuce, tomato, etc is available but I really encourage you to try the other topping combinations like Ding-Dong style: a ginger slaw, with crunchy peanut butter, and sriracha sauce. Cost: $3.75. They're still experimenting with some menu options so the side salad with balsamic vinaigrette I had will be replaced with a better value. When I go back I'll be trying a basket of popcorn shrimp that's paired with their waffle fries, and more of the slaw from my burger. Outside of fried food & carnivores there are multiple filling salads available, as well as sandwiches, and hot dogs that all had tempting descriptions.Layout of the space maximizes seating options with a long bench along the glass wall of tables for 2, high backed booths as a row in front of the bar, and more tables by the roll up glass garage doors. The vibe of the interior does have some automotive elements of its former home but I wouldn't say it's as dominating as the motorcycle theme is inside Mac's Speed Shop.The staff was very friendly and already had opinions on favorite menu items. One of the partners sat down to talk and shared their enthusiasm for the space. Their liquor shelves should be stocked by the end of the week and but I forgot to look at the beer list to have an opinion.I think they'll earn a 5th star, but a few more visits will tell.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,11/17/2010,92,370,1,3,3>I can't believe I never reviewed this one before.  A very classy but casual spot in the university area.  Amazing wine and beer selection.  Good cheeses, live music, outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).  All of this right by the lake.  These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.  Ranging from (25-80)ish per person, it is well worth it.  I highly recommend this place for a casual after dinner date spot or a gathering of friends.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,11/16/2010,44,103,1,10,4>I have to say that although there was a slight fishy smell, it was the least of any Asian-ish market I have EVER been in.  Yes, it seemed a little dark.  Yes, there were a few potholes in the lot.  Yes, there were a few boxes in the aisles.  I'm pretty much over all of those things because WOW!  What a great selection!  Their spice aisles alone were mind-bogglingly extensive.  I went in hoping to find 3 things (tandoori spice, garam masala, and cracked wheat).  Not only did they have all 3 of these items, but it was almost hard for me to pick which spices to get, because they had so many CHOICES!I took awhile, and just perused most of the aisles.  Sometimes Asian markets feel a little bit like one of the old Asian pharmacies, where you have row upon row of little bottles, all hiding interesting (and some creepy) pastes, powders, and concoctions.  Even with the names on the packages, I wondered about many things, "What is IN there?  What would you use THAT for??"  Personally, I really like it.  It's very inspiring to me, to try something new, and presents a world of culinary possibility.  They even have practically an entire row devoted to pickled things.  (What is with the pickled shark???)The prices seemed very good (got my 3 items for 6 bucks, and each is a good-sized package), although I did have to go hunt somebody down to pay (-1 star).All in all, I am really excited to find this little gem, and plan to return soon.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,11/15/2010,216,466,2,3,5>Obviously a mini-version of its eclectic Mothership in Noda, this little bakery/cafe opened up Monday 8/30/10 here uptown.  If you want to pop in for pastries or turkey croissant sandwiches you better get there early.  They told me today they were cleaned-out of most fav items like the Chocolate Salty Brownies before lunch!  I noticed a delivery around 2PM which may or may not have contained re-stocking of the delicate treats....Don't forget your pocketbook when you come, my Strawberry Petit Four cost me $2.17 (with tax) for a 2'' square treat....but worth every penny if you have a sweet tooth!!Right now the hours are 7AM to 7PM weekdays and some weekend hours which all may change as they adjust to the market uptown.  Bon appetit!!!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,11/14/2010,93,189,4,7,4>Three Amigos successfully combines the best of Mexican dishes for American customers and "down home cooking" for the Mexican patrons in one cozy setting.  The place is quite unpretentious-the focus is on the  food and quality service.I've been several times and enjoyed the carne asada tacos immensely.  They serve them on flour tortillas with onion and cilantro. The chimichanga is quite decadent: a fried burrito with melted cheese.  Unlike alot of Mexican restaurants, the menu is not complicated with lunch combinations of more of the same.  You can skim the menu in 2 minutes flat and get an idea of what's good.  And yummy dinner entrees for less than $10 are worth yelping about.Helpful hint-They bring bland gringo salsa with chips.  Upon request, you can try three more spicier salsas.  The spicy avocado rocks, albeit in small doses!  Its all made IN HOUSE!  I think that when I establish rapport with the staff after several visits, they would be willing to make some avocado sauce with a little less kick.  The word "flavor" sticks out in my mind when I think about Three Amigos.  Don't believe me, try it yourself.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,11/13/2010,80,142,4,4,4>Small Microbrew but Big on heart...I had the wonderful opportunity to be exposed to this brewery at the First Charlotte Elite Launch Event @ Customshop. I cannot say enough wonderful things about the lineup of beers from OMB. The quality, taste and finish of these beers makes me wish I was born in Bavaria! This location is what heaven must be like. There is a brewery in the back and a nice beer garden in the front with massive ceiling but most importantly FREE BEER! DISCLAIMER: Free beer is tomorrow and only found in heaven not at OMB.I would recommend going with the Old Meck. It is a full body lager with a clean finish and robust taste. The staff here was busy but the service was impeccable. The owner was making the rounds checking on the customers. How many places have you gone in Charlotte and meet the dude who crafted your beer?I think that two great Americans sum up my thoughts on beer..."Beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy."- Ben Franklin"Alright Brain, you don't like me, and I don't like you. But lets just do this, and I can get back to killing you with beer."- Homer Simpson
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,11/12/2010,126,906,2,4,3>I'll give this place a solid 4 since it's got great location, atmosphere, food, and a following that keeps me coming back.When they first moved across the way from their original location, it seemed like it was hard to get in the place since it was so popular - probably why they had to expand.  My group would even schedule going to dinner super early just to avoid the crowds (or try to avoid them).Once you manage to grab a table, the sushi is good and the wait staff is nice.  Probably one of my favorite spots in Charlotte when my stomach is yelling for sushi!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2010,11/11/2010,60,250,4,6,2>We went in for lunch today, and the first thing our waitress says to us after bringing our drink order is, "We can't bring you chips and salsa, because we are out of salsa...and chips."  HUH?!  How in God's name does a Mexican restaurant run out of salsa and chips in the middle of the day?!  We ordered anyway....with great trepidation.I had the combination lunch fajitas.  Jenny had the quesadilla Lupita.  We were both quite pleased.  The food was good.  The portions were big.  The prices were CHEAP!  By the way....they offered to substitute the salsa and chips with queso dip and flour tortillas.  I guess we made out there as well.It's close to the house, yet I somehow often overlook it.  The truth is....it's hard to beat the value proposition....at least for lunch.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2010,11/10/2010,20,55,4,8,5>Truly looks like a strip club from the street. Would never have walked in to the place were it not for Yelp. The experience is a bit schizoid. You enter through the rear parking lot into an atrium and then pass through down a step in to a dark dining area. Our greeter looked approximately 16 and didn't quite fit in the overall club-y vibe they seem to be going for.Similarly schiz-y were the customers who were dressed in date nite dinner-out clothes as well as shorts and t-shirts. I am not sure who the target market is as there were small kids around, which seemed out-of-place, as well as middle-aged couples who were clearly regulars.Food is steakhouse circa 1972. Dishes are straight up what-you-see-is-what-you-get. What they do, they do well but there are absolutely no surprises.  Steak or shrimp, salad, potatoes and some kind of side veggie.Didn't try the desserts as we were stuffed from the meal.Overall service was pleasant and well-modulated.  Not sure if this is a place to take a date as it is solid, but not stellar.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2010,11/8/2010,42,129,3,7,3>My husband and I have been wanting to try Copper for quite a while.  I have to admit we were divided on our overall rating... if I could give 3 1/2 stars, I would.  I cook a lot and, as a rule, my husband and I never want to eat somewhere that serves food we could eat at home.  Strangely enough, I cook traditional Indian food quite a bit.  From the start, the menu did not wow me.  I usually struggle over what to order but tonight there were really only two main course items that interested me - my husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and I ordered the Lamb Rhogan Curry.  We also ordered samosas (my favorite part of the meal), garlic naan, and a mango lassie (delish - I always have to order a mango lassie!).  The samosas were absolutely amazing and I loved the spicy sauce drizzled underneath them on the plate.  I was not so impressed with the three side sauces served with the two pieces of naan that accompanied our appetizer order.  Our water glasses remained filled - right up until the point we actually got our meals - and then while eating my slightly spicy lamb, I was forced to chew on a few ice cubes because there was no server or busboy to be seen.  Our main course dishes were not stellar - the quality of the meat was quite good but the overall flavoring was somewhat lackluster.  My husband's tikka masala almost seemed a little too "tomatoey" for my taste - he was not impressed at all, he said mine is better.  (Aww, so sweet...)  My lamb had a bit of a kick to it but the sauce was not "lick the bowl clean" kind of good - far from it, to be truthful.  To me, Copper is not the place to go if you are simply looking for a tasty, authentic, Indian meal.  Copper is the place to go for a nice dinner, a date perhaps, if you are in the mood for a  trendy, modern take on Indian cuisine.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,11/7/2010,84,301,4,8,9>I might be cheating by including this review. It's a stand-alone piece of art that a friend introduced me to last week, and I had never seen or heard of it. I was sad I'd never heard of it, as it's this big, beautiful masterwork right here in Charlotte.So basically, it's a giant head. It spins kind of randomly, wildly. It's made of stainless steel, and it's beautiful. The giant head is also a fountain, but like a silky, smooth kind of fountain. It made me want to fall down on the ground and go to sleep, listening to the water, watching the freaky head spinning on its axis. I have no idea who made it or why it's standing in a corporate office complex. There's a decent Thai restaurant nearby, too, that I'll review another time. I think the Giant Head would be a great location for a picnic or outdoor date or afternoon nap, or whatever you want.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,11/6/2010,33,75,3,6,5>I went to Ri Ra a few weeks ago and had a great experience. I called ahead to make sure they were serving fish and chips that day (they only serve it if the catch of the day is up to their standards) and they were. The beer selection is really great-- we decided to get the trio of Irish beers featuring Harp, Swithwicks, and Guinness.  We started out with a half order of wings with a Jameson honey glaze. The wings were perfectly cooked and the glaze was really excellent. My boyfriend and I both ordered the fish and chips which were fresh and delicious with a crisp and delicious crust. Even though we were incredibly full, we saw the table next to us order a dish full of what looked like chocolate mousse and immediately told our waitress we wanted that for dessert. It was a Bailey's chocolate mousse with whipped cream on the top. It was a HUGE serving, perfect for sharing and definitely fulfilled our chocolate craving. In addition to the food, the atmosphere was really cool and the service was fantastic. Our waitress had a lot of great suggestions and seemed very knowledgeable of the menu. I will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2010,11/5/2010,112,425,8,6,3>It's true, what Faith D. said about the wait being only 30 minutes. Unfortunately that 30 minutes is spent standing in a line. No ticket-and-chair system going on. Expect to stand. And there were some truly horrendous attitudes here. The whole system is divided into two sections, and one poor lady asked the staff which line she needed to get in."The Title line," she was told"Which line is that?""The Title line""Is that the line I'm in?""The Title line""Yes yes, but is THIS the Title line or should I be in the other one?"This continued, a humorless perversion of Abbott and Costello, until a helpful soul stepped out of line to direct her fellow victim... er... I mean customer.I think I lucked out in finding a friendly representative. She was polite and even corrected a couple errors that the dealer had made on the title. But like every DMV, expect abuse and be pleased if you receive better.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,11/4/2010,217,84,3,10,6>One of the best additions to the NoDa neighborhood over the last year or so.If you are going the crepe route for dining, hit up the Queen City.  If you are going for dessert, you cannot go wrong with the brownie concoction.The menu is also delicious well beyond the crepe realm.  The steak and Guiness stew with the insanely good mac and cheese will hit the spot.  For lighter fare, I recommend the pesto chicken french bread pizza.The beer selection (especially on tap) is always evolving and refreshing no matter what your taste.The wait staff and bartenders are friendly and fun.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,11/3/2010,49,306,4,7,8>Something had to be done at the mess formerly known as the Common House, and it seems they've found a new formula that should work.Kickstand is a burger place at its core, but it also served as a pretty decent neighborhood bar, complete with reasonable drink specials and TVs for all the sports fans.  In fact, they've got so many TVs in there it's a bit outlandish.  They've got TVs on their TVs.I got the New Orleans cajun spiced burger and asked them to spice it up with a bunch of jalapeno pepper.  They did a really nice job with the burger.  I got this "potato cake" on the side, which turned out to be a type of cheeseless au gratin, if that makes any sense you you.  It was pretty tasty.  The whole meal was very satisfying.  My wife got a turkey burger and declared it quite tasty.  She opted for a side of tater tots, half regular and half sweet potato.  I'd never had sweet potato tots before, but I discovered I like them a lot.  They serve the sweet tots with this butter sauce that really is a little too rich and over the top.They had a bunch of good beer on tap, and on Tuesdays, several draft choices are $2.50/pint.  Also, they've got trivia on Tuesdays at 9 p.m.One little hiccup was that about half the tots on my wife's plate arrived cold.  The waitress got a hot replacement order to us right away.  They seem very eager to get the food and the service right.  If they stay focused on food quality and service, they will hopefully avoid going down that long downward spiral that finally spun the Common House out of business.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,11/2/2010,42,144,3,6,4>I adore Fran's.  It's super-crowded sometimes, and service gets a little slow, but when they bring you that pot of beer, bacon and hot pepper soaked mussels, all is forgiven.  I've only been twice, but because they have a mix of smallish plates I've tried quite a few items.  Always coming back to the mussels, though, I have to admit.  Anyway -- the deviled egg of the day was a hit one time and a miss the second time.  But a cool concept anyway.  Seared tuna was tasty, as were roasted tomatoes and "shrimp two ways".  The wine list is good and the "redneck manhattan" is outstanding.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,11/1/2010,199,213,1,11,7>This place is very conveniently located off of Rea Rd in Ballantyne. We decided to go for lunch here since our colleague was here in town this week. We were welcomed by the manager and were seated. Suddenly my colleague noticed that the sofa wasn't clean since there were lots of crumbs. It could be because the material was velvet. So we were moved to different location. We ordered our beverage and I took out the napkin which had some sort of dark stain (huge) on it. I called our server and she handed me another one, it turned out that this one had green stain on it. I guess it wasn't a good day :(We ordered our food and our server was kind enough to help me pick out my order. She kept checking on us if everything was ok every couple of minutes which is nice. Even the manager came and apologies for the napkin incident and explained they just have four new staff members who are in training. Our food came out and it was delicious. We all like our food which we ordered however my friend thought their sweet tea wasn't sweet enough. I guess he's got sweet tooth :)All in all it was good experience where the place had very good modern decor, good service and good food. They just need to work on their consistency but who doesn't right LOL
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,10/31/2010,20,71,3,5,3>This place serves Mexican with a Spanish bent. I've been here for dinner dozens of times over the years, and finally realized I ought to review it. We stopped in last night after a 49ers Men's soccer match (beat Elon, 1-0). My son wanted to go to Dish, but Plaza Midwood is 20 minutes away at best, and it was 9:00 PM. "Whaddaya want, Trev?" "Nachos!" Well, he wasn't disappointed, even if he didn't get to pick the 'rant. They started us off with their usual never-see-the-bottom trays of chips and salsa. You really do have to be careful with these, because you can ruin your appetite for dinner by filling up on warm, crunchy tortilla chips and hot, complexly flavored salsas!Restraint was worth it.I had a wonderful Pollo Asado Burrito (very healthy chicken and veggies with a tomatillo sauce over it all). My wife had the La Union Chimichanga, which she loved. Portion sizes were HUGE, so we ate lunch off of our dinners the next day. The boys got what they wanted. My "all American twin" got his usual chicken fingers and fries, and his brother got a taco, rice, and beans.They have decent draft beer, and various daily drink specials, so if you're thirsty for relaxation, get something from the bar.This is probably my second or third favorite Mexican restaurant in town. We go here, because it is close to us. I love Cantina 1511 on East Blvd, and Las Margarita on Independence near Sharon Amity, too.That said, this place is flavorful, consistent, and the service is great. They also have some interesting and colorful decor. Occasionally, they'll add live entertainment, too. Check out their online menu at:zapatasrestaurant.com
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,10/30/2010,92,226,4,8,4>The Burger Company is a smart new contender in an up and coming area of Wesley Heights. They opened Monday April 5th to big crowds, mainly neighbors clamoring for a new restaurant to walk to especially to watch NCAA tourney finals on all their big screens. The space is a big open warehouse space with a sizeable bar.Now to the menu: they focus on burgers (duh blondie), but their mantra is fresh and affordable. We spoke with the owners and he put plainly "If we don't nail a menu item in the next couple days it's off the menu. I only want to have things we excel at."  They really thought through all their menu choices such as choosing to only have a 5oz burger to keep it affordable (which to me is on the small side and you need another menu item). Affordable it is- a plain burger is only $4, and most of their specialty ones are $5 and $6 at most. You can add a patty for $1.50. I would prefer a choice to upgrade to a larger 7 or 8oz patty as a jumbo option- they grind their own meat there, so a thicker patty could offer a more rare option, but I get their mantra and in this economy I don't blame them. The beef was a little more lean than I expected it to be. They also offer a "stuffed" patty option which has American cheese in the middle. Other menu options include a marinated grilled chicken sandwich (I'll try that next time), some funny salads including a "Man Salad", and good wings. I recommend the hot honey BBQ flavor.  Once Pinky's Westside Grill opens across the street I bet they'll have some competition for their good fried pickles. We tried their sweet potato tater tots with cinnamon butter. The owner was undecided if that would remain on the menu. The sweet potato fries are actually waffle fries. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced, so if you want a $12 gourmet burger, go to Liberty. If you want a place you can go in your tattered tshirt to watch the game and not blow a wad of cash, come to the Burger Company. Service was apathetic at best, but hopefully that was opening jitters. The owners seem very open to feedback and were very friendly. I forgot to suggest adding a turkey burger. Every day they'll have a $1.50 draft special and they have an extensive martini/cocktail list for a place like that. Wesley Heights will be glad to have a good neighborhood bar now. They have outdoor seating and plan a winter heated patio on the side as well.I think they'll do just fine. It's so close to uptown and SouthEnd I think it will work well. No website yet, but they are on Facebook and you can find their menu on there.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,10/29/2010,64,504,,9,4>I survived my first yoga experience with the help of Laughing Buddha.  Everyone we came into contact with was SO friendly and helpful.  The girl checking us in at the front register answered all of our questions so politely and full of detail.  Our yoga instructor introduced herself to us and welcomed us to the class, telling us that it was okay to do just what we could and to follow along the best we could.  We held our own with the rest of the class, which was a mixture of amateurs and -- for lack of a better term -- professionals.  At first, I thought everyone knew what they were doing.  I was going along with the flow, following some of the students' moves when I didn't have a good visual of the instructor.  I started following one student that I could see behind me when I was in an arched position.  That's when I realized there were more amateurs in the room than I had originally assumed.  The two of us weren't following the rest of the class!   So then I just looked silly and hoped the other student didn't think I was mocking her!  The class was a HOT yoga class.  It wasn't what we were expecting for a first-time out, but it wasn't terribly bad either.  Plus, it was a lot more energetic than I was thinking it would be.  My heartrate was definitely way up.  I'm glad we lasted the entire 75 minutes and was even gladder when that 75 minutes was over.  We rested at the end with our eyes shut.  Suddenly, I felt my feet getting rubbed.  It felt so amazing after the workout, I didn't care who was doing it.  I assumed it was the instructor going around the room with everyone, but I didn't open my eyes to see.  I was in too much in a state of bliss. :)  After the restful period, the instructor came up and congratulated us for sticking it out with the class.  It was this kind of personal service that made us really appreciate the experience.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2010,10/28/2010,56,106,4,8,4>Let me start by saying that I really wanted to like this place because it's so close to our house.Went here tonight for dinner. Coming in I was positively surprised by the decor and atmosphere - not your typical Thai restaurant decor, more contemporary, almost NY like. Service was good and swift and we ordered the Tom Ka Gai soup, the crispy duck and the cashew chicken. The soup was just ok... Very watery and i definitely had much better.My wife thought the cashew chicken was average, not bad but nothing to remember either.The duck was crispy, the meat tender and the red curry sauce nice and spicy.So you might ask did i rate this 3 stars? Well, its because even though the place looks good, has good service and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the food - it was just that: good, average Thai food. There are definitely better Thai restaurants in Charlotte - but if you're in the neighborhood and crave some Thai curry or the smell of lemongrass you can't go wrong here.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,10/27/2010,104,306,3,8,4>i absolutely love the feel of this place. It's not all that big unless i missed a section hiding in back, but everything just felt right. It's the kind of place that i would almost like to see without any televisions and totally embrace an old school whistle-wetting, watering hole feel with the sole mission to drink and socialize. That being said, the tvs seemed to be nicely situated throughout.   i was very pleased to see their beer list had a nice little variety (like 14 on tap and the cask selection). They had a choice for brown, belgian, IPA, stout, pilsner, seasonal, etc. but also included a single representative from the basic American beer family. A go-to cheap beer choice in the PBR ($1 weekdays, $2 on the weekends) It's nice to have that option in case you drink beyond the need for a good tasting beer (no offense, i am old friends with PBR) or are just in one of those moods where it seems downright foolish to pass up any beer that could literally be found on a dollar menu! As Mrs. P. stated,  the toppings on the sausages were very tasty and were in fact better than the Italian sausage itself. The mustard was pretty good also.Our server who we will call Bethany (not her real name) was fantastic and we shall return.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2010,10/26/2010,31,101,1,8,4>Went there with coworkers on a Wednesday. . .first impressions were good. They have totally gutted and redone the space and it's now a retro-modern irish pub motif. Think lots of soft yellow and oranges, but with modern furniture. It actually works well. We were immediately seated (thumbs up) but were given quite possibly the pushiest server I've ever experienced! (thumbs down) This woman was up-selling us on drinks, apps, you name it the whole time we were there. It was annoying enough that it was comical. On to the food - overall it is solid. The data/bacon/blue cheese appetizer is a decedent treat, and the calamari is a solid choice also. Note that serving sizes for apps are modest. The beer selection here is very good and eclectic. Interestingly, they do not give you a breadbasket or water unless you ask. I had the trout with roasted tomato's and lobster mac-and-cheese and it was very good. Fish was still moist and tender and the mac-and-cheese was as rich as you would want it. My table mates ordered the salmon and the shrimp and grits, both which received the thumbs-up. We didn't order desert (the server almost hyperventilated offering us the bread pudding), but the items look good. Overall this is a good option for going out - not necessarily a "destination" restaurant, but a worthwhile addition to the scene here in Charlotte. I applaud their attempt to mix comfort food with sophisticated ingredients and only wish they had more relaxed service.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,10/25/2010,1,34,2,6,3>Until today, I hadn't been here in years. Since the widening of Independence Blvd has forced so many other businesses to close or move, I half expected Chris'  to be boarded up, too.From the looks of the lunch crowd on a Tuesday, they haven't got anything to worry about. Got there at 12:30 and moved into a just-vacated table (seats still warm). Only seats in the place.I had pastrami on rye with potato salad. Wife had egg salad and slaw. I would have liked a little more sandwich, but she almost couldn't finish hers.My pastrami was as good as can be expected without going to a full-kosher NY deli (which is an unfair comparison in CLT NC, I admit). Rye was fresh, with that chewy crust (same caveats apply as with the pastrami). Mustard was spicy enough. Potato salad was good, if suspiciously like something scooped out of a restaurant supply tub.Wife raved about her egg salad. She's something of a slaw-snob, and she was impressed. I didn't try it (didn't get a chance, it disappeared so fast), but it looked good.Pickle spears were worth an honorable mention. Next time, they'll be ordered as an appetizer.Waitresses were great, in a "we can tell you're not a regular" sort of way. Helpful and talkative.Note: the restaurant is on the **inbound** side of Independence, before Briar Creek. Since crossing over isn't allowed along that part of the highway, plan your route accordingly,.If you're one of those folks who has to eat in a brightly-lit, corporate, tastefully decorated environment, keep on driving. There are Jason's, Subway, etc outlets further out Independence. This place is dim and well used. You can tell that in an earlier time, the cigarette smoke would have been thick and pervasive in there.All in all. My kind of place. The next time I'm on that side of the world, this is where I'll be.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,10/24/2010,155,972,6,8,6>Drum roll, please! To celebrate a monumental moment for the 100th review, Bill F., Dave S., Julia S. and friends, decided to get together for a night of bowling. Retro night is Monday after 9 and I spent just under $10 for 2 hours of fun.They allow smoking and bringing in your own goodies! We brought cookies and it looked like a little girl and her family were celebrating their special occasion with cupcakes. (Although, now thinking about it I think they had a sign posted for no outside food or drink...oops.) They even sell socks in a vending machine if you forget your own!They have fun graphics when you do good or when you play in the gutter. Encouragement is always helpful when you rarely bowl over 100. The staff is easy going and friendly and I'm sure we gave them a few laughs. Great place, great location! Go when they run a special! However, I don't think I would go if I had to pay the regular $5.50 a game and $4.25 for shoes.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2010,10/23/2010,228,451,2,5,5>I was really excited about trying this place and having my first Thai meal in the Charlotte area and it's not that it was a disappointment but it just fell a bit short of what I was hoping for, so I'm giving it 3 stars for A-OK. As others have pointed out, the service is good. The staff is friendly and polite and they do a nice job of making you feel welcome. The food was good, not great. Although the dessert was really tasty, but I'll get to that later. The appetizer we had of the fried tofu with sweet and sour sauce was pretty good. They served it HOT and it was fresh but the initial bite was too hot for my friend and I that we slightly burnt our tongues and lost flavor for a bit. For my entree I had the vegetarian red curry at level 3 (out of 5) spiciness and thought it was kind of mediocre. Maybe if there was more spice it could've been better, but as it was, I could go through my plate but I wasn't crazy about it, it lacked punch. I also was bummed to see that they only served white rice. I normally eat brown rice for health reasons and a lot of Thai restaurants usually have that as an option but Thai Emerald only offered one type. However, dessert was my favorite and they did score well with the fried banana w/ice cream. There was miscommunication with our server and I and instead of the typical coconut ice cream that is standard with fried banana, I got mango ice cream, which oddly turned out to be very, very good! I thought the combination would taste bad but the tarty mango flavor blended with the syrup on the fried banana just hit it for me. If back, I will likely get this combo again. Something else I liked about Thai Emerald is they advertise in the local Clipper and the coupon saved us quite some change. Considering we had a three course meal and plus a drink, we did not spend too much and left full. I probably won't be a regular here but it's fine for an occasional run. I also wouldn't mind having the dessert again.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2010,10/22/2010,133,83,4,4,4>I'd kept hearing about how great Amelie's was and finally I had to see what the hype was all about.  So I left work in South Park at 9:30 and drove to Amelie's in NoDA...and now I'm hooked.This place is extremely eclectic, with furniture from the ReStore in a Warehouse looking strip mall.  Parking is great and there's even a patio for outside seating.  But you're not going to Amelie's for the parking or the outside seating.  The pasteries are to die for.  I had a cup of coffee, a croissant, and some raspberry tart thing...for dinner.  YUM!It killed my diet but I didn't care - even returning the next day to try something else.  Now I'm intentionally finding a reason to go to NoDA just to go to Amelie's.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,10/21/2010,255,284,6,15,12>Upscale, trendy, city club done right. Def the best club I've been to in Charlotte, but, really, I haven't been to too many here. Dress to impress, have a pro-female group ratio, go before 10:30pm and it shouldn't be too hard to get in. Oh, and it always helps to act like you know what's going on, not cocky, but confident with a dash of douche. Friday had a $10 cover, drinks are gonna cost you more than the Charlotte average, but def not over the top expensive. Two levels with dance floor and bar on each. DJ was good (finally no Journey followed by Gaga!), spinning better mixes of top 40/electronica/hip hop (it works, I swear). I certainly danced my butt off. Crowd was more mature, everyone was dressed up, and no creepers were prowling the sidelines (that I could see anyway). Pay for parking close to the club and free parking just a short walk away!Let's go again!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,10/20/2010,761,516,3,8,4>Just when I was about to give up on good sushi in Charlotte my neighbor introduced me to FUJO or what he calls his secret Chinese restaurant. Fujo is tucked away in the Wachovia building downtown. The menu is huge you can try anything from one of their more exotic sushi rolls like the Cajun Roll - (Shrimp & Crawfish Inside: Topped w/ Spicy Crab and Cajun Spice) to authentic and tasty Chinese dishes like chicken with garlic sauce. The hardest part is choosing what to eat. Did I mention that they serve my favorite wine here I haven't seen it in any other restaurant around yet...Sophia Coppola's sparkling white wine it's served in a little pink can. That just makes the experience that much better. You never have to wait for a table and its a great place for a group dinner before heading out for some drinks uptown.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,10/19/2010,187,1664,7,9,5>To mix cultures, a Mexican Haiku:Carnitas tacos.Tableside guacamole.¡Vida Cantina!We stopped into Vida during their grand opening weekend, deciding that 5pm would be a reasonable time to try and catch a table without a reservation.  We were almost turned away.  The patio was packed.  The inside was empty, but about to fill up.  Consider yourself warned.If you go, you absolutely must try the tableside guacamole.  It is made to order  from three avocados (six halves), cilantro, onions, tomatoes (and who knows what else) in a giant stone mortar and pestle, which stays on the table.  You unfortunately do not get to keep it.  That would be amazing.This thing is as large as my head and I have a big head.  If you're there with one other person, you should try this before ordering dinner.  It might fill you up all by itself (and it doesn't really keep for the next day).  If you have a large group, it will probably do as your only appetizer.  Even after eating two bowls of chips with this guacamole  - and salsa, which they mix with what seems to be adobo at the table to suit your heat preference - we still had a massive amount left to take home.For our meal, we had tortilla soup, corn with queso fresco (corn and cheese?  Awesome.) and carnitas tacos.  These might be the best tacos I've had in Charlotte.  The pork was so tender that after my first bite, I wasn't sure if I had any meat in my mouth.  It was that good.  The second bite gave me a bit of the skin, which was crispy and juicy at the same time.  But to eat meat that just melted in the mouth?  Nice.  I actually couldn't finish them because of the guacamole (unlike the guac, the tacos were good the next day).The only bad side?  I wasn't terribly impressed with the sides.  The rice was average, the corn was decent, but how bad can it be - put cheese on something after you grill it and it's going to be good.  But still it seems like Vida is off to an excellent start.  Service moved along nicely - I heard they had some bumps earlier in the week, but it seems they have them ironed out now.  Why are you still reading?  Go get some of that guacamole.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,10/18/2010,1034,436,17,12,14>$$@#!!&*($$$!!!!! Owwwww, that hurt...  WAHHHHH!!  I needed my eyebrows shaped badly, so I walk up to the little kisok in South Park mall, in front of Teavana, ask the brow lady to wax my eyebrows. She said they only do threading.  I thought threading was for dark coarse hair, she said she could do it.  What have I got to loose?  Maybe she could tame these caterpillars.  I get in the chair and she starts going at it.  Some places hurt more than others, but it goes by really fast. She asked did I want to do my lip, I let her even though I don't have any hair on my lip, only men have mustaches.  Talk about owie zowie. But now my little walrus whiskers are gone.  I was thinking anyone needing a little therapy, should go get threaded, you can go through all kinds of emotions in a 5 minute time.  Wonder, amazment, pain, (even shed a few tears) and elation when it's over. Man, after that I deserve a Chick-fil-a sweet tea. Good thing it's near the food court. (2013 Revision, Fuck Chick-fil-a)There was a sign on the register for 25% off services, it cost $16.50. I think I like threading. No pain, no gain.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/17/2010,16,26,3,8,4>I've been here twice since it was renamed.  One time it was a five star experience, and the next it was more like three.  Interesting, since I ordered the same thing (teriyaki beef and tempura bento) both times!The first time, the beef in the bento ranked in the best beef anything I'd ever had.  The flavors were so savory and delicious, they blew my mind.  But the last time, it was clear that either the chef was having an off day, or that it was made by a different person entirely.  It tasted charred and strange.  While it wasn't awful, it certainly wasn't great.That said, their sushi was pretty good both times, same with the tempura.  The miso, though, demands special notice.  Both times I swooned.  It's savory and delicious, a tad salty, with fresh seaweed and scallion bits.  Usually miso has a bit of bonito powder in it, but no fishiness was detected here.  In that sense, it might not be as traditionally Japanese, but I don't care.  I can't stand fishy miso, and I love (love) their version.  Enough to go again.The service is good, the atmosphere is cute, and the prices are, well, maybe a tad high.  The waitress helpfully handed us a Clipper Magazine with a buy one entree, get one half price coupon on the back.  But  that was on our way out.  The full price of my gigantic, splittable bento was 20 dollars before tax and tip.  This place can do some damage if you're hungry.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,10/16/2010,118,281,9,16,9>Menu is totally vegan, some raw. The burger (not raw) was one of the best I've had since moving to CLT - pleasantly warm, smoky and satisfying, big dollop of guac on top. Super tasty bun. Microgreens everywhere. Like eating a tiny forest.Pastries and bread available for take away, lots of brekkie options. Good coffee, and for an extra .75, you can add a shot of homemade coconut, hemp, or almond milk. Tastes awesome.But the entrees are really where Luna's shines. Raw/whole/vegan art food. Prices are high - sammiches 8-9, entrees 12-13. Yes, it's worth it. Probably the healthiest dinner in town. Let's keep them in bidness, ya'll!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,10/15/2010,1252,934,6,5,3>So, to tell an old story here......I was married.....then I got divorced.......then I paid alimony......then my ex got remarried and I didn't have to pay alimony....yea!   So then I put that money to good use.....I spent it on a luxury car.  But with a luxury car one must have a dealership capable to service such a vehicle when needed without making one feel ripped off.  Hendrick Porsche is one of several Porsche dealerships I've done business with that is very capable.  Having moved from the Chicago area, I found myself once again having to find a dealership that would want to earn my business and treat me fair.  This probably resonates with some/many/all of the ladies as it pertains to hair stylist.  A good mechanic/service department is a cherished mechanic/service department. Anyway, the folks at Hendrick Porsche were great from the moment I stepped through their showroom floor.  Professional, attentive, and looking to answer any and all questions I had for them about my car and their service....as well as providing a few tips and hints on the care and maintenance of my little car.  This particular visit was boring as service goes....needed new tires in the back, had big scratches on the hood from a not so friendly SUV and needed an insurance estimate to file a claim and to check the brakes.....they looked at the car, quoted the tires (which were as good a deal as the independent Tire dealer I bought from last year) and noted they thought they could buff out the scratches on the hood if possible...and if not, provide the estimate.  So I left the car one morning to be repaired, poked, and prodded.They also provide shuttle service or loaner cars, the shuttle service was a brand new BMW 750 which was VERY nice to be driven in and the loaner was a basic car from Enterprise which I decided being driven around in a luxury car was more desired. I got a call back on the car and they checked on a few other items...some of which were new discoveries others were looked at but were fine.  In the end I did have a nice sized repair bill (it is a luxury car mind you and just a fact of ownership), but for things that were needed and the scratches on the hood........buffed out and "free of charge?"  Wow...nice little treat.So if you drive the vehicles they sell and service, give them a look the next time you either need service or perhaps are shopping for a new or pre-owned vehicle as I don't think you'll be disappointed......I know I'm not and am looking forward to a long and happy service relationship with Hendrick Porsche
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,10/14/2010,196,213,12,12,10>I tried to Rock the Casbah like the Clash did, but no avail. It was hard to rock out and beat up the beat in such a tight space. All I could do was sway, then bob 'n weave whenever someone needed to pass and walk by.Epicentres Kazba isn't a club, it's more of a swanky lounge with a happenin' DJ. Sheik, sexy, and in the winter months when the doors are kept closed, it's quiteOk. You too good night  intimate. With its direct proximity to Mez,  this bar appears to be the Centre's creme de la creme. Bouncers man the entrances and stairways denying access to anyone with shorts or tennis shoes. While it's quite a tight fit spanning the third story walkway, the expandable doors makes the space seem much more larger than it actually is. There isn't a dance floor, just "VIP" tables for bottle service. I never understood the purpose of bottle service at a bar, but I guess they gotta make money somehow. The only choice of music is electronica and the Dj will make you "Fly like a G6" upon request. I would have gone as far to say that Kazba is Charlotte's premier electronica headquarters, but without a dance floor to spaz out like I'm having an epileptic seizure, I can't grant that crown just yet. After much personal deliberation, this place isn't too bad overall though - 4 Stars is fair.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,10/13/2010,121,566,1,11,5>Hatoya is awesome!  They have everything, even my favorite kind of  ready to cook pan fry yakisoba noodles - Marusan.  I think it's the best and it's hard to find in Charlotte.It's a small shop but they have everything you could need to make your own sushi at home.  They have all kinds of tsukemono, tea, okake, miso, wakame, kombu, nori, candy like Pokki and gummies, pounded rice red bean pasties, Japanese bread, all kinds of pre-packaged treats and snacks...  I could list a hundred things I haven't seen since the last time I was actually in Japan.The store is impeccably clean and run by the nicest Japanese people you ever met.  They were very patient with me when I was asking dumb questions like what kind of sauce to use when I try to make my own yaki-onigiri at home.  It's down by pineville but the fact that they're a little cheaper than other places around Charlotte means it's worth the drive.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,10/12/2010,16,55,3,6,4>$6.95 for sandwich or salad or 1/2 sanwich and soup/salad combo!Tortellini Florentine soup was tasty, plenty of tortellini, flavorful.Chicken twist was excellent/healthy chicken salad.This reminded me of sandwich bars in London, with better food, fresh ingredients, and reasonable prices.I would give it 4.5 stars if I had that option! Responsible organic food, reasonable prices. Must try!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,10/11/2010,43,71,9,10,8>Park Road Shopping center isn't like most strip malls.  Instead of boring, ubiquitous businesses like Subway and Sally's Beauty Supply, Park Road offers an eclectic collection of local restaurants, toy stores, book stores and other boutiques.  Sometimes it feels like walking back into the 1960s, but honestly that's part of the charm.No business personifies this more than the Carolina Soda Shoppe.  From great burgers and shakes to fried okra and applesauce, the menu has something for everyone's taste.  The restaurant is tiny with maybe 10 tables in total.  That said, I've never seen it so busy that I've had to wait very long.This place is definitely a local business; its owner clearly attends a nearby church and has prominently placed what I would call "Christian Kitsch" throughout the establishment.  There's even a sign up front that says if you bless your food you'll get a treat.  I'm not religious but if I can pray my way to a milkshake, sign me up.The food is good; not spectacular, but good.  The burgers are not the best but they're darn tasty.  It definitely hits the spot when all I want is a cheeseburger and some fries.  I highly suggest trying the fried okra as well.I was going to give three stars because this place is so low key and "average", but honestly it's not trying to be anything else.  If you're expecting a high-end diner, go somewhere else.  If you want good, simple food at a comfortable local joint, this is your place.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,10/10/2010,205,512,3,9,7>I love Taste! It's like my official weekday breakfast spot. I mean where else in uptown can you have a made to order egg white omelet with spinach, mushrooms, tomato's, turkey sausage and Parmesan cheese.....cooked in olive oil?? Absolutely nowhere else folks! Yesiree, this is my spot! My only wish would be that they offer salsa as a condiment because I'm tired of having to walk over to Salsarita's to complete my omelet experience:-) They also offer the real deal steel cut oatmeal with your choice of fruit, walnuts, raisins, cranberries, granola, or brown sugar.......talk about cholesterol friendly........man please!  In my honest opinion, for breakfast it just doesn't get any better than this. Yes, I miss Spratt's dearly, but I have a huge crush on Taste right about now. I won't comment on lunch because I've had hit or miss experiences as it changes often. My review would not be complete without recommending the cupcake area for those stressful days....my favorite is the red velvet with a whipped topping.........to die for!  5 stars for breakfast without a doubt!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,10/9/2010,49,15,3,6,5>So let me just say I got here at least once a week so you know I really like this place.  Now the food is very good, but what bumps this up to a 5 star is the price where you can get out of there for about 7 bucks.  I have tried just about everything on the menu and it's all very good.  My personal favorite is the Udon noodle soup, and for hibachi I like the Beek Yaki (Teriyaki).  Also, Vivian is very friendly.  Aside from her obsession with Hello Kitty I couldn't imagine a better person to be the face of this place.  If you are uptown and want a good lunch, check this place out!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,10/8/2010,10,122,,1,3>This place is a very solid go-to for NY style pizza. Have never had a "bad" experience here.  Sometimes the little rug-rats running around can be a bit much, wish they had a room around the bar where there are no children around, but its not that bad depending on the time.Service is usually great, they have some good beer specials on certain weeknights (sorry forgot which) and all around good food. The only thing I had here I didn't like was the calamari, sauce was "eh", calamari was too chewy. Something went wrong there. Love to sit out on the patio, enjoying friends, some drinks, and a good pie. Check it out!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,10/7/2010,62,55,3,4,3>So a mix up in the university Japanese places led this gaggle of yelpers to ishi!  From judging previous reviews the expectation was set a lil low, but being there we thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Two of the gang got there a lil early and enjoyed some miso and edemame and plethora of water refills.  Prices were reasonable (about average for sushi) and service was fantastical.  Being vegan, there were more than just the traditional avocado and cucumber rolls on the menu and they're not afraid to make a delectable spicy veggie roll! YUM!   The atmosphere is quite nice as well with a tiki set up for the bar... you know, everything that's expected of a Japanese sushi place. :)  I'd definitely go back!  good times had by all!
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,10/6/2010,27,51,2,7,3>Really enjoyed my experience at Paco's Tacos last night. Had a group of 10-12 people we were planning on, was able to call in and make a reservation with no problem, even though some of our party wasn't going to be there until after our reservation time.Waiter and helpers were fantastic.  Did a great job explaining the different drinks and different menu items that were new to us.The appetizers are pretty good, especially the unholy guacamole.  The bottlecaps/pickle chips appetizer was ok, however I was disappointed by the amount of fried jalapenos we got, they were hard to find and the dish was mostly fried pickles.Entrees were great.  I got the Paco's Taco (brisket) and BBQ Shrimp.  Others were raving about the Gringo taco, Enchiladas, Skirt steak and Chicken.  No one was unhappy with their food.Drinks were inventive, including the mango infused vodka drink with ginger beer.  You also can't beat a 20 oz. draft of Shiner for $5, at least not at a restaurant.Overall was a great experience.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,10/5/2010,174,84,2,6,3>Good chill place in Plaza Midwood.  Casual with indoor and outdoor seating.  Good lighting and TV's for game days!  Had Grilled Vegetable Pasta and took our server's recommendation on the Sarma (Cabbage Rolls).  Loved it all.  Many other items on the menu looked really good (including the pizza)!  Look forward to going back to try more!
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,10/4/2010,95,94,2,2,2>Yum. Yum. Yum. From the delicious, fall-off-the-bone chicken, to the random chicken + something delicious + something else delicious combos, you can't go wrong with anything at The Roasting Company. The sides are all great, especially the spicy mac and cheese on Saturdays and the corn muffins that come with are scrumptious and have corn and green chilies in them. And while the food is always great, the service is always spectacular as well! Everyone who works there must be constantly eating the food because they are ALL so happy! Their to-go option is great too. Call it in and scoot directly to the front of the line to pick it up. And, while this might sound trivial, the food is packaged up well so you don't have any crazy spills on the way home.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,10/3/2010,38,184,2,4,2>Restaurant X serves Sunday brunch the last Sunday of every month, and we try to go every time - it's that good!  No matter what else is on the menu, we always get the apple pancakes with a side of white pudding (me), and the full Irish breakfast (hubby).  Their sausage (aka, pudding) is the best I have EVER had.  They have both black and white pudding, as well as the most delectable links I've ever tasted.  The Irish breakfast includes them all, along with a slice of Canadian bacon, beans, two eggs, and toast.  Their apple pancakes are sweet and absolutely yummy.  They have excellent and strong coffee, service is outstanding, and the outdoor dining area is just lovely.  I highly recommend their brunch!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,10/2/2010,61,87,3,3,7>I am a fan. Unfortunately for me my day of choice is Sunday for egging it up. Sunday is usually the OMG did I really drink ALL of that last night and the only thing that could make me feel better is the Bunny Ranchero day. Well, this Sunday was no different except we thought we could beat the crowd if we got up early. So we set the alarm and rolled outta bed, brushed the choppers and were there by 9:15 'ish. Dang if the patio wasn't completely filled already. Did these people sleep here? So, to the bar we went. Roger the owner is also the quirky fellow behind the bar. He always makes me laugh. On this occasion I decided against the Bunny Ranchero and switched it up for something sweet. I had the last piece of pecan cake which was just what the doctor ordered. Served on the cake plate itself with dollop's of whipped cream so you can saver all the crumbs, that, and a coffee in a chipped mug made me feel like I was home. I like the whole vegan, vegetarian vibe. I am not a fan of cows and piggies... I mean I like them so I don't eat them and for me, I feel like they have a great variety of protein options. I just wish so many others didn't feel the same way, well at least on Sunday mornings.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,10/1/2010,23,54,2,3,2>Just opened 2 weeks ago.  We went with a group of 6.  Great food and great service. We all had salads that were ample enough for 2 and only $5.  We ordered Halibut, NY Strip and Filet.  All of the dishes cames with a starch (potato or rice). Ended out night with Molten Chocolate Cake and Mom's Carrot Cake.  Which were both very good - would go for the Molten cake.  Definetly the place to go.  Entrees are from $22 - $30 (Lobster tails are $35).  Sides are extra but feed 3 people.  Great place.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,9/30/2010,85,62,2,5,2>Today I decided to break down and buy myself a very good pair of running shoes for my upcoming half marathons this fall.  A few friends had suggested Run for Your Life because of the personal touch they provide and honestly they were right!  I was greeted as I walked through the door and the associate was extremely friendly and really knew his stuff.  He made me run through the store to gauge how I ran and what type of shoe would best fit my style and posture.  I tried on about 6 pairs of shoes and got to try them out in the parking lot before I settled on a pair.  Overall, it was a great experience for my first time buying a nice pair of running shoes, I'd definitely go back.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,9/29/2010,142,86,4,7,8>We live across the street from Dim Sum and instead drive to Elizabeth for Chinese.  88 China Bistro's beef and broccoli is seriously yummy.  It is one of the few Chinese restaurants i've been to were the food isn't greasy and always tastes freshly made.  The sesame chicken is also wonderful.  The service is always quick and attentive and we always leave there satisfied and full.  One of these days i'll be adventurous and ask for the Cantonese menu, I hear it's wonderful!
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,9/28/2010,9,15,8,36,23>When I first walked into Paris Tattoos I was amazed at how beautiful and upscale it looked. I knew instantly that he was going to be worth any money spent. We instantly started talking about ideas and he made me feel very comfortable and confident that I was making a good choice. The end result was fabulous! Somehow he even minimized the pain! I am already thinking about another and I will only be going to Paris. Oh! and Alexandra is very sweet and charming, she will make you laugh and feel right at home. The typical tattoo shop in Charlotte does not have the professional atmosphere of Paris Tattoos, there any client will feel comfortable. They even care about what happens when you go home with your new art, explaining the best way to care for it. Perfect for someone who has not gotten any ink yet. His prices were fair, and he is honest and compassionate. I am proud to let everyone know who had a hand in making my shoulder beautiful. I just can't say enough! I wish the best to that little beautiful shop :)
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,9/27/2010,15,137,2,5,2>The location and view push this in my view from a strong 4 to a 5.  Sitting on Lake Norman, it is a beautiful place to dine.We had not been for over a year.  We got entrees we had had before: crab cakes and filet mignon.  Both were flawless.The excellence, however, was in the side dishes, and in the dessert.I started with a Crisp Brie Springroll.  I had never seen such a thing, but it worked well; it was served with grilled peaches and an almond creme sauce.  My wife had a Greek Salad, which featured heirloom tomatoes.Lemon-thyme asparagus was perfectly grilled, the texture was just right, the grilling marks perfect, and the flavor sublime.  Potatoes Boulangère were a treat; they look like ordinary potato wedges but the taste is quite special.  The chickpea mash had a pleasing crunchy texture and just the right amount of heat.  The zucchini got a rave review from my wife.I ended with a Tahitian Vanilla Bean Cheesecake with cardamon scented blueberries and an almond tuile.  Wow!  The vanilla bean and the cardamon made this a delicious treat.We had not been to North Harbor Club for probably over a year.  I was prepared to be disappointed.  Places that are this popular and this well-located can easily lose their focus.  I instead was quite impressed.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,9/26/2010,24,91,5,3,4>Having spent two years in Columbia, a city devoid of excellent falafel, it warmed the cockles of my heart to find rich, green, moist falafel at Kabob Grill.  I had a vegetarian sampler which was good but not terribly memorable, save for the falafel.  My husband, however, had a lentil and caramelized onion dish that was really great.We were there on a Friday night (at the Dilworth location), and the belly dancer was incredibly distracting, particularly since we were hungry.  We had difficulty concentrating on anything else.  It's a small restaurant, which resulted in the whole experience of having bangled ass shaken in our faces.  To her credit, the young lady who danced was lovely and talented, but I just wanted to eat.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,9/25/2010,32,70,1,5,7>*Advanced apologies for this being so long! :)"Sono nell'amore" - I'm in love!  I wanted to burst into a child-like conniption right on the floor because I couldn't buy one (or more) of everything...someone hold me.  But I digress!  This is a FANTASTIC little shop - a lotta stuff packed in a small space & it seems to be quite popular.  Parking was a smidge daunting, but there is more in the back...but be careful since the tiny ally only allows for one car & you might get in the "I'm trying to leave but no I'M trying to come in" face-off!  The rear lot is shared with Providence Sundries & was pretty full when I was there around 12:30ish on a Thursday.Found the staff to be SUPER helpful, friendly & knowledgeable, especially as to which sauce would pair well with what pasta (all homemade in house btw)- one girl (didn't catch her name) offered to show me around the store & explain things when she learned it was my first time in, which was a huge help (although the shop is relatively small it's still kind of overwhelming at first).  Once the tour was over I wandered about on my own to soak it all in.  The atmosphere is easy with music playing in the background at juuust the right volume and a view to the kitchen in the back.  One cool thing they do is whenever someone orders any of their fresh pasta, they send it sailing from the kitchen to the register up front down a long wire attached to a clip (watch your head!) - FUN!   PS - you choose how you want your pasta cut: Angel Hair, Spaghetti, Linguine or Fettuccine.They have a huge menu board up front that spells out exactly what's in each pasta, ravioli and sauce, so you know just what you're getting.  Plus you see how NATURAL everything is.I walked away with THE most delicious Greek White Bean Spread & loaf of Rosemary Focaccia bread (which I am munching on as we speak)...just marvelous.  Also picked up a pound of fresh garlic/rosemary pasta cut fettuccini style (only 2 mins to cook!), house-made alfredo and pomodoro sauces, and a pound of shrimp ravioli (prebagged).  They even gave me a treat just b/c it was my first time there - how awesome is THAT?!   They're my new bestest friends :)For those SIX, local, house-made items, my total came to $30 and change.   Taking into account I was supporting a local business and getting true FRESH items, made BY those locals, I don't think that was half bad.  One other thing I like about P&P is that their prices are fixed & do not fluctuate as they see fit any given day like many other places of this type, and from what I could gather (didn't ask, so..) everything is always available - they even give you a "menu" when you check out.  This is especially handy if you're trying to plan for a special dinner or get-together.  True, you are gonna pay more than you would at the grocery store, and at times quite a bit more, but it really IS worth it (especially for many of the "provisions").  Once we've munched on the pastas & sauces I'll update this.  But as of this moment in time I'm drooling over my newfound love.  Everyone should visit P&P at least once, especially if you love to cook, play in the kitchen, or even just browse & get ideas for a simple meal for two since they're more they happy to help.  OH...and they have very reasonable hours, including Saturday AND Sunday!!!  See you there :)
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,9/24/2010,76,167,2,5,2>This place is awesome.  Coming from NY where I've been spoiled with great chinese food, SoHo Bistro is the best that I've found in charlotte.  Their prices are very reasonable too.  The servers are sweet and great.  We came in with a party of 13 and the waitress memorized everyone's orders (and drinks).  I was quite surprised when everything came back perfect.  I would definitely recommend trying this place!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,9/23/2010,162,138,2,3,5>Savor Cafe how do I love thee! This was my first foray into Southern Cuisine and it was awesome!!! I wasn't quite sure what to have and my server recommended I try the Pimento Cheese. What is Pimento Cheese and why hadn't I heard about it til that day? It was spicy, cheesy goodness with red peppers and kettle chips that were absolute perfection. For my entrée he suggested I tried the Shrimp and Grits. Don't laugh but I've never had grits in my life and I was a bit skeptical but I figured why not give it try. Wow! I'm so  glad I did. The grits were cheesy and the sauce was rich and flavorful.For dessert I strayed from my servers recommendation of Butterscotch Bread Pudding and instead went with the Brownie pudding...I should have listened to my server!I discovered the Savor Cafe while going for a walk and I must say I'm glad I walked that way that day.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,9/22/2010,36,62,3,6,3>I've lived here a month now and I am just about completely happy.  This place is EXTREMELY nice!  This is located in a transition area but I've never had any problems at all.  It is located right behind Wesley Heights, and I am guessing that is where the name "Wesley" comes from.The community is gated with a total of 4 gates.  They are open during the day and close when the leasing office closes around 6:00 PM.  The only issue here is parking.  Though they are putting into effect a parking policy starting September 1, which will require everyone inside the community to have registered parking stickers on their cars unless parked in visitor parking.  Residents are giving clickers to open one of the four gates, or at the main gate guests can call someone via a keypad.Apparently as of now 85% of the community is leased and wasn't projected to be at this rate until spring 2011.  So yea, this place is packing up quick!  Why?  It's hot.  It's beautiful.  It's just gorgeous.  Yea I'm definitely a fan.The club house is sick.  Two stories, open 7:00 AM to 9:00 PM, free Starbucks coffee and snacks all day, pool table, big TV's, plenty of seating, 3 computers, printer/scanner/fax, and did I say Starbucks coffee? Yea its free too.  WAIT, theres more.  On the second story along with the pool table you have a huge flat screen tv with a blu-ray player, Xbox 360, and Nintendo Wii.The pool is like being in Vegas on the weekends.  If you like something low key this is def not the pool to be at.  It's packed EVERY Saturday and Sunday, literally packed and with lots of good looking people.  The pool may seem a little small but I think any bigger could cause some problems.  It's open sun up to sun down and open year round.  Why would you want a pool open in the winter?  Well they have a fire pit too for use in the winter.  My fav part is the cabanas with couches and TV's. There are two and are located on either side of the two gas grills.  The grilling station is the hot setup, plenty of room to set up and bar style seating.  Be careful though as the grills burn HOT on the lowest setting.  Good for steaks if ya like em slightly rare, hot dogs cook super fast, but burgers burn easily and will be red inside when you think they're done.  The apartments, couldn't be nicer in my opinion.  Maybe its my having lived in the university area most of my time being in Charlotte, but this is the nicest I've seen around.  Granite counter tops, Stainless steel appliances, big open floor plans, HUGE closets, hardwood in the kitchens... This place has it all.  They say they are prewired for Time Warner Cable but what does that really mean?  What apartment does have cable running to outlets inside?  Don't let it fool ya, they must have some kickbacks or something.  If you have a dish you have to take out an extra insurance policy and pay a deposit.  Lets see... what else?  Ok they have a dog park, good if ya have a dog.  Also a Yoga room in addition to the 24 hour gym.  The clubhouse, gym, and yoga room are all accessed by a key fob.  So all in all Wesley Village is a great place to live especially if you are young and social.  I would not recommend this for older generations looking for peace and quiet.  If only they had a hot tub...
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,9/21/2010,87,175,2,5,2>It doesn't get much better than this for food/drinking than this place.  You might get lucky and have Drew as your bartender.  He will take care of you.  There have a wide variety of beers and great food/drink specials.  I really like $3 pints on Monday.  The fried pickles here are to die for.  Secret: Ask Drew about the LUNCHBOX drink.  It is one of my favorite drinks and he is the only one is Charlotte that makes it right.  Trust me.  -Ian M.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,9/20/2010,84,110,6,7,6>I'm sure the shows, dancing, sales booths, etc. are great, but I'll be honest, I'm only here for the food. There are so many tasty options it's hard not to gorge yourself. I got a gyro, some of those little doughnuts, and a helping of baklava that's the size of a small pony.  All of the food is absolutely delicious and definitely worth fighting the traffic and crowds of people. You just might want to bring some mints with you to combat the killer breath after eating this food. I'll be sure to come back every year.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,9/19/2010,424,324,11,17,7>Dodging drunks coming in and out of Stool Pigeons, I decided to stop in on this small place. I did not see one person. The sign on the outside promised Caribbean (Jamaican) food. From the time I opened the door, I could smell nothing but the flavors from the island, the jerks, curries, and many other island favorites.      Looking at the menu, I see the prices are extremely low, and still , not one person (I realized why, they just opened). So I ordered the Jerk Chicken of course, that had a rich dark sauce. My wife had the Ox Tail, the sauce also was so good, you would want to drink it from a straw.      Do not let this little place in a strip mall fool you. They have very good and authentic foods, that will tantalize every taste bud that you have or wish you had. CAUTION! , if you have no idea what Jamaican food is or want a piece of square fish or chicken McNugget's do not go here. This is the real deal. Do not take my word for it. Try it for yourself. And... Do not drool on the keyboard while you are looking at the pictures.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,9/18/2010,53,163,2,5,4>Soo I wasn't kidding when I said I'd be back soon.  Went in w/one of my sisters and a friend who is also a big fan and he hadn't been in months.Got there super early (5:40) because my friend and I had stopped at Cantina for margarita's at 4:30 and just waited for my sister to get out of work.  We were the first ones there so we just sat at the bar.  Soon after other tables started to trickle in.Started off with drinks.  I am not traditionally a gin drinker, but I had this great gin cocktail at Otto in NYC last year and I drank so many of them, but I can never recall what exactly is in it.  So I told the bartender what I think was in it and she tried to recreate it for me.  It wasn't the same but it was good, and she even chose to squeeze fresh limes into it instead of lime juice, nice touch!  The others had martini and wine.Started with the heirloom tomato brushetta because I hadn't stopped thinking about it from last Friday, still just a fresh and light as I remembered.  We also had the cheese plate and a bit later the grilled artichokes.  Both dishes were as great as usual. I really am obsessed with the blue cheese and the fig jam they put on the cheese plate.We waited a bit and just chatted and had some wine before our next course.  I wanted to try the tortellini that is a new addition to the menu.  It comes with 5 and its served over swiss chard and I believe there was some red pepper in it, but I didn't think it was spicy and I am super sensitive to spice.  It was really good, and had a nice salty flavor to is, I guess from the swiss chard?  My sister also got the falafel but I passed as I am just not a big falafel lover.We waited even longer to order entrees.  I was drinking some really good sparkling red wine, lambrusco or something like that.  It was really refreshing and light.  I usually don't drink reds in the summer because its hot enough and red wines tend to make me feel warmer.  But this was a nice alternative.When we finally ordered I was debating between the snapper and the pork chop.  I love fish but snapper has never been my fave so I was skeptical and went with the pork.  Great choice!  It was served with the bone but the other pieces were all sliced, and his had figs and a gruyere panini.  The pork was extremely moist and tender and the sauce (can't rememeber what it was) was perfect to dip the meat in, or take a piece of fig with it.  I ate the panini in 2 pieces because the cheese looked to be cooked onto both sides of it.  I think I could have thrown some pork one and it would have made one delicious little sandwich.The others had the fried chicken.  I didn't try any but did swipe a bite of the celery slaw off my sisters plate.  They both seemed to enjoy.  Sadly I was too full againf or dessert, and its a shame because I could smell the peach/blueberry cobbler cooking (I asked) and it smelled like buttery heaven!!I had yet another wonderful meal at Good Food.  Not sure how soon I'll be back as I've noticed I have been eating out a lot lately.  But its good to know that I can expect great things on a future visit.Oh only tiny issue is the a/c situation.  Sometimes it would feel really comfortable and others you would get like a rush of heat, it was strange.  But next time I will also remember not to wear a heavy cardigan!!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,9/17/2010,208,546,2,4,3>Went to Crave for a mini-celebration last night and had a very nice experience.First off the place is very cool - swanky modern lounge feel. Sit in a cozy booth or a comfy couch or a high top table. The lighting is low and romantical ....perfect for a first date....and they even have Hookah!   The specials for Tues night were $5 mojitos and $15 pitchers of sangria (red or white) - I am a sucker for both  so I was immediately excited. We went for the Red Sangria- Which is a kick butt deal - we both were able to get  4-5 glasses each so this wasn't some little carafe- and it was quite tasty! Our sweet tooth's being aptly satisfied by the drinks we went with a savory appetizer to split. The crab cakes were served on a bed of spring mix salad with a very spicy yet-delicious remoulade. The crab cakes were not just filling but actual meat, and the flavor was excellent. The plate came with three medium sized cakes so it was fairly filling as well.I will definitely come again because we did not even tip the iceberg here - the menu is HUGE almost to a fault (Mrs. Indecisive here).
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2010,9/16/2010,69,395,3,4,3>Went to Ed's on Thursday night for general trivia.  Website said it started at 8p, when we got there the boards said 9p, trivia man started at 8:38p.Food: pretty good bar food.  I had a buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries.Drinks: excellent beer list with many options on tap.Atmosphere: big space, good location, pool tables and outdoor areas.Service: good service, friendly staff.Trivia: Half the people in the place weren't really playing and rules weren't that strict so I think there were some cheaters texting friends and what not.  If you are a stickler for game-focus and rules then you should probably avoid.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,9/15/2010,18,48,1,27,16>Came here the other night on tour of Charlotte restaurants I wanted to try.  This was my first stop.  We sat at the bar.  My husband had on shorts and a button down short sleeve shirt, me jean pedal pushers, a cotton blouse.  We both had on nicer flip flops.  I felt fine as far as my dress was concerned.  Husband felt like we should have been dressier, but I saw other people in there dressed like we were, so I still think you can be nice casual here and fit in fine.Excellent cocktails.  My husband had the John Daly which tasted like sweet tea.  He downed several within the span of minutes.  I had the cucumber ginger collins.  Quite good!  Has fresh cracked pepper but don't let that turn you off.  It is a really good drink!  Very refreshing.  They also have different beers.  Mostly in bottles but will serve in frosted glass.My husband and I had a wonderful crock of  the mussels in white wine with side of pomme frites.  There are several variations.  The bartender was fantastic.  She recommended the curry ones, but I'm not a huge fan of curry.    We loved the mussels and right when we were finishing up the mussels, we were presented with slices of fresh french bread to sop up the juices.  Right on queue it seems.  The pomme frites were excellent, too!  Would be nice if they had an herb mayonaisse to serve with them rather than just ketchup.  That would be a great addition.If you are looking for a real raw bar in town, you cannot go wrong in this place.  They have pretty much any shellfish you want.  I will definitely be returning to try the oysters, crab, shrimp and clams.  The presentation was excellent.  I will also try dinner.  Loved the atmosphere.   I think the restaurant will do well.  They are filling an empty niche.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,9/14/2010,306,1103,2,4,4>I just discovered this place this past wk and am sad I waited so long to go!  I went on Tuesday night, where they have $5 glasses of wine which is a fabulous deal. I loved their outdoor and indoor seating options (although as hot and humid as it is in Charlotte during the summertime, sadly opted for indoor seating) I tried both the Bridlewood Chardonnay and  Santa Ema Barrel Select Carmenere (I'm not a huge red fan but this was a crisp, smooth selection)If a place offers sushi, I automatically have to order it although you sometimes take a chance with that school of thought. I ordered the Trio of Wasabi Roll -"Crabmeat, shrimp, & cucumber rolled with wasabi peas & topped with wasabi roe & wasabi aioli"and Fuji Kabayaki "Crab, avocado, & Fuji apple topped with warm BBQ eel, tempura flakes, & a drizzle of eel sauce" Both of the rolls were fresh and full of flavor.The service was great, did not have to wait long for a check and all in all, it was a terrific experience. I can't say enough good things or recommend this place enough!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,9/13/2010,33,176,3,6,3>I like Mckoys..........WAY better than Mac's!!The wings are great nice smoked flavor on them and a good variety of sauces to choose from, not just your basic buffalo.Ribs were Enormous!!! I had a 1/2 rack and they too had a great smoked flavor. I had a salad which was surprisingly good and the Mac N Cheese as the waitress put it "Crack N Cheese"...wasn't as good as the first time i had it, but still good!! Server was ok, not looking for a 5 star dining experience but still like it as another option for barbecue!!
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,9/10/2010,10,58,3,6,3>I hesitate to write this...if I tell you how great this place is, and it gets crowded and I can't get in for an appointment, I'm going to be really upset. LOVED it.  I have very curly hair, so finding a good person is more than tricky. Also, I am afraid of many things:  front desk receptionists, phones, tipping math when divided amongst several service providers, bad haircuts, and what people will think when I bring my daughter along. Front desk girl:  lovely (assisted with the tipping, also). Kind to my daughter (recommended she get a haircut as well, which was brilliant).Haircut:  expert and non-threatening. Shampoo girl didn't freeze my head with cold water.  The grey is covered and the dye did not burn my scalp. I look pretty good. :DCool little brick house served as the salon. Selection of teas and wine and soda. I'm so happy!  Please go there, but leave me a spot. Tell them you heard they are fabulous, because they are.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2010,9/9/2010,81,304,2,3,3>We were taken here by a couple of locals (I guess we're locals now too though) on Wednesday night and fun was had.  It's got a busy, friendly vibe and overall satisfying food.The good: to contradict a previous reviewer, I found the beer selection to be quite respectable.  You've got mainstream goat piss, mainstream Irish, beer snob local, national and international.  I was very pleased by the Gaelic ale from Asheville.  Very pleased.  Also, the nachos were truly a work of art.  I can't stand flour tortillas but flour tortilla chips are great for this mouthwatering mountain of peppers, beans, tomatoes, olives, cream and little chicken bits.The ok: well, I found my pasta - the Honey Chicken - to be just ok.  The chicken itself was nice and juicy.  I don't know what I expected from the pasta.  I think it was overall a bit sweet, and perhaps a nice pungent feta topping would have broken that up a bit better. What it came with was a bland kind of Parmesan, I think.I might return and try something else on the menu - like their massive 1/2 pound burgers - and we'll see if it'll make me a fangirl.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,9/8/2010,175,289,4,6,4>Ever since I moved to Charlotte, Mac's fell in love with me. The more I tried to stay away the more they kept calling with more love (PBR on special in a tall boy). Yes, this is an Official PBR Joint, but besides that the food is awesome. Never had anything but the small plate BBQ, (menu is loaded with other BBQ and sandwich options as well), which for $10 is MORE than enough for anyone. Comes with 2 sides and Texas toast. Place is constantly busy and is a great spot for lunch or mid afternoon break (when I go). Lots of TV's inside and a great patio with picnic tables outside for those nice summer days. Place is a biker bar, and like it's siblings in the Cornelius and Steele Creek areas, you'll have the occasional bike show. But no worries, it's a classy biker BBQ bar that draws the casual eater to the suit & tie business lunch. But as always, a bar stool and menu is all that is needed at Mac's!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2010,9/7/2010,71,209,6,5,7>So, we went to Dish because my roommate and I were both not yet feeling fat (and sassy) from the day's food and it was both not super greasy and within biking distance. Stepping into Dish was like stepping into a memory of my grandma's kitchen...or at least what I imagine that would have been like if my grandma was from the Carolinas, not a diabetic from Brooklyn.The simple design of Dish's facade carries inside, where the dinning area is plain, with occasional infestations of kitsch. The servers are friendly and quick. My roommate had the blacken chicken with green beans and mashed potato. I am told they were tasty. I decided to go for the 3 veggie plate with smokey lima beans, squash casserole and collard greens because I am a sucker for fresh veggies that I don't have to wash or worry about keeping fresh. The greens were solidly tasty in an appropriately unremarkable way. I do not know what they put the lima beans in to make them smokey (I surmised "liquid meat" at dinner) but I'm not terribly fond of it. Once I removed them from the excess sauce they were much better and I ate them all (don't you fear). The squash casserole was heavenly and if I knew how to make it I would grow fat on it.Did I mention that both dinners came with a delicious biscuit and a deviled egg? I love both of those things and haven't had the latter in far to long. Pleasant surprise.All in all, Dish did not blow my mind but I didn't want it to. It was excellent at being comfortable.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,9/6/2010,102,43,6,12,6>Passage to India is a fairly new Indian restaurant in the University area.  Unfortunately, Udipi (the vegetarian restaurant) has closed down and Passage to India took its place.  It features a full menu as well as a weekday lunch buffet and a weekend brunch buffet that serves a couple more items than the regular weekday buffet like specialties from South India and a selection of popular street foods and of course vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian fare.My family decided to try their weekend buffet, as a way to sample their style of cooking.  The interior: simple, clean.  Service: polite  Price: $9.95 for weekend and $7 something for weekday, menu prices are varied but they have a $3.99, $4.99 and $6.99 bento box type special everyday.The buffet is served until 3:30 pm, however they refill the buffet trays for the last time at around 2:30 (when we arrived) so we kinda had to try the leftover and dry-ish food.  I didnt expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was Amazing!  I tried to sample a bite of everything, but that was very hard because everything was so good, I wanted to cram my mouth with it.  Even my mom - who never likes restaurant food, ate everything on her plate and praised it to bout!  The amazing Iron Chef-India praised someone else's food!  WOW must've been good :)Ok, so I tried 2 of the 4 types of rice dishes, which were very flavorful but not overpowering.  I tried the spinach/paneer dumplings in a creamy sauce, boneless tandoori chicken--they have the bone-in tandoori chicken too but since we were so late coming in, we didnt get any :(  chilli chicken which is something everyone should try cause it was really good.  The star of the buffet table was the Indo-Chinese style noodles.  They were so good, it made me wish I had an extra stomach to I could keep eating it!  When I go back, that and the chili chicken is all Im saving my stomach space for.  I even tried the dosa, idli (rice cakes) with coconut chutney and sambar.  They were all good, in fact really good and I cant wait for our next trip down University City Blvd.  I took some pictures with my iPhone, so I will be posting those as well, please excuse the poor lighting or angles.  Overall, great brunch/lunch but my only regret is coming in so late, cause we missed out on a true 5 star rating meal.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,9/5/2010,199,30,,9,5>The spot: street corner.  The feel: grimy. The acoustics: lovely.  The result: perfect.  No better way to spend $5-10 on a weeknight.  Go hug a singer.A great place fostering a great scene at the right size and the right pace.  The only suggestion I could have for the Muse would be to get a side space, for artist meet-and-greet to happen in a less loud environment...so a coffee shop next-door would be the coolest combo I could imagine!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,9/4/2010,11,14,10,9,3>The best pho broth I've ever had, and I've had a lot.  A great staff, clean atmosphere, and a fun and knowledgeable owner makes for an interestingly yummy Asian treat.  For the adventurous (and more of you Charlotteans need to be when it comes to food), there is the Special Vietnamese pho with tripe and tendon, my favorite.  Don't be afraid, they also have the more tame versions with out the icky bits I love so much.  Hubbie, a vegetarian, loves the shrimp curry which has a wonderful green curry sauce.  Heck, even their iced tea is good.  An interesting side note:  When I lived in Philly the owner's parents place was my favorite Vietnamese restaurant there, proving the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,9/3/2010,16,30,3,5,5>I have a soft, medium-rare spot for burger-themed restaurants and this place does not disappoint. They play fast and loose with the term "burger" here, with a bacon-encrusted chicken sandwich, portabella melt & pork burger all falling under the moniker of the usually ground beef based sammy. Prices usually between $8-11; includes a side (indulge your inner Napoleon Dynamite & do the tots).  Build your own burger or go with the Frenchie (Turkey burger, brie, apple, bacon), Sam I Am (pesto, ham, fried egg) or any other over-the-top sounding selection on the menu. Jalapeno bacon? Bacon mayo? Yes please x2!!! The milkshakes are terrific, but a little on the pricey side, IMO. Pretty good tap beer selection. Fun atmosphere. Usually pretty crowded, even with outdoor seating. Ocassional celebrity sightings (I've seen Fred Couples & Jay Bilas here on separate occasions). A really fun place, with some of the most unhealthy burgers you could ask for. Bring your burger-enthusiast amigos and bask in self-satisfaction as they rave about how awesome this little place is.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,9/2/2010,93,189,,7,6>Can you create affordable housing by buying books, drink some awesome espresso, and browse the web under the same roof?  Yep, you can do all three at Julia's Coffee.This charming place is attached to the Habitat for Humanity store (a nice place to 'dig' for deals, if you know what I mean) on Wendover Road.  The coffeehouse is perhaps one of the coolest interiors; very vintage with a loft and many books.  The staff are super friendly and they have a daily trivia question that, if answered correctly, gives you .10 off your purchase!  Woo hoo!I like the espresso drinks and the iced coffee.  They use medium roast espresso, as well as daily coffee specials.  Teas, muffins, bagels, and sandwiches are available, but I've never tried them.  The books are the selling point for me.  Hardbacks (solid titles, not fluffy romances) are 4 for $12, plus you have the confidence that you're supporting the Habitat cause.  Paperbacks go for $1. Imagine buying a paperback and a latte for less than $5! Certainly not at at Barnes and Noble! Did I mention that they have FREE live music on the weekends?  They have recently opened their doors till 9 PM on Fridays and Saturdays to accommodate more live music.  Come and check it out!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,9/1/2010,80,142,5,5,2>This is what dog heaven must be like.......according to my dog at least. I was happy to see that the former Pineville Puppy Cafe has since moved on and up to the big city. In my previous time in the Queen City, I was literally dragged here by my little pup for the first few weeks to teach him how to socialize with other dogs and some humans too. It was a great experience for the both of us. While checking out places to live this past week, I stumbled across the Canine Cafe once again. I was impressed with the new location. It is a dog emporium colorfully decorated which is funny since dogs are color blind but the sense of smell is a different story which is the main reason to come here, TREATS!I know every pooch, no matter the size, loves food or good game of tug of war. I brought the Hobbes in to check out the items in the freezer. He decided to go with the Peanut Butter cake. Peanut Butter is his biggest weakness. He can't say no to it. Hobbes approved of the new location and PB cake with 5 PAWS!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,8/31/2010,60,250,1,6,4>I have eaten at, and reviewed the Genaro's in Indian Trail more than once.  Thanks to a heavily discounted gift certificate (restaurant.com/microsite), I stopped in here for the fist time.Is fabulouso actually a word?  It does describe the lunch we had today.The Bandeja Genaro is a sampler plate meant to serve two, for $22.95.  It contains more food than two people should be allowed to eat. (we did not finish it all)  On the plate was a 1/2 rotisserie chicken, beef, pork, and two different types of sausages.  You choose two additional sides.Fabu-freakin-louso does pretty well sums it up!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,8/29/2010,42,129,2,3,3>Very family friendly! That counts for a lot in this house. Breakfast is the only meal that we actually attempt to eat out with 3 preschoolers. Last week, the wait on a Sunday morning was almost 45 minutes but once we were seated our server was incredibly prompt and attentive. I was most impressed when my 2 year old ordered a hot chocolate and they brought her a mildly tepid version - kudos for that! The kids menu is simple and priced right - $5. They added chocolate chips to the kids pancakes for$.50. The kids' meals all came with a huge dish of beautiful fruit. My husband ordered an omelet special and it was fantastic. I ordered the banana pecan French toast and it really was too sweet for my taste.Today we had no wait but the service was slightly less fantastic. My husband was served coffee with no cream or sugar and our salt shaker was empty. Our food was excellent but I was ready to bus my own table at the end because my kids were so antsy and the check was nowhere in sight. My husband finally had to give in and just take the kids out while I waited for the check. Still our fave breakfast place - will probably be back soon!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2010,8/28/2010,216,466,3,6,3>I have been here several times for dinner and most recently this past Friday for lunch.  I am boring and usually get the same types of things - gyro platter or sandwich which is very good.  If you are going to dinner here you have to get the Flaming Cheese - I cant remember what the proper name is for it but it is fantastic and they light it on fire at your table!!  The service has been slow for dinner and we always correlate that to the gorgeous young waiters and waitresses which we say are too busy to wait on us cause they are in the back making out with each other!  haha! But for lunch service was super quick for our large group and no complaints about anything.  The gyro platter comes with these great thick potato chip-like things which are great!!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,8/27/2010,84,301,,3,4>Sour and sweet and relatively good for you...you can't beat it. I'm a fan. I like the Tree Hugger best, but it is also really nice to get just strawberries and condensed milk. I also had the Key Lime Pie one time, and it was amazing as well. You get big portions for a great price.I also just kind of like being in the place. They have a nice couch and WiFi, and while I haven't set up to work in there yet, I plan to at some point in the future. Hopefully, I won't freak out the employees by putting in a full day's work alongside them. They seem to be a pretty tolerant bunch.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,8/26/2010,33,75,2,6,5>I had the pleasure of dining at Lulu last night and was very happy with my experience! I had been wanting to go for quite some time and finally got my wish. The restaurant is very romantic and quaint. It has a very intimate feel and would be fabulous for an anniversary dinner or an evening out with a good friend. We wanted the true experience so we opted for four courses. For our first course, we had The Movie Star which was calamari with slaw and asian love sauce. The calamari was crispy and delicious on its own but when combined with the slaw and sauce, it was fantastic. The BLT wedge caught my eye so we decided to get it for our second course. It was definitely a wedge done very well. The overnight tomatoes were a great touch and the blue cheese was beyond delicious. There was a great deal of bacon on the salad which I really loved. Everything on the menu sounded great so our choice of entree was very difficult. I chose the Mussels Normande in a cream sauce with bacon, mushrooms, and sherry. The portion was huge! The mussels were fresh and very good with the sauce. They portion of house made fries was also huge and delicious alone or when dipped in the  cream mussel bath! My friend ordered their gnocchi, which they are known for. The pasta was light and cooked to perfection. The accompanying ragout with Italian sausage was very flavorful. One would have a difficult time not licking their plate after consuming the pasta. Although we were quite full, we had to order dessert. We decided to get the strawberry shortcake which was very light and a great way to end the meal. It was in the form of a layer cake and the strawberry preserves in the middle were fabulous. I really enjoyed my experience at Lulu and was pleased the see that the prices were very reasonable. The portion sizes were also really big so you really feel like you are getting more bang for your buck. It would also be a really fun place to go and get small plates with a group of friends. I would definitely recommend Lulu because not only was the food amazing but the staff was very helpful and prompt.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,8/25/2010,112,425,3,4,2>It was the first weekend of springtime weather following this horrendous winter, and we were determined to get around Charlotte. Perfect weather means spending time outside, and that always means a trip to NoDa. And NoDa means good (cheap) food. I want to branch out and try all of the street's fabled offerings but today it was back to a tried and true favorite after a long winter of hibernation: Cabo Fish Taco. They have never done me wrong.Over the winter they seem to have expanded. A second room has doubled their capacity. And today they needed it all. We were squeezed in amongst the most diverse crowd you'll find in Charlotte - a refreshing reminder that the world is more interesting than the Uptown bar scene. You'll find that all over NoDa, but here especially. I was a little nervous that with the expansion, and with the beautiful day bringing out so many people, the staff might be overwhelmed. Our waitress was a little harried, but she managed to efficiently serve a dozen tables - polite, even if she didn't have time to chat. Per Bill F's suggestion I went for the blackened mahi-mahi signature taco, and it was awesome. Awesome. That white cilantro sauce is to die for. My only complaint is that I didn't see their complementary salsa on the menu. That stuff was so good I would have loved to buy another serving. It is probably for the best; I couldn't have managed another plate anyway. Just enough room for some Tasty Yo across the street...
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,8/24/2010,49,306,3,9,4>Went here recently, wondering what had changed beside the name and the sign outside.It turns out that the experience is quite different now, but not in altogether negative ways.I was a little bummed to see that they had switched from that exciting picture menu to a four-pager with no photos, but oh well.  Also a bit discouraging was the fact that there were about a dozen items on the menu that were crossed off with a pen.  They should probably just print new paper inserts.We got a horchata, and there was something wrong with it.  It was "off."  It was the kind of deal where I had to keep taking little sips to verify that something was wrong, but there definitely was.  They happily took it back and took it off the bill.So then I was worried . . . .  Was the food going to be okay?  Would there be something off about it, too?No need to worry, our enchiladas were really, really good.  My wife got the veggie enchiladas poblanas (with an excellent dark mole sauce), and I got the enchiladas verdes.  Both were dynamite.  Mine could have used a bit more sauce.As it was, we pretty much cleaned our plates, which is a testament to how good the dishes were, because they're piled high with rice, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, avocado, queso fresco, sour cream, etc.I also love it that they have my favorite hot sauce - Tapatio - at the table.One more change from the Casas de las Enchiladas days: the woman waiting tables spoke English.  I was more than happy to practice my Spanish with the waitstaff at the old restaurant, but now I no longer have to embarrass myself, and will no longer receive a sliced avocado when I order a horchata.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,8/23/2010,42,144,5,11,4>On the advice of a friend I tried out Spice 9.  It being the first visit, we just went for the lunch buffet to try out a selection of items.  We could smell spices from the parking lot, in a good way.  The buffet provided a great quick lunch with lots of choices.   There were several tasty chutneys, including tamarind and a more unusual coconut.  The buffet selection included the Mughal staples:  rice, naan, tandoori chicken, butter chicken, and vegetable curries, but there were also more homey Indian dishes like a yellow dal with green peppers, lamb curry, sambar and rasam, an eggplant dish,  and dry curries (just veg and spice without a heavy sauce).   The spicing seemed very authentic, and the level of heat was definitely higher than in the average Charlotte Indian restaurant.   It isn't "take your face off" hot -- if you're one of those people that think every meal is a chili pepper eating contest you might be disappointed.   The spice blends come out nicely and aren't dominated by the heat, and dishes that are supposed to taste different from each other and use different spice blends, actually do taste different.  I lived for a few months in India when I was younger, so I'm pretty picky about Indian restaurants.  This is one I'll go back to.  The restaurant is located right across the road from Concord Mills just south of Lowe's.   The interior is nicely decorated and definitely has an upscale vibe, not like the usual strip-mall place.   Note:  disappointingly, the name of the restaurant is not a Vonnegut reference, although that does not affect the deliciousness of the food.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,8/21/2010,217,84,4,12,4>I was the guy on your dorm building floor that bought a set of clippers and learned to cut everybody's hair if it consisted of keeping your sides and back tight or faded up.  And after school, I kept with the tradition of cutting my own hair for good or bad.  It was hard to gauge the meaning of the "oh" response that I got from people.But after I did a charity beard growing competition in 2007 and let my hair grow as well for three months, I thought it time to get a big boy haircut and the Bang! Bang Salon was the perfect place.Jenny, at the front counter is always cordial and! gets me in to see Laura as soon as possible.The first time that I went in and got a wash and cut, it took me back to when my grandmother used to trim us kids up in her farmhouse beauty salon.  I am a sucker for nostalgia.And the atmosphere is just what a barber shop or salon should be.  Locally based people who are in touch with the goings on chit chatting with the clientele and each other about the neighborhood low down.They carry the hair care and styling products that they use on you, so it is super easy to try and recreate your style outside the salon.I have always gotten the cut I wanted and Laura is great at rescuing me from those times in between cuts where I think I can get away busting out the old clippers and cleaning things up a little.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,8/20/2010,92,226,,8,3>King's Kitchen fills many voids in the Charlotte area. First it's a meat & three, which has been long missing since Gus Sir Beef left Latta Arcade years ago.  Second it's a GOOD, upscale meat & three which is part of the Noble family of restaurants (one that even I will enjoy going to). Third it is the most wonderful concept: it is a nonprofit conceived by all proceeds are leveraged to donate to soup kitchens, and other food charities. Beyond that, they employ the otherwise unemployable (formerly incarcerated, rehabilitated, etc.) and are integrating a 40-week job training program to teach life skills. They also hand out box lunches to homeless. There isn't a place like this anywhere around, so I wanted to support this nonprofit even if the food wasn't good. Maybe their motto should be "Do Good, Eat Well" because lucky for me, it was delicious.They said they have the best pan fried chicken in town, so that's what I tried along with some of the best grits I've had in Charlotte (Anson Mill stoneground grits with some corn kernels), stewed squash and fried green beans. The squash was absolutely delicious, and the beans weren't really what I expected- I thought they might be battered and crispy, but they were possibly stewed and then fried so they were definitely more crispy than stewed, but not crispy crispy. My chicken's breast was very tender inside and I would definitely get that again.  I will refrain from commenting on my husband's pot roast since I never like fatty meat. He said it was tender. He accompanied the roast with mac 'n cheese (good but not plentiful enough), collard greens which were tasty and not too vinegary, and creamed corn which weren't too creamy. He was very pleased as well.  Other meats included fried flounder, grilled chicken breasts and Eegads! chicken livers!! We are in the South, Jules, get over it.  There were several other things to choose from as well as some sandwiches.  Desserts included a banana pudding with a torched meringue top from the pastry chef from Johnson & Wales, a brown sugar pound cake, chocolate pie, coconut chess pie and others.  Service was very friendly, but we got the sense some of the staff was underemployable. Since they've been open only a few days they're still in training mode, but was very encouraged about the friendliness.Right now they are only open for lunch M-F, but they hope to open for breakfast and eventually dinner as well and are going to play with opening for breakfast/lunch on weekends.  Their spot on Church & Trade has a great spot for outdoor seating but I would understand why they would opt to have it be weekdays only.  My office is right next door, so I will definitely be going again. Probably not every week because I would need to change my nickname to Fat Jules, but definitely every other week, perhaps only with a veggie plate!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,8/19/2010,64,504,2,5,3>We went to Soul this past Saturday night for dinner for the first time.  We were impressed by our initial entrance.  The restaurant/bar is situated on the 2nd floor of an old restored brick building.  The outdoor seating offered fantastic views of the Charlotte Uptown skyline.  Inside there are a few booths (with high backs), a few tables, a bar, a DJ booth with stools, and some sofas and chairs.  All in all, it offered a great, casual, fun atmosphere.  The place was "hopping," but luckily, we were seated right away at some empty stools indoors around the DJ booth (who wasn't there at the time).  The menu offers a variety of tapas.  We had a hard time picking out which ones we would order, but finally were able to narrow it down to five to share.  We chose the (1) Sashimi Tuna Tacos, (2) Lamb Lollipops, (3) Bone Marrow, (4) Boursin Cheese Stuffed Piquillo Peppers on Bruschetta, and (5) the Sushi Crunch Roll.   The tuna tacos were very flavorful and were like very mini tacos.  The lamb was good and tender, but I probably wouldn't order them again because I'd rather try some of their other (cheaper) skewers of meat.  We were adventurous with the bone marrow, but it was our least favorite and something we wouldn't order again.  It was a little too gel-like for my taste, although one of them tasted like egg (?).  The bruschetta was creamy and rich with flavor.  I'd definitely order that again.  The sushi crunch roll was huge!  It was very wide, so we had to cut it in half before eating it.  I liked it, but I've had better crunch rolls, so I'd try a different kind of sushi roll next time.  Our server was fantastic.  She was very friendly and, being that it was our first time, she explained a little bit about the menu.  Even though she had several other tables, she kept checking on us after each tapas was brought out.  All in all, we had a fantastic time and it's a great place to hang out for a date night, with friends, or to bring out-of-town guests who like a vibrant scene.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,8/18/2010,26,20,2,8,5>With a heavy heart I said good bye to the Tailgate and HELLO to Atherton Mill and Market.  Located conveniently in SouthEnd this warehouse is a perfect place for most, if not all, of your weekly shopping needs.  Local North Carolina farmers, fishers and bakers alike sell their goods for cheap!  There is something so human about buying produce right from the growers hands.  If you find something you typically don't use, ask for cooking recommendations or even recipes.  Everyone there is happy to help and glad to be providing you with healthy, natural and  organic meals...from farm to fork as they say.  Last trip I purchased butter, eggs, cheese, beef, kale, spinach and a trendy yet sturdy tweed Atherton Mill and Market reusable bag.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,8/17/2010,20,71,5,14,6>Bistro La Bon rates a solid four stars for service, food, presentation, and ambience... Don't let the location fool you. Just lock your car doors and hurry on in. They're not open on Mondays, so, since my twins are at camp this week, we came in on Tuesday.This place has tablecloths, cloth napkins, nice china, and relatively comfortable surroundings. They have four or five outdoor tables, and a surprisingly large indoor seating area, with a bar/lounge area near the entrance that looks pretty posh and comfy. Waiters are polished and polite, attentive without being smothering. They're also very enthusiastic, to the point of almost gushing about the food and how good it is. They're trying hard. The food IS good. Check out the menus in the photo section here. My wife and daughter and I sampled two small plates as appetizers, and devoured our three entrees. Entree portion sizes are just about right.The hummus is good, although we are hummus lovers, so we've had better (but not often). The olive, pickle, edamame sampler was yummy!They did a good job on everything else, too (see my photos). My wife thought the bok choy was a little salty, but my daughter liked it that way. I didn't try it.The dill potatoes were very tasty. The Salmon was great, according to my wife. Pan Seared Branzino (European Sea Bass) was excellent. I have no idea what's in that sauce, but it's decadent!The veggie sandwich looked great. I wish I had ordered that. My daughter could live to 100 if she keeps eating that stuff.The few suggestions I have for these folks are to put some art on the walls and to put some interesting treatments on the (rest of the) windows. The views of the industrial neighborhood and the power lines outside aren't that attractive. A bit of carpet, or sound-deadening material on the floors, ceiling, or walls, is in order, too, if possible. The place was pretty loud, and there were only six or seven other occupied tables there when we were.Those complaints are minor. All in all, this is a very nice restaurant. My daughter paid them her highest compliment: "I want my next boyfriend to bring me here." She's pretty picky, being a vegetarian AND lactose intolerant, and she found really satisfying choices here. I concluded I need an excuse to come back here and hang with friends in the bar for a while. It just looked relaxing.  Take $20 to $35 per person, depending upon hunger and thirst for alcohol. I think it's worth it.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,8/16/2010,104,306,2,5,4>Went  to the soft opening of Duckworth's. i made a new restaurant since they changed their name, location and updated the menu. So, maybe this should be linked to Duckworth's Cheesesteakery. i was a big fan of the Cheesesteakery, but while  their old location was in a good spot the inside was extremely limited.  Now the inside is much more open, inviting and improved. They've also revamped the menu from what i can tell adding fancier steaks and such (don't remember seeing them before), but holding over the good stuff.  We had some fried mushrooms which were okay. Nothing special, just something fried.  The jalapeno chicken was extremely delicious. Regular price is $14.99 but i think it was worth the price. The wife thoroughly enjoyed it. i can't resist ordering the buffalo Philly cheesesteak. i've never been to Philly, so maybe my taste buds don't know the 'real' thing. But i thoroughly enjoy it with their sweet potato fries.  Delicious.They were my favorite place to get good draft beer before, and now they increased from 20 to like 60 beers on draft! It is a beautiful thing. With $2.50 specials on ALL beer on Tuesday and Thursday, i don't know of a better place in the area. Every day there is supposed to be select $2.50 drafts. The only drawback appeared to be the parking situation which is somewhat limited.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,8/15/2010,228,451,5,7,3>This is a HUGE bowling ally!  I was worried that we wouldn't get a lane on a Friday night w/o a reservation but even though the place was busy there were still 6-8 free lanes and it wasn't a problem.  The guys working the counter were efficient and nice.  Price is reasonable too.  If you go after 6pm, they charge $5.50 a game/per person and $4.25 for the shoes (before 6, the games are a little cheaper at $4.75).  They also have coupons online, so if you get there before 9pm, they'll hook you up with a free game.  I ended up paying under $10 for shoes AND 2 games!  Other things to know about Pappas:- Parking is plentiful (there's a large lot adjacent to the building)- There is a "restaurant" but it's more like a snack shack and mainly offers fast food type of food- They play fun 80's and 90's music so when you're not playing you can dance and make a fool of yourself- If you normally play with 8 pound bowling balls, they are difficult to find, so be prepared.  I had to use 10 for most of the game and I had a hard time.  Halfway through the game, my friend felt sorry for me and scoured the place lane by lane, and eventually spotted an 8 pounder and brought it over- Monday nights are retro nights where you get a STEAL!  It's $7 to get in, about $0.70 a game, and shoe rentals are free.  They also have food specialsLastly, if you suck at bowling like I do, fear not, this is a relaxed bowling space where most people are just bowling for fun and not in leagues.   Although they do conveniently post online of when their leagues play so you can plan ahead and go when it's just regular people if you want to avoid the humiliation.  My high score was 50 last night (seriously!) and I somehow was able to walk out with my head still up and not in utter shame (although if there was a league nearby I don't want to think of what I'd do or how I'd cover that up!).All in all, this is a really cool, laid back, and fun place to hang out and let loose.  I'd like to go back here and try again for atleast a 51 for a chance at redemption.  Wish me luck!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,8/13/2010,199,213,10,17,12>What an awesome place to hang out and chill with you friends in middle of the night. As I stated in my review earlier, a friend of mine flew in from Philly so I called up all our college friends and we had our boyz night out. After done at the EpiCentre around 2am, I decided to check out Amelie's since I was hearing so many good things about it here on Yelp. Also, we had to get buzz off before get home otherwise my friends would get in trouble ;)We arrived at the bakery and I see mid 20s college kids hanging outside on a patio. Oh that reminded all our good old days but let's not go there!We walked in and all I see is the greatest evil man kind ever made which is undesirable tasty so that we go back for more. I couldn't figure out what I should get and what I should skip so I ordered Chocolate Croissants, apple/peach/pear tarts and chocolate creme brulee. All I can say is, I was worried about what I am about to do to myself or my diet but I felt satisfied!While having our satisfying desert, I couldn't stop thinking abt the decor and one of my friend mention that it's all made out of junk/vintage items. So I said, it doesn't matter as long as the presentation is perfect :)
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2010,8/12/2010,255,284,8,5,6>The place to chill with a few pitchers of beer after a group sport. I've only ever sat in the patio and it's wonderful when the weather is mild, i.e. not humid. Couple of TVs spread around, always tuned into some sports game. Service is really friendly but can be slow, so expect to wait if you need anything from a waiter/ess, unless you chase em down. Food is just aiite, they no longer have the tree hugger burger or portobello burger. Veggie wrap is just okay and fish tacos would be much better if they provided a lime to go with it. Great place to just hang out and watch a game. You can probably find me here at least once a week...but don't, bc that'd be stalking.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,8/11/2010,80,228,4,7,4>FINALLY! A really good Philly Cheesesteak sandwich in Charlotte!! Not perfect, but light years ahead of any other I have ever had here. I found myself in the Colony/Rae Road area, hungry in the mid-afternoon, and had been wanting to check out The Lodge. I read about the place and expected it to be a little more upscale/snobby, but it really seemed more like a great little neighborhood restaurant/bar. It was during that awkward mid-afternoon lull... between lunch and dinner on a Saturday. I was by myself, so I perched at the bar. This bar has character. I'm not sure where it came from before being installed here, but it has some history. When you first enter the Lodge, the bar is on the right of the open reception area, and the dining room further back past the hostess station. A few video games kind of crowd the entrance, but they got some use a little later from a handful of twenty-something guys who came in to hang out and have a few suds. The menu has many compelling choices from the appetizer/munchie level up to full blown entrees. Lots of intriguing burger options, only a few of which are beef. What caught my eye, and ended up winning out was the Philly cheesesteak. I forget what the menu called it, but my eye kept coming back to it! There's REAL STEAK in this cheesesteak!! Not some chopped, pressed and formed and frozen steak-like processed crap. Tastes like steak! :) How hard is that?!? Only complaint is that the *classic* Philly comes "wit".... which means with cheez-whiz. The Lodge's comes with Provolone, which is only a half-point deduction. Manager guy acknowledged that deficiency without me having to point it out... giving back .25 of the half point deduction. :) Beverage(s) and service were fine. Nothing special, nor deficient. It would be interesting to see what this place is like during "prime time" when the staff is pumped up.. I won't hesitate to come back if/when I find myself nearby.P.S.  The roll/bun of the cheesesteak had a nice, light, warm and toasty grilling on it.  I was tempted to order the garlic fries, but chose the garlic tots as my side... only the Lord knows why.  I don't really like tater tots, but these were great.  Perfectly fried and lightly flavored, and I'm not sure how.  Drizzle of garlic infused oil?  Hmmm.... Yum.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2010,8/10/2010,761,516,7,7,5>For those of us who prefer small dive bars, dark pubs, killer clowns, and the blues brothers, then this is the bar for you. If you've driven down Independence Blvd. then you've probably seen a small bar called "Yesteryears" or as some refer to it as "Goodtimes"...oh and what a goodtime you will have. Unless you are dying of hunger and enjoy childhood memories of a cutup hot dog that your mom gave to you when you were 5 years old I wouldn't recommend eating here. However for a die hard karaoke enthusiast like myself there is no place better, the beer is cold the drinks are cheap, and the jello shots are plenty. Don't forget to give the bartender Skunk a big tip he is awesome.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,8/9/2010,155,972,2,7,6>Pretty classy and a great way to celebrate our anniversary!They have a private location for dining and we were treated like VIPs. The decor is very modern and upscale. We spent an hour and a half visiting and dining and never felt rushed.  The food was delicious and plentiful. The service was great! The hostess was very friendly and had our table ready when we arrived (reservation was right on). Our server was friendly and helpful in describing different entrees. You definitely want to dress up when you go here. It's a classy place for a date night or to celebrate something special!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2010,8/8/2010,1252,934,,14,19>Though I'm working professional....that hasn't always been the case.  There have two times in my life I was totally on my own with no back up system and I needed help.  The first was when I went back to college and paid my way the second was recently when I got a taste of what is was like to be unemployed and in one of the worst economies since my grandparents were alive.So as I work in places where money is no object and the simple things some folks struggle to obtain (food and shelter) are of no consequences I try to think back to times I wondered if I would ever get back to where I wanted...or needed to be for that matter.So in my job I manage merger activities for banks integrating....in doing so we work on weekends....12+ hours a day  so we need to eat, but we usually over order.  So why throw out perfectly good fresh food when you can feed someone who needs it.  That is what I'm doing....for the next 16 months as the two banks I'm working with merger.....I'm taking the excess meals to the Men's Shelter of charlotte.  The non-profit is a large facility sitting on the east side of town just outside of center city.I doubt many folks would go here...the place is big and when I visited there today the sheer numbers of men waiting in line for a meal shocked me.....it also sadden me.  The age ranges from very young...boys almost....to men that had seen more years than most.So when you walk into such a place....do you get nervous...never looking around....fearful someone....some crazy will reach out and grab you.......well I don't.  These men are having a hard time...some will make it into a better situation...others may not be so lucky, but The Men's Shelter does what it can to help these men.  Everyone was respectful and nice and I felt at ease.This particular Sunday we had over 18 meals left over from Dean and Deluca, so I drove them over there.  NOTE:  If you want to donate food in such a manner, you should park in the front and walk around to the right...up the ramp... and into the main lobby and ask for the Shift Manager.  The woman I spoke with (forgive me as I cannot remember her name) was very nice and helpful in giving me all the information I needed to deliver the food both now and in the future.  In addition, she can provide you with a form to fill out and they will send a thank you note????? They send me a thank you note????? It should be the other way around for letting me help these people that need it most.The bags of boxed lunches were taken at the loading dock (before the ramp) and I was thanked for my help.  As I drove away the rain stopped and for a moment I helped some people that yesterday were never on my radar.  So if you have something these folks could use, please consider donating it to the Men's Shelter
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,8/7/2010,196,213,13,11,9>When Sunset Club had free drinks for ladies, it was a sight rarely seen and offered. I was tempted to dress up as one just to take advantage of it. The crowd is mature and the DJ spins good, real hip hop, circa 1990s and not the lean wit it rock wit it stuff. Decor is pretty exquisite and there wasn't a dude in the bathroom trying to bamboozle $ out of you just for handing you a paper towel that you could have grabbed yourself. Table service is flashy and the bottles are delivered with sparklers for everyone to envy and gawk in awe. The hostesses are friendly (and hot), service was excellent and management was nice but the lack of fans and air conditioning not being able to accommodate for the packed house was not so hot.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,8/6/2010,187,1664,7,7,5>You may have heard recently that curling is all the rage since the Winter Olympics came through.  Some call it "chess on ice", but that may not be completely accurate, since chess is a little more precise in the placement of pieces.  Maybe "shuffleboard on ice" is a little more accurate.  Either way, the game (sport, whatever) is definitely entertaining.The Charlotte Centre Curling Club is open for membership, and they just held their first Learn to Curl event at the Pineville Ice House.  About twenty intrepid souls, plus a few instructors and even local "celebrity" Larry Sprinkle, checked out the action and tried to figure out the game.Played on ice, with droplets of water sprinkled on top to create a rougher surface which "curls" the 42-pound granite rocks, players try valiantly to maintain their balance while pushing the rocks back and forth, using sweeping techniques to get the rocks to go where they want (the sweeping action creates a path of sorts for the rocks).Most of the session was spent figuring out how to keep your balance and push the rock towards the other end of the ice.  Yours truly spent a good bit of time on the ice.  The one time I managed to get the rock moving in the right direction, Larry Sprinkle was sweeping a bit too vigorously and he ended up on his backside.  Another, I didn't even make it that far and nearly took out the camera.  I hope I don't get a bill.  Or sued for nearly killing a local celebrity.Apparently the feature will be shown on April 9th.  Have to keep an eye out for it.At least for a limited time, the highlight video is online - complete with a shot of yours truly knocking Larry Sprinkle to the ice.wcnc.com/on-tv/Larry-lea
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,8/5/2010,118,281,11,20,7>Two caveats: 1. I have little-to-no experience with Indo-Chinese and 2. Anywhere in Charlotte with more than 10 options for veggies gets an obligatory additional star.But. Seriously. Where have you been all my life, Manchurian Pakora? This dish has no Western equivalent. Frying shreds of veggies coated in chickpea flour to crisp dumpling-land, then drowning them in a savory, spicy gravy - smothered in bird's eye chilis - hot damn, that's heaven in a stainless steel wok. All the entrees are. Served in woks, that is, on small metal stands. Neat! So yeah, there's the blacked-out-window massage parlor, strip joint, and lingerie shop all within a stone's throw of Fu Lin, but hey, that's what I like to call East Charlotte Panache. It's ok. Rent, in this strip mall, is obviously low (Don Pedro's is a two second walk away from here, home of even frugaler, if not quite as delicious, eats). Means you can get a ton of tasty food for cheap - unless you're ordering a paneer dish, or something seafoody, most of your options are 9 bucks a pop. Soups are either 2 or 4 - the larger price is a huge bowl for two.The options for us veggies are endless. If it's not on the menu as vegetarian, and it's in any way possible to prepare it vegetarian, they'll make it for you. Guy was emphatic about the "made to order from scratch" concept. He also did an awesome job of explaining the differences in Manchurian rather than Chili preparations, how they spice things for various orders (ie, dried versus fresh chili), all that good stuff that you want to hear when you're an annoying, inquisitive, first-time partaker of any new cuisine. Lettuce wraps (on the menu why? Don't care, only place in CLT to get it with tofu) were just as I've had elsewhere, except no pine nuts. Still tasty. Nothing we ordered, meat or veg, failed to surpass expectations - but beware - medium spicy is not your typical medium. Had some crying peeps at the table by the end of the meal, including moi - but that's how I like it.
