<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/25/2014,20,119,4,7,6>They have the best donuts!  I have been there many times trying different kinds and they never disappoint. The staff is always very friendly. I dont usually give 5 stars but they by far have the best tasting donuts in the area...and outside the area...most times. Luckily they're not that close to where I live or else I would be much healthier looking :)  My favorite is the chocolate frosted cake donut but really I've liked all of them. Instead of making a White Castle run, make a Dimples run!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,11/24/2014,352,448,6,10,8>Lee Donuts has a new owner and a new look. The previous owners were super friendly but the location was starting to look a little shabby. I had a chance to see the brand new owner and store when I came for the grand re-opening last month. I really like the new layout -- an old school diner theme. I especially like the later hours because know I can get donuts well into the evening hours. The only thing I didn't like was that the new owner greeted everyone who came into the store in a very friendly manner but didn't even acknowledge my boyfriend and I when we walked in. We even purchased a dozen donuts from his store and didn't hear a peep out of him or a general glance in our direction. I can't help but take it personally. Despite the fact that I didn't feel appreciated as a customer, the donuts here are still as delicious as ever. Try the blueberry or the sour cream -- two of my favorites!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,11/23/2014,771,552,6,8,6>I've visited this place numerous times and you're probably asking why I haven't reviewed it  yet....well I wanted to make sure that service and sushi was consistent. Overall, it actually has been. The first time I visited was for a UYE AYCE sushi. I had no idea what to expect but between 7 of us we managed to eat A LOT of sushi. For those of you that don't know the "Yelp Lingo" yet, UYE - Unofficial Yelp Event and AYCE - All You Can Eat. Ughhh....I just became one of THOSE people, who say Lingo. lolSince the first time and to the last time I visited, it still stands, my favorite is the Lion King roll, I just can't get enough. Whatever sauce they put on top is on POINT!  My second favorite would have to be the Mango & Tuna rolls. Yummmm-O! (As Rachel Ray would say, is she still around?)I'd have to say the oddest thing I've tried at Abashiri is their shrimp boat.....sounds cool doesn't it? No, it actually doesn't. At all. lolWell, I'm not going to lie, I had to talk myself into eating this. It's a piece of open faced shrimp, topped with white rice, a quail egg and caviar. NEVER in my life would I have tried that but I've learned that in life, you should always try things at least once. So I closed my eyes, inserted the boat in my mouth and closed it. To my surprise it was SOOOOO good! I could not believe that I, Osiris V, liked that slimy quail egg caviar topped thingy. haha But the combination gave it an exquisite flavor. If you visit, you should definitely try it for your selves. Just remember, AYCE sushi is only from Monday through Thursday and it runs around $25/pp. Which is not bad at all considering if you order one plate it runs you about 12-14. So it's very worth it. Plus they have really good Japanese beers!Update: I guess they have AYCE sushi everyday except Sunday now!!! WHOA.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/22/2014,135,187,9,10,8>How good was it? This is the first time I've ever cleaned my plate or finished my whole meal at any restaurant. But let me start at the beginning.What brought me here was a search for shrimp and grits in the suburbs. Per James H.'s review the ones here were great. So tonight me and my husband went, snagged a seat on the patio, and dug in. The menu is small but the beer list is nice and long. I got to try the Bell's Amber Ale(reminded me of Hacker Schoer) and the Not Your Fathers Root Beer(tastes JUST like root beer but has alcohol). Both were great, but the NYFRB was more my speed and it's a new favorite.  Most of the menu is small plates. We ordered a lot of different things because everything looked so good. For appetizers we did fried pickles, grilled oysters grilled shrimp. All of these rocked the house. The grilled shrimp was huge, tender, seasoned and sauced just right.  We'd never had grilled clams, and these were fantastic. The shrimp. The grits. Wow. This was a larger plate, definitely an entree. The dish also nice sized bacon pieces and a perfect egg over easy.  My husband was was lucky to get a few bites, because I finished the whole thing. I almost ordered some to go. This dish is the perfect combo of all the delicious things I love. The pulled pork sliders were tasty. Nice pretzel buns and not over sauced. The onion rings were crispy, battered thick the way they should be.To top it off, bread pudding. Bread pudding made with...wait for it...DONUTS! And it must've had magical powers because I looked away for a second and it disappeared. Or my husband inhaled it. Each item, besides the ones we asked to be brought as entrees, was brought separately. I really feel like that gave us a chance to enjoy the flavors properly. Our server was attentive, fun, and informative. Each dish was prepared fresh and presented cleanly.  Despite their extensive beer list, don't make the mistake of dropping by Union House just for a beer.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,11/21/2014,78,76,4,12,8>When I was younger, I used to go here all the time with my parents.  It had been YEARS since I've been there and my dad suggested it over another Italian restaurant. It was a Saturday evening at around 6pm and they were slammed! We had to wait 15 minutes.  I don't usually drive past it but when I would the parking lot would always be nearly empty, so I was shocked to see this much business.  I believe several changes had been made to the food, ambiance and restaurant and it is now back to what it used to be.  Yes, I will say, for a suburban Italian restaurant it is a little pricey! BUT, I will also say that you will not find a better vodka sauce at any suburban Italian restaurants.  Everything is made to order, so you could expect your dinner to be around 2 hours or so.  They start you off with garlic-butter rolls, delish! The baked clam appetizers were very good and our calamari was crispy and tender on the inside.  Our cocktails were strong, bonus points to the bartender.  I asked for my chicken parmagiana to come with vodka sauce and the waiter had no problem making the substitution.  The rest of our party enjoyed their meals, especially my dad and his veal dish.The service was good, but a little spotty, I couldn't tell who our server was because a couple people kept switching off.  At any rate, the service was fine and fulfilled it's purpose. It's also dinner AND entertainment: Tony Spavone sings and takes requests!My dad is a Taylor Street Italian and loves to hear his "Mob Hits" and Tony kept his favorites coming!  That's amore? Yeah.  I can't comment on much of their menu, but I do recommend the calamari appetizer and the parmigiana dishes.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/20/2014,452,173,11,12,11>When you need someone to have your back.. you get a brawler.It's a Sunday morning, we answer the door and a perfectly good day in May 2014 is tainted by the foul, fetid stench of the beast on my stoop... Mr. Woodbury? It asks.. "Yes",  I say."you've been served"What the...?   I had neglected to immediately inform a homeowners association of my change of address, I rectified it (acknowledged in writing in 2013 by the association) but they never made the change someplace. They raised our fees $20 a month, but because we didn't know, we happily kept autopaying monthly thinking that "all is right with the world"We were less than $300 in the hole and a phone call, letter.... email (same email since 1998) would have taken care of it.Instead, satan's spawn (just kidding, he was just a regular guy) showed up with a summons saying that they had amassed a lot of costs trying to get this money from me... just about $3,000 worth of attorney and late fees. This was the first that I'd heard about it.My regular Attorney couldn't get anywhere with them, they told him that if we go to court the costs will keep going up. Well, he's no dummy and he knows this situation makes no sense* so he tries to reason with them (he's doing this as a favor, it's not his kind of law) but they ignore him. We make an offer to settle... because I know that I owe and that there will be late fees. They tell us.. "See you in court"So I tell my friend that I think I need to get a guy that specializes in this kind of stuff.. a tough guy.. a LITIGATOR.*it actually makes perfect sense now, it appears that the association has something against landlords (I've had the same great tenant for the last 5 years) and are making things harder for us.I work with a lot of Attorneys, but most of them do family law, traffic court, real estate etc.. I saw Dave in the courtroom when I was setting up my trial date, he was representing a Plaintiff.  We talked briefly in the hallway. Dave and I scheduled an hour to go over the case in his office. We met, and he informed me that I have an excellent case and that I should consider putting a very short time limit on the settlement offer that I had made the association.. so I did, and...They ignored me.Dave became my attorney, filed our appearances for court and sent a copy to the opposing counsel.Suddenly, the other side wanted to negotiate and came back with an offer. Now I have costs, so we told them "no".We made a low ball offer back... and they said "See you in court".  We said OK.They asked what it was going to take... Dave told them...The F bombs were flying from the other side   :)They settled for far less than I had offered them the week before.I was able to pay Dave Clark and the association and still have enough money left to take the family to Gibsons for a steak dinner over what I would have paid in my previous offer (wish I had called Dave sooner)Dave thinks we would have had even more success in court, but the settlement was close enough. A trial (however short and easy) is a bunch of aggravation that I prefer to avoid.  A couple of things..When we first talked I was thinking that my case was too small for Dave, he's participated in some pretty large cases. But i never felt that way. Outside of the courtroom, Dave is a nice guy. After our meeting I was confident that I had the right Attorney. He's comfortable in his own skin, patient, competitive (The dude has run a marathon in all 50 states... seriously,  who does that?) and is able to argue facts appropriately. Hopefully, we never need him for personal injury problems, but I'm glad to have a guy that does Business and Contract Law as well as Landlord/Tenant stuff.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/19/2014,270,833,7,14,11>I was randomly in the area one evening when my Dad was in town, and we were looking for a nice place to eat. Fire + Wine had great reviews, so we decided to check it out.The atmosphere is modern, industrial, and romantic at the same time. It does get very loud (really my only complaint about the whole experience). The menu is like tapas, only more Italian based. Most of the plates are big enough to share. They also have a good drink menu. We ordered the Mussels, F + W Chop salad, The Butchers Corner Pizza, The Raisin and Sausage Pizza, and the Gelato Sampler. I could have taken a bath in the mussel broth. They bring bread so you can dip it in the broth. They even brought us more bread without us even asking! The chop salad was really fresh and light. The pizzas were great - just enough toppings, the crust was perfect, and I loved the raisins on the Raisin and Sausage pizza. I've never see anything like that anywhere else. The gelato sampler comes with 2 scoops of gelato - the vanilla bean and pistachio were great.I can't say enough good about the service! We were seated right away, our server was great, our plates were always cleared in a timely manner, everything was explained to us, the drinks were always full, and the food came out pretty quickly. He changed the silverware between each course as well. We were really, really impressed. Fire + Wine easily became one of my favorite restaurants in the burbs that night. We will definitely be back!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,11/18/2014,421,397,57,51,50>Dino's Cafe is the third place I've reviewed that starts with the name Dino. Like the other two places there is no Dinosaur or prehistoric theme here despite what your first thoughts might be with such a name. And fortunately this is the best of the places I've visited called Dino's as well. Since they failed to utilize the dinosaur theme with a name like Dino's, I'll make up for that by writing my review to better emphasize this.One day a friend of mine and I came in with a jurassic appetite. We couldn't quite decide where to eat and came across Dino's and figured it would be worth a try and having never previously visited it was like a lost world to us when we entered. After looking over the menu and not seeing either Fruity or Coco Pebbles, I decided to feast on something made from eggs of a descendant of the dinosaurs(a chicken). I choose a ham and mushroom skillet with pancakes. Before our main course was brought out we were offered some bread, the outside of it was as hard as the stone age and I suspect that this fossil of bread might have been sitting around for a while. Without using a thesaurus to find words to describe it, I'll say that the skillet I received was dino-mite. It had well scrambled eggs, and a good amount of ham and mushrooms. I'm glad I ordered it as I considered ordering the Denver skillet (perhaps named after Denver: the Last Dinosaur) but I don't regret my choice. The potato's were nice and crisp and it had an overall pleasing texture and taste. The pancakes were nice and fluffy and came with a maple syrup that was sweet and not dino-sour. If you're an omnivore or a om-nom-nom-nivore like I am this was an excellent choice.While a lot of places take the "It's a living" approach to service, the waitress was friendly and speedy. She refilled drinks quickly and tried very hard to pleaseosaur. My experience here was rather positive and I wasn't dino sore with my visit.  I recommend it as it's well worth giving a try(ceratops) if you're nearby and looking for breakfast.This is a five star breakfast joint that place with quality entrees like this they shouldn't be going extinct any time soon.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/17/2014,344,146,12,14,11>I see you checking in at all these nice restaurants to stuff your face with marvelous food.  Yeah, I'm talking to YOU!  But what about your little friend at home?!  They deserve a little surf and turf from time to time, too!Bentley's Corner Barkery, located in downtown Arlington Heights, is a locally owned and operated pet food store.  They provide natural, healthy, and organic products for your pet.  Yes, some things are probably a little more expensive than what you may be buying now, but most of it is actually not much more money and is affordable.  Plus, you can spend a couple extra bucks on your fur ball of a family member.  Lately, I've been picking up my kitty some Fromm cat food in different varieties of flavors, and let me tell you...she can't get enough!  "Meow, meow, meow", while nudging the bag, is all I hear from her.  She sure doesn't do that when I feed her Purina.  Nothing against Purina, which we still purchase, but now that she's tasted the good stuff, she has a deeper appreciation for food, like myself.  ;)  That, or she's just really hungry.At Bentley's they also have...wait for it...a bakery case filled with all kinds of treats for your pet!  If you don't have a pet, it's a good spot to snag something for a friend's feline.  They have cannoli, biscotti, sport themed cookies, cupcakes, treats with funny sayings, donuts, and more.  They even have birthday cakes!  Oh yeah, people celebrate their pet's birthdays.  Not me, but people do.The staff is always friendly and as helpful as can be.  Everyone has been informative any time I've gone in.  They have your pets information stored in their computers so it helps personalize your experience.  You can even bring your lil' guy in to shop with you if you like!Your pet wants you to shop at Bentley's Corner Barkery.  Trust me.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/16/2014,180,420,5,12,8>I give this place 5 stars cause of the location, the ambiance, the service, the atmosphere, and the food.  I have actually only been here for dinner and lunch, never to imbibe, so I can't say much for that.  But it's actually a decent place to come with kids.  They have crayons and kid cups.  How many pubs have that?  I'll tell you not a lot.They have a small kids meal menu which is good enough.The food is good.  It's not the best Irish food I've ever had, but it is pretty good.  Sometimes the food is a little salty, but that's just how it goes sometimes.  This time I had a hankering for some corned beef and cabbage.  It was pretty good.  A little different than what I usually have, but not bad.  Oh they have poutine!  It's hard to find poutine outside of Montreal/Quebec.  And usually it's not good.  But it's good here.  The gravy is tasty, the cheese is good and the fries too.  Maybe a little more gravy would be nice.It's a great place, and I'll be back.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/15/2014,131,471,5,11,11>My boy Lefai K. has a knack for knowing what I like. :)He's been wanting to take me to a particular seafood joint, but, much to our dismay, it closes at 7, so we haven't been able to work it into our schedules just yet. Thankfully he has driven by Don's Dock and suggested we try it. When we arrived we were initially overwhelmed with the choices.  Alexis was super sweet and friendly, and explained the whole menu AND specials to us. She gave us suggestions and let us know what the most popular items were. He ordered the Fish Tacos and I had the Fish and Chips. Both were reaaaally delish! I enjoyed the biscuit-type bun and the tartar sauce was a great compliment to the fish. I was really pleased with fresh fruit on the side. His salsa (both on the tacos and on the side) was a bit too sweet for my particular taste. I love that the tortillas were grilled.I also like that this is not "fast" food by any means - we waited about 10 minutes for our food, it came out piping hot, and you could tell it was made with care. Not only that, but it was both fresh AND reasonably priced.I can't wait to go back for another dinner date!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,11/14/2014,123,246,9,13,10>I've been craning my neck to check this place out every day as I passed by on Roselle and today is the day that they have finally opened officially. And I was the first customer!I've been faithfully praying to FSM for a Vietnamese owned Viet restaurant to come to the area and Viet House did not disappoint. There is nothing better than authenticity after patiently enduring all the Chinese diluted menus of the other pho places in the area so I'm extremely happy that Viet House has decided to join the pho competition in the Schaumburg area.Because today was their opening day, they had a limited menu (see pic) but it contained the essentials.  Spring rolls then pho is my usual menu choice whenever I go to a Viet restaurant but we were told the wings were delicious so we ordered some wings to join the party.I'd have to say that I enjoyed the spring rolls the most because they were tightly rolled with just enough noodles (I hate noodle bloated loosely rolled spring rolls) so that the delicate flavors of the shrimp and aromatic mint and herbs were not diluted by excess noodles.  I wish they offered a peanut butter based sauce instead of the typical sweet and dark clear sauce most places offer.  A small side of very freshly shredded and pickled daikon carrot helped to cleanse the palate between bites and wasn't overly sour with vinegar like most places.The wings were small but bursting with flavor all the way through.  I could tell that the wings were well marinated because I could taste the savory and slightly spicy carrot/garlic/jalepeno marinade all the way to the middle of the wings.  These wings do not have any batter, which I prefer, but they were cooked to a crisp around the edges. A great way to start the meal without worrying about filling up before the main course.The first thing I noticed about the pho is that portion sizes are relatively smaller compared to House of Pho or To Pho and is about the same size as Pho Ha.  Their broth was crystal clear indicating use of the time consuming consomme technique.  There was just enough fat floating on top to allow for the flavors of the broth to spread and linger on my tongue.  The second thing I noticed is that total meat content is relatively smaller than any of their afore mentioned competition.  I like my broth to be as aromatic as possible so that I can place my face above a steamy bowl and clearly distinguish between the nutmeg, fennel, cardamom, coriander, cinnamon, charred ginger and onion as well as all the other aromatic spices in a good broth.  Sadly, their broth lacked that complex and deep aroma that I love.Overall, I was impressed with the attentive and friendly service, the simple and clean interior, as well as the initial offerings.  It's hard to be critical on the first day of opening knowing that they are still trying to stabilize their recipes and menu.  I'll definitely be back to try it again, especially since they are within walking distance from home for me.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,11/13/2014,66,166,6,9,9>Really, this should be about a 4.75. The falafel is amazing (and gluten free...I asked, because sometimes it isn't, depending on how it's made). The large combination plate includes rice, beef and chicken shawarma, lamb kufta, a pita, a salad of your choice, tahini, and hot sauce (if you want). It's enough to feed two people, possibly even for two meals. They pack the salad separately from the hot food, so it stays cold. It's all very tasty, moist, and wonderful!The people here are super nice and friendly, too. So glad this place opened in my neighborhood (you can probably tell from my check-ins, haha)! :)
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,11/12/2014,149,479,8,11,11>Color me impressed.I preface this review by stating that I've pretty much written off most of the restaurants within a 10 mile radius from my house.  Why?  Well, for one, I live in Vernon Hills, which is filled with big box stores and boring chain restaurants.  Granted, there are a few local restaurants tucked into the strip malls off Route 60 and Milwaukee Avenue, but they are few and far between.Lo and behold downtown L-Ville.  This is one of the closest places you can hit up if you want to shop local.  A few independent restaurants have popped up along the downtown strip, Shakou being one of them.Now, I love, love, love sushi.  I'd eat it every.single.day if I could.  However, I prefer more of a traditional look to the place - one dominated by Japanese chefs, Japanese sushi makers and a predominantly Asian clientele (e.g. Renga-Tei in Lincolnwood).  More modern sushi joints freak me out.I've walked (and driven) past Shakou a few times and it scared me with its beautiful decor and loud, upbeat music.  I questioned whether such a hip restaurant even belonged in Libertyville where I associate relatively well-to-do families and soccer moms.  Then, I questioned whether the food would actually be good or if it was all show and no substance.And boy, oh, boy was I wrong.  Shakou - 1.  Jen - 0.I finally got over my fear and dined in at 8pm on a Tuesday evening with my parents, my bro, his girl and my fiance.  My fiance and I were the first to arrive.  The host told us he'd check on our table, and we were told a few times that it was being prepared.No worries, good sirs.  I'll just gape at your awesome decor, thank you very much.  And, gape, I did.  I mean, it just screams modern, chic and sexy.  Words can't describe how awesome it looks in there.  I saw exposed pipes, which had the speakers installed to the undersides, dark wood tables, comfy looking couches turned into booths, awesome lighting and even a fireplace along the wall by the bar area.Ok, so the decor won me over.  On to the food.My fiance and I started with the miso soup ($3) which tasted good and similar to miso we've had at other sushi joints.  No complaints there.  We sampled the spicy tuna maki ($6), spicy scallop maki ($7) and the crunch ($15), which was filled spicy crab, cucumber and avocado and topped with seared spicy tuna, eel sauce and tempura crunch.  If you're a fan of the heat, I recommend the spicy tuna and crunch.  They packed a powerful punch that had my mouth on fire (in a good way).  The spicy scallop was the least spicy of the trio and tasted great too.  The portions were a great size and perfect to share.For dessert, I sampled the pyramid (chocolate mousse  with molten caramel center; dusted with cocoa powder) and chocolate truffle (zabalone cream center surrounded by chocolate gelato and caramelized hazelnuts, topped with cocoa powder).  They were presented beautifully, tasted sweet and were a nice way to end the meal.  Seriously, don't skip out on them.  Sushi can't possibly have that many calories anyway so you can spare some on these decadent treats.Service wise, our waitress was wonderful and she was able to handle our large party well.  We also hung around to talk after my dad had settled the bill (thanks Pops!), and she checked up on us to make sure we didn't need any water.  We joked around with her telling her that she was kicking us out, which she claimed she wasn't.The only downsides were that the white chairs aren't the most comfortable for long periods of sitting. Try to claim a booth if you can!  And, the music was a tad too loud for me.  I like my eating and my dancing/clubbing separate.  But, in reality, those are very minor things compared to everything else.I enjoyed my experience at Shakou very much and definitely will be back when I'd like sushi for dine-in.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,11/11/2014,137,206,10,11,10>I love Yelp, but I REALLY love Yelp for introducing me to Hansa Coffee Roasters! Without it, I would have never known about this magical place tucked far away in Libertyville. It's right behind the tracks, next to the metra station, making it incredibly convenient for those who ride the train to and from the city. I am a big fan of coffee in general and recently started exploring random coffee shops around the city. The quality of coffee is as good if not better than any place I've tried and makes Starbucks taste like complete garbage. That says a lot because I used to drink Starbucks on a daily basis...Everything about this place is amazing - starting from the concept to the coffee itself. It's an auto shop turned coffee shop - such a brilliant idea! There's lots of space and they have open mic nights and other events during the evenings. The owner is very friendly and I love his passion and knowledge for what he does because it really shows. His focus is quality coffee, but they recently added on a couple of pastries and the cupcake was OUT OF THIS WORLD! There's no doubt in my mind that I'll be back soon... and I hear their lavender latte is incredible :)
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,11/10/2014,436,333,6,16,10>I'm giving this place 4 stars, with the hopes of bumping them up to 5.   I've only been once, but it is now my new favorite sushi place in the SW burbs.    A friend of mine sent me a message on FB telling me about this new place, and gave me a few rolls that were "must try".    At first, I thought this was the same place as Big Tuna/WOOW, just under a new name.  Alas, it is not!  They are just West of LaGrange, on 131st Street.I hit them up for a late lunch on a Saturday.   There was only one other person in the place.  Service was great, very attentive, but not overbearing.I got the Dancing Girl and Fallen Angel, per my friend's "you must try both" recommendation.   Both were amazing and I can't wait to go back to have them again.   They do an AYCE for around $21 that runs until 2:30.  I'm sure the menu is limited, but worth checking out.Great addition to the SW burbs!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,11/9/2014,646,300,11,15,11>When I first saw the coming soon structure of Mojo's in my hometown I was pleased to see someone finally taking over the old Kozmo's with a different theme. Then upon entering the door I read the sign "New Owners".My two cents before I talk about my meal. First and foremost this plaza is located in a dynamite location with businesses of 30 years as tenants. Take into consideration the plethora of residential condos and industrial facilities behind the plaza not to mention all the houses across the street. Plus you are located right off a major highway for easy access to visitors from other towns. Just what I mentioned in these short sentences is a strong intro formula to the best visual and word of mouth marketing.I understand Mojo's is new to the area and I do not know their background or following. I know what I ate I enjoyed in a comfortable atmosphere. Upon my inital visit I had no idea they closed early everyday roughly 2pm or 3pm. I strolled in about 2:45pm and the chairs were up so I made plans to visit again which bring me to today.I was in the mood for breakfast and the "egg on a roll" caught my eye. It is served on a baked amoroso roll which I loved! However I should have requested the bread to be toasted but now I know for next time (no harm, no foul). I also chose to have it served with sausage and the cashier informed me its a maple sausage link the size of an Italian sausage. I was like "You had me at maple brother!"....LOL!I did asked if they served any kind of potato side like a hashbrown, unfortuately they don't. The hand cut jersey shore fries were not ready at 9am so I only had the sandwich and coffee. My hopes for future visits the fries would be ready but who am I to judge they've only been open a few weeks and eventually protocol will change.From what I gather looking like a nosey rosie as I stalked their menu they are a cheesesteak and hoagie joint first. Believe me I will attack one or two of them lunch sandwiches in the near future, it ain't over yet.The restaurant's name reminds me of this scene from Austin Powers.youtube.com/watch?v=gEuw…
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,11/8/2014,273,603,14,16,16>Let's be honest. Katy's is the sort of place you drive up to and your husband hollers out: Heck no!  Well, maybe I toned that down a touch, but that's seriously what I heard as we pulled into the shopping center parking lot a short while ago. He asked a stranger sitting outside in front if he frequents Katy's and when he heard no, he was almost back in the car on his way home. We walked in and found a handful of tables, a lot of people slurping up noodles and some very friendly employees. I had checked out a few reviews a long time ago and added Katy's to the bookmark list.  When I knew we would be out in Westmont tonight, I knew I had to make my move. We snagged an available table and perused the menu. To my husband's delight, Katy's Dumpling House is more than just dumplings. He was immediately drawn to the noodle dishes. Side note: He thought I said we we're going to Katy's Duckling House so he was annoyed when he learned that it was actually Dumpling. Although for the life of me, I cannot figure out why he would want to eat at a Duckling House since he doesn't eat duck and if he didn't want to try dumplings, I would have been surprised that he was okay with ducklings. Do they even have duckling houses?  Quack?The pop is canned here and served at $1.50 per can. I'm still sipping on mine so it didn't go to waste. And this is a cash only joint, so come prepared. But let's talk about the food.Egg rolls. We ordered them and ate one of the two. Hubby said it was good, but not the star of the show. We've ruled that out for any future visits. Beef and scallion potstickers. Juicy!  As in right down the front of my shirt.  D'oh!  No sauce necessary. Quite tasty with a nice texture from both the meat filling and the outer dumpling. I will try this dish again and want to try some of the other fillings too!Scallion pancakes. Crispy, but a little greasy. I used to eat something similar as a kid at No. 1 Son in Elmhurst. I am still on the hunt for the replication of that dish, but they also serves their scallion pancakes with toppings which I could see trying in the future. Beef fried noodle. The rumors are true. These homemade noodles are absolutely to die for!!! That Heck No Guy I mentioned earlier was having a religious experience as he ate these noodles. The beef was cooked well, but not burnt or overly chewy. The noodles pushed the experience over the edge for us. We almost ordered more noodles to-go, but we have every intention of being back in Westmont soon. No need to over indulge on our first trip. Speaking of which, if the two of us had attempted to actually consume all of this food, we may have died. Death by bursting.  Make a note. Here's what I learned:Listen to the employee recommendations. They will not steer you wrong. Get the noodles. Just say yes to potstickers!Bring CASH!Come hungry. Don't over order. Don't judge a restaurant by its cover. And, even after all of the great things we've found due to Yelp, my husband needs to taste for himself before he's yelling: Yes, let's come back next Sunday!!!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/7/2014,1337,181,16,25,16>Le Chocolat du Bouchard is a great little cafe/chocolate shop in downtown Naperville. There are two different parts of the store. On one side, they have food cases where they sell pastries, chocolates, macarons (not macaroons, there's a difference people), tarts, cakes, whatever your little heart desires. On the other side, it's like a restaurant. A hostess will seat you and provide you with a menu where you can choose from a wide range of coffees, hot chocolates, shakes, malts, cakes, and pastries. The desserts are amazing. I wouldn't think of going anywhere else for a piece of chocolate cake, although you can expect to pay $10 at the very least for one slice. Being in the store/cafe feels like you're in Paris. They have great decor and cute little cafe-style tables. The service, however, was below average. The staff are younger. My best guess is that no one working there is over 25 years old, and they don't really understand good customer service. I've been in here multiple times where I was not acknowledged by one staff member and sometimes it has taken at least five minutes or more to be seated (given there are plenty of tables). The servers honestly think they're serving at a five start restaurant in Paris and come off pretty snooty like I'm wasting their time, or as if I don't belong there.Aside from the service, the store itself is great and you won't find desserts this good anywhere else. Just know that you gotta pay extra for 'good'. This place is not cheap.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/6/2014,2184,1339,30,45,44>Bigby's has finally come to Rolling Meadows! After months of anticipation, I'm happy to know the doors of Bigby's are open --- AND! It's the first bar in Rolling Meadows EVAAAAH! As a Rolling Meadows resident, I'm fearful I'm going to be here way more than I should but...it's just that good. I'm actually a bit hesitant writing this review because at this point I don't think many people know about this second Bigby's location and it's not too busy just yet. Stay away from my new favorite spot!!! ;) Many know the OG Bigby's in Addison as the holy grail for craft beer lovers in the 'Burbs. Not only does it have the best beer selection in all of Chicagoland but the atmosphere is so chill, they have fun board games and the people that all work there are great. Curious what the Rolling Meadows location would have in store, I stopped in last night to see how it compared to the original location. It's everything Addison is and more. At least in my mind and most of the 'and more' is probably because it's 15 minutes closer to home for me. Rolling Meadows Bigby's also seems a bit bigger to me. I don't know if it's because they are actually more tables (maybe a couple) or because 2 full walls are windows giving it a more airy & open feel. I was really happy that aside from the window walls, it still has that Bigby's decor I've come to love - wood everywhere, shelves of bottles, casual but clean beer lover's wonderland. I'm a dork because I thought one of the coolest things was the chalk in the bathroom! You best believe I made my mark.I was psyched to see Bourbon County Stout on tap! That 15% will knock you on your booty and is oh-so-delicious. I can always count on Bigby's to have new & exciting beers for me to try, as well as stocking classics some of my less adventurous friends love --- I'm looking at you Gumballhead, Dragon's Milk & Not Your Father's Root Beer. Bigby's stays on top of their updates on BeerMenus.com so if you're curious what they have on tap, take a gander. Right now, Bigby's is BYOF (Bring Your Own Food) and great news - Sushi Station is right next door! Order some carry out & bring it in to Bigby's to have with your beer. If fish blobs ain't your thang, no worries - there are TONS of food options in this area on the corner of Golf & Algonquin.In talking with the very attentive bartender last night, they have plans for food at this location eventually. That and also craft cocktails! He made sure to be clear that doesn't mean no jack n coke - no, no, the fancy shmancy concoctions though I'm sure they will still be down with the Bigby's twist. They don't have the pebble voting system yet but dude let us know that's just because they haven't gone through much liqs yet! Once they do, you will be able to place pebbles in which beers you'd like them to order. Gotta love the way they honor the wishes of their clientele.  Everything about Bigby's is friggin fantastic and I've already made plans to come back soon. When my homie CG told me about their plans to open up shop in my Rolling Meadows hood many months ago, I didn't believe it! Never could such a miraculous opening occur in my tame & tepid town. BUT ALAS! IT HAS COMETH!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,11/5/2014,65,171,5,10,9>Probably the best restaurant in Wheaton. We have never had a bad meal here. Most recently we had lunch out on the beautiful patio. I had the lobster mac and cheese which was glorious. Chunks of lobster, parmesan bread crumbs, creamy joy.The decor is old school and comfortable but formal. Like an old plantation home. The view from the upper level is lovely.From the fresh bread and herb butter to the baked brie and berries appetizer everything they make is heavenly. Also recommended are the deluxe grilled cheese and blue cheese crusted pork chops. Highly recommended.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,11/4/2014,31,287,4,9,6>An Asian buffet with Vietnamese food? Sign me up. After my first visit to Fusion Buffet, I ended up eating seven plates of food and both my stomach and wallet approved. The place is small but the quality of food is better than most of the buffets in the Chicagoland area in this price range. For dinner, they make pho, Hong Kong style ribeye steaks, and bun thit nuong to order. I ended up making several trips because it was so good. There was also plenty spring rolls and bahn mi sandwiches. Although there are mixed reviews, I'm writing from the viewpoint of someone with a big appetite. If you're like me and love buffets but prefer value over cost, then Fusion Buffet is a definite must try.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,11/3/2014,33,50,6,11,7>I'm teetering between a 3 or 4 star for 1913, but I decided to give them a 4 because of certain reasons.  First off, I will say this restaurant is definitely meant for couples, or very small groups of people.  There small plate are where it's at! Each one we tried was great! We got the lobster mac and cheese (phenomenal), braised pork shoulder, medallions, and meatball sliders all of which were great! But, we had 5 people with us so it was very limited with how much we could eat.  The small plates are pricy, so if you want to get your money's worth, I recommend only going with one other person.  Because there were 5 of us, we got a main dish as well which was ok, but not stellar like their small plates were.  I do not recommend the campenelle (chicken with vodka cream sauce). Plain and dry. I got the Champagne Risotto with pan seared scallops which was fairly good but not great.  Stick to the small plates.But, don't get me started with the salted caramel gelato.  A must try if you go here! It was amazing.  I was in heaven while eating it!Now, they've definitely got some service bugs to work out. This is why I would like to give them a 3 but their amazingly sweet and nice hostess makes up for that. She was awesome and made sure we were taken care of while we were waiting for our table.  Which leads me to my next complaint.  We waited for 40 min in the bar area for our table to ready.  Not a big deal with a brand new restaurant opening in pretty much a restaurant desert.  BUT, the bar area is half the size of the restaurant AND has plenty of large tables and the do not serve food at the bar.  Are you kidding me? I saw so many people walk out and go somewhere else when they were told they couldn't eat at the bar.  Figure that out and you'll get more business! And no Lynfred wine...really? I know they're sticking with the italian and french theme but you have an AMAZING winery right down the street and you're not going to utilize it. WHY?I hope they work their service out because this place has GREAT potential in this area.  The atmosphere is amazing (original hard wood floors, exposed brick)... beautiful, the food was delicious (the small plates at least)! But their service could really turn people away.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,11/2/2014,103,126,1,5,4>We use All for Dogs, LLC for our dog walking services while my husband and I are both at work, or while he travels! It's been about 8 months and we have had a fantastic experience with them. They are extremely accommodating, flexible, and so sweet with our dog :) Our normal dog walker, Katie, always leaves very thorough notes in our dog notebook about each visit, and it's nice that they take the time to do that, plus it's fun to read! We use "standard visits," which are 25-30 mins and cost $15, which I find very reasonable. However, you can choose to do shorter or longer appointments as well, as they do offer other services than dog-walking. The AFD website is user-friendly and you can make, adjust, and cancel appointments online. If you need a last-minute appointment within 24 hours, you can always call and leave a message, and they are prompt about getting back to you. Colleen, who I dealt with while setting up our account, was very professional and sweet. They have customer service down to a science here!As for payment, you can put a credit card on file and it deducts automatically. They may have other payment options, but this one works with us so I stick with it! Will continue to use AFD for as long as I can! Thanks!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,11/1/2014,200,204,4,6,5>OMG Hamachi Kama time!!  If you've read any of my older reviews you may know that I regard hamachi kama(broiled yellowtail collar) very highly as far as sushi/izakaya restaurant apps go.  If you have not read any of my older reviews, I LOVE HAMACHI KAMA.  So...I saw it here on the menu and had to get it.  It was perfect.  It was bigger than the plate it came on.  It was bigger than any piece of hamachi kama I've ever seen personally.  And it's only $7.  The best part about it was that there were two distinct halves to the collar, the buttery softer half of the fish collar and the crispier more firm half.  This makes it the perfect collar for me and my wife since she likes the crispy half, and I prefer the butterier half.  That is so totally a word.  Having hamachi kama here makes me extremely happy.  The reason being, I am usually searching for it in the city, and Arlington Heights is mucho closer and preferable to driving to Chicago for a piece of fish.  Not that I haven't or won't do that but it's nice to know it's a short-er drive away.  I also love that Nikko closes at midnight.  A late night suburban sushi place with hamachi kama?  Man, that's like finding an intelligent woman who looks great in heels, likes fantasy football, loves watching sports most importantly hockey,football and combat sports, knows how to drive a manual car, and smells good.  Oh wait, I did that already :pThe other great thing about Nikko is that with anything you order, be it a single measly sushi roll or the giant plate of BBQ short ribs, you will receive some complimentary goodies; miso soup, a teeny taster salad, a couple pieces of a fried roll,(I just can't remember which one it is), ice cream and banchan, usually broccoli crab salad, kim chi(you might have to ask specifically for it) and some lightly pickled cukes.  If you're even more lucky, they will give you the egg bake, a deliciously light albeit very hot(temperature hot) cast iron dish full of eggy goodness along with some Korean red chili pepper and green onions.  When it comes to the table, it looks like one of those science fair volcanos made of vinegar and baking soda, sorta...But tastes much better.  Just give it a little time to cool down before you dig in.  Or at least blow on it some. We've been here more than a couple of times and so far my favorite things are the Hamachi kama., the grilled saba(mackerel), the BBQ beef plate, those cucumbers, the egg bake, the Jab Chae(noodles) and the Steve roll. The space isn't very large, but we've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes or so for seating.  The staff are very friendly, all welcoming customers as they walk in.  The service can sometimes be spotty depending on who is taking care of you, but for the most part, most of the servers are very attentive and will try to keep the waters topped and the dishes cleared as you devour you way through the menu.  So come on down to Nikko and don't burn your tongue on the egg bake!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,10/31/2014,106,272,4,5,3>So whenever I come here I just eat like a big fatty.Get the coconut curry soup...you'll want it fed to you intravenously from now on.Love the potstickers...and you get a free order of them when you check in with your Yelp app!Crispy fish and chicken tacos? YUM!Tiger shrimp tacos? YUM AND PREPARE TO BREATHE FIREYep...usually all in one sitting.Also be on the lookout for their Taco Time. You have to follow them in Twitter or Facebook in order to see when the next one is. Taco Time is one hour where all tacos are $1 each...trust me...that's a heavenly deal.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,10/30/2014,45,184,3,4,3>I ordered the special which was Chicken Parm. The bread was soft and the Chicken Parm was tasty. The sauce and cheese were on par with what I was expecting. I took advantage of the Yelp promotion which was $5 for $10 worth of grub. They also have a free cinnamon stick offer with check in. I will take advantage of that offer next time I come back. I also want to try their pizza because it looked really good when I saw it at another table that ordered it. The owner is also here 7 days a week and it's good to see young entrepreneurship at its best.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,10/29/2014,50,88,4,4,5>Enjoyed a mommy's night out with a girlfriend here. The food was delicious! The waitress talked up the baklava so we decided to try it out. Sadly, they ran out by the time we finished our dinner. Boo.The atmosphere is really nice and fitting with the rest of downtown Geneva. I believe there are three floors total and there was a fun crowd that night. I believe there were a couple of bacheolerettes going on. There was also a great cover band that really engaged the crowd. Will definitely go back.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/26/2014,10/28/2014,187,236,6,9,6>It was a beautiful day in Arlington Heights today and froyo was on our minds after eating dinner at a local restaurant. There were a lot of different options for froyo flavors, but I was sad to see there was no peanut butter! I instead opted for the vanilla and chocolate-flavored custard, which tasted quite good. I only wish there had been a few "normal" froyo flavors because I came for frozen yogurt, not frozen custard. There were a bunch of toppings options, but they looked a little depleted by 7 when we dropped by. I wished that there had been mochi as an option, but that's just me being picky. The blueberries I chose to add on too were fresh and not wilted at all. Delish! We chose not to dine in, but it looked like a great- cute, trendy green chairs, and plenty of seating from which to choose. I recall that the flavors change periodically, so I would most certainly return!For those interested, I saw a sign that said it was possible to host a birthday party here and it sounds like a great location! The store is close to lots of other places in downtown Arlington Heights and the space/layout of the place could house plenty of froyo-hungry kids.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,10/27/2014,180,52,6,11,12>Love love love this place! This is my go to place for breakfast and so far, has not disappointed me. Been here 3 times already, with the hubby and the rest of the family. I always make it a point to come here before 8am because it gets packed pretty quickly esp on weekends.Great food! They have ample portion sizes and unique menu items. Can't go wrong with their egg dishes and skillets-I esp love the Rutherford omelette and butcher's block skillet. They both come with hash browns and toast or pancake. I usually upgrade it to their special pancakes (only $1 more). My personal favorite is the signature berry bliss. Not a fan of tiramisu or the oreo pancakes though. Great coffee as well! If I live closer, I would definitely buy my daily coffee fix from them. Forget Starbucks.As for service, I have no complaints. Very friendly and very efficient staff. They try their best to cater to what the customer wants. Really, can't complain. Overall, definitely recommend even if you're not a breakfast person!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/26/2014,261,335,6,11,9>After weathering decades of abuse and frustration from me, the pedestal lamp on my piano expired. It was limp, it wouldn't light, it was spent, it could do no more. Curses!Now what? Lamps & Shades is what. This is a little known spot, in an unobtrusive place, where the huddled masses go after their shades are burned and dusty, their filials are bent, and their specialty light bulbs cannot be found anywhere on the planet.Yes, it will cost you but you will find what you are searching for and if they do not have it, they know how to get it. The sales staff is personable and very hands on. I found my replacement lamp for the piano; we became immediate friends.If you stop in, prepare to be amazed at the assortment of lamp shades that actually have character to them. They have lamps of all sizes; from pretty to distinguished. And because of their ultra specialization to the God of lamp fixtures, they get the ultimate rating from me, even though my checkbook would give them four. A great spot to know about!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/25/2014,615,115,5,11,7>Hands down.. Best pedicure I've ever had! The massage was the perfect long amount of time!! Omg I almost fell asleep it was so amazing! I like the fact that even though they are extremely crowded (because their amazing) they still take their time! I hate places that short you on the massage portion and I hope they don't turn into that type if place. Never change. =))Their prices are great and are the same as any other place you would walk-in in the area. However, this place is just a better, clean, chic feeling inside. Chloe, the owner decorated the place and it is super cute inside! The manicures are perfectly polished. They pay attention to detail. I do suggest calling ahead before you come or on your way because you may have to wait. Yes...their that good!! It's worth the wait.. I promise!*Enjoy*
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2014,10/24/2014,124,515,11,9,9>I can not believe good thai is hiding in a strip mall in Carol Stream. I mean seriously, when I think of good food or area restaurants, Carol Stream is really not my go-to city. Until now! This place is adorable! It's a nicely decorated, clean, cozy place nestled in a strip mall with Piggly Wiggly and Dairy Queen. I didn't even know there were PW stores in Illinois. Guess that's another Carol Stream secret. We found it by searching the app for restaurants in close proximity to Costco because it was close to 9p and we were not traveling far during severe thunderstorms for food. We pulled in the lot and walked in and it was a ghost town. A waiter appeared to be dozing off.  And here I thought I was the only person who is tranced by the sound of rain. We wondered if the food would be that bad. But we sat and ordered anyway and are glad we did! It was 8:40p so we ordered quickly. I went traditional with Chicken Pad Thai and he had a coconut dish. He asked for beef but received chicken too (chuckles). Despite the mix up, it was great. Both were flavorful, saucy and the portions were generous. Our server, Tony was personable and attentive. He checked on us often and offered information about delivery and lunch specials. We were treated like we were the only ones in the room (and we were but it still felt nice!).We will definitely circle back. Only next time, we can only hope to receive what we ordered. :-)
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,10/23/2014,65,392,4,8,5>Still one of the shining stars in the dining scene here in St. Charles. The Pizza del giorno was the Spinacchi (no idea if that's how it's spelled). Spinach, speck, artichoke hearts, mozzarella, Gorgonzola. Excellent! Split a Caesar salad, enjoyed the warmth of the pizza oven. Service was impeccable! I still think the pizza's too thin in the middle, but man, oh man, that crust is PERFECT when you get out to the edge.If you haven't been here in a while, it's time to check it out again.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,10/22/2014,71,103,4,4,3>So nice to find a great barbershop like Punch. Just moved to the area and left an awesome barber. Fabio made me feel right at home and did a great job. Great cut, great service and the shop looks great too! Looking forward to many great haircuts to come. :)
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,10/21/2014,16,94,4,6,4>Absolutely fantastic!Visited Hugo's in the casino last night with my wife and a couple of neighbors and was absolutely blown away.  Food, service, ambiance...it was all top notch!This was my first time at the casino so we actually took a leisurely tour around the place and had a drink at the center bar.  The casino is well thought out, very clean and easy to navigate.  Staff seemed relatively friendly and more than accommodating...everything just seemed a "step up" from the riverboat casinos I've been to and this was also way easier to get to.We were seated in a big comfortable booth inside Hugo's and started with a great bottle of wine that the sommelier (spelling?) suggested as well as a couple of appetizers.  The wine was velvety smooth and the appetizers (crab and calamari) were both super fresh and perfectly done.  I believe my exact response to the wine was...this wine is *!@%$#^ awesome!For dinner I had the bone-in ribeye and we split a bunch of side dishes for the table, including crawfish mac & cheese (could have been a meal in itself), hash browns, brussel sprouts (I know what you're thinking but they were phenomenal) and grilled asparagus.  Honestly, I didn't even make it to the asparagus b/c I was already loosening the belt at that point but all were excellent.  My ribeye came in a bit on the rare side for me but they took it right back and were more than accommodating in fixing the issue.   The steak was just as advertised and I gobbled up the entire thing!Almost forgot...desserts are to die for!  We had some sort of blueberry pie ice cream thing and it was divine.Hugo's is pricey but its an unbelievable place for a night out with friends that like to have a good time...this is not a quiet romantic spot to take your honey.  And if you like to hit the slots or the tables a little bit after or before dinner you couldn't ask for a better set up than the one in River's.Great job guys!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,10/20/2014,29,80,5,6,5>What attracted me most about Sal's Pizza Pub, apart from my wife suggesting it, was the prevalence of four-star reviews. Does anyone give it five or three stars? Such a small variance suggests a place that hides nothing, assumes no false airs, and has so much salt-of-the-earth to it that you'd swear you were at the ocean.On a beautiful Friday, reminiscent of trips to the ocean while we lived on the east coast, my wife and infant joined me for lunch at Sal's. With our little one, late-night rollicking is a memory. Too bad; I'm a big fan of karaoke.With an option to order at the register or at our table, we went for the restaurant treatment. The number of take-out orders during our stay confirmed Sal's decision to make the offer. If a place can be trashy without being dumpy, Sal's might be it. There are many non-matching TVs around the place. The carpet looks as if many a gallon of beer has been absorbed into its fibers, yet the upholstery in the booths are not in need of duct tape. And, for some reason, the place is devoid of women during the day. For most of our meal, my wife was the only XX'er there.Oh yes, the meal. Pretty dang good, I must say. We split a buffalo chicken sandwich and a "sloppy Jose." I can't say that the chicken sandwich is that different than other sandwiches of that ilk, but the quality of the ingredients were good, as was the balance. The chicken could've been a little thicker, I suppose.The sloppy Jose was my preferred sandwich. With two types of cheese and jalapeno slices, the sandwich had a nice kick that wasn't too powerful. Even my wife, who cringes at the thought of another Manwich, liked the taco meat in its place. The bun was a bit stale, but not too much to ding the review. Ordinary fries, rings and other sides completed our meal. Nothing special, but it was nice to get two sides with each sandwich. Every town should have a place like this. Many channels on many TVs, but local station WGN got the one audio track. The server wore an untucked T-shirt and jeans, but you wouldn't expect anything else here. Sal's is exactly what you think it will be, and that's a good thing. I think I'll enjoy coming here one evening, as soon as we trust a babysitter enough.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/19/2014,60,307,5,8,8>If we lived closer we'd be here more often supporting our friends, Mike and Georgette Luttrell. They have better, fresher quality of food items than any other place I've ever been to.We eat out at a lot of different pub grubs so trust me when I say, they have the best tasting appetizers, sandwiches and wraps on any menu that I've tried. I'm sure their burgers and salads are amazing too; but, I don't eat those here. There are too many other items on their menu that are unique and more interesting.My favorites are the mac'n'cheese poppers and adult grilled cheese. Oh. My. Gosh. The BEST GRILLED CHEESE I've ever eaten! Maybe it's a good thing we don't come often. I'd probably develop an intolerance to cheese.If you live in the area, don't let the name fool you. They're kitchen staff is like a well oiled machine. The staff and owners will not let you down!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,10/18/2014,68,127,1,9,6>My husband and I stopped by this past Friday night for dinner.  We were greeted by Angelo, the owner.  He was incredibly friendly and let us try a few things before we ordered.  He's the kind of guy you want opening a business in your town.  They have a "ready-to-go" bar of a good number of delicious Greek food like mousaka or pastitsio- they change daily and they're all home made (we tasted the beef - it was amazing!)  They also have a "Greek" menu and a "Chicago" menu to order from.  The Greek menu has things like souvlaki and gyros while the Chicago menu has hot dogs and italian beef.  My husband ordered a gyros sandwich and I had the char-broiled chicken on a pita - and we both had their hand-cut fries.  Both sandwiches were filled to the brim and were delicious! Something that stood out to us was that the owner checked both of our orders in front of us to make sure we got everything we ordered, the way we ordered it - nothing more annoying than getting home to find out they forgot something.We're looking forward to coming back and trying more of their delicious Greek dishes.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/17/2014,63,74,14,8,8>In my life there are only two things that can make me swear involuntarily while I'm doing them. You can guess the first. The second is great transcendent food.I've had the salt pork as well as the miso Ramen soup here before and both were excellent. But while eating THE spicy miso Ramen soup today, I found myself involuntarily cursing under my breath. "Fuck yeah!" and "Jesus fuck!" (apologies to tender readers, but if you don't know that I curse a lot in my reviews by now, well I guess now you know).Maybe it was because I was alone eating in a busy loud food court where no one cared or would notice my insane mumblings. Maybe it was because I'd just finished a 7 mile loop through Ned Brown Forest Preserve and was in a degree of physical pain, to which the perfect spicy umami rich broth was delivering healing endorphins.Whatever it was that soup was damn good today! The Ramen noodles were cooked perfectly tender but not too tender. The sliced pork was both meaty and ultra fatty. However, that fat had been cooked so long in that delicious broth, that it fell apart in my mouth and had essentially turned into a spicy porky gelatin.And oh, by the way, the first thing that makes me swear involuntarily while I'm doing it, is...video games like Call of Duty.Which reminds me that there are actually three things that make me swear involuntarily while I'm doing them. But that's for another review.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,10/16/2014,239,635,15,18,17>My first visit, of many, I hope.Yes, the beef brisket was extremely tender and juicy.  My husband had a side of beans and totally enjoyed them, I had the bacon potato salad and it was tasty.  I liked that I could try every type of sauce on my sandwich to find my favorite.  They are all on the tables.If this is your first visit, you enter kind of in the center and then proceed to the right wall and place your order.  You move down the line, kind of cafeteria style, and then check out.  Trays are very small and cannot hold food and drink orders for more than one person, but they do not give you 2 trays.Just a few things that prevent it from being a 5 star review.  I guess, depending on time of day you visit, they may be out of your meat selection.  We had a brief wait for the brisket and, as we were leaving, someone was told to return in 20 minutes for whatever they had ordered.  The warm sides need to be just that, warm.  They offer free mini ice cream cones for dessert, but beware, ALL kids, unattended, run to the machine, attempt to grab a cone, they are mostly too short to reach the top to get a cone, and then hang out at the machine eating the ice cream.  One young man nearly knocked me into next week and his father did not see the need for an "excuse me" of a "pardon me" soooooooooooooo typical.  There has to be a better system so that all customers have equal access to the machine and a clear path to get past.  Last, but not least, the ribs, which we were assured were fall off the bone, were anything but.  We bought a half slab to take home and I am several thousand years past fighting a bone for its meat.  Very tough, beware.Instead of chairs at the window counter they have saddles.  Kids love them, adults, not so much.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/15/2014,79,174,6,6,4>When I learned that my beloved Moondance Diner was closed, I was devastated. I called my favorite brunching partner (my momma) to break the news, and she took it much better than I did. "Ame... That place had gotten a little shabby.""But the food!""Food was great, but the booths had holes.""They did?""And it was dusty. And the paint was chipping. And tired."Soooo I guess I had sort of turned my head from the fact that Moondance had become kind of a dump, but alas. When I learned Citrus opened, I was pensive. What if it sucked? What if their "organic spin" on Moondance's menu was unsatisfactory? WHAT IF THEY HAD PAINTED THE TIRED PAINT AN UGLY COLOR?! Listen, I get attached.So last weekend, my mom and I ventured in to try it. The place was so fresh, clean, and inviting! Bright white walls with a predictably citrus colored theme of bright orange, yellow, etc. Much of the staff have remained the same, and thank goodness - because they're great. A quick peek at the menu revealed that nothing awesome had changed - all that delicious food was the same. They've added a few fun things - like organic coffee, that I didn't try but will next time, and a fresh-squeezing orange juice machine, which I didn't try because I'm 30 now and everything delicious and wonderful gives me heartburn. Ah, to get old.I got my old MD favorite - the calypso omelet, breakfast potatoes with cheese, and an English muffin. Food was fresh, fast, and delish. Still chock full of fresh avocado slices, covered in enticing melty cheese, and completely delicious. My mom got the calypso as well and was completely happy with her order. Husband got the bacon waffle and thought it was dry, but the man refuses to use syrup and is also extraordinarily crabby before noon, so I'm chalking that up to his preference, not their quality.The new owner (I think, she was hostessing and running around and being generally bubbly and in-charge-y) was lovely, effervescent, and polite to everyone. All in all, Citrus has stripped away the tired aura that Moondance Diner had lingering about it, without removing all the things that had made it a Hinsdale area staple for so long. Can't wait to go back and enjoy my old favorites in a new atmosphere.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/14/2014,17,96,3,5,7>It's right near the Illinois Prairie path! perfect location to stop by while walking your dog. Super cute store! Philosophy is so simple and it totally makes sense--no corn, wheat, soy or fillers.  We bought some yummy treats for our neighbor's dog.  Baked goods that look so pretty...a great idea for dog's birthday!  Of course it is not just for pet special occasions ...  every day dog food is priced competitively!  Refrigerated section carries a wide selection.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/13/2014,11,205,8,6,6>(Disclaimer: this review is by a white, middle-aged mom with little-to-no experience with Japanese food. Look elsewhere to read all the (largely 5-star) reviews about the quality of the produce, authenticity of the food court, etc. This one is strictly a dilettante's POV.)I have a catbus-sized grin thinking about my inaugural visit here. This place has been on my radar for a while, but I'd never gone. Made an afternoon of it a few weekends ago, and had the -best- time.Clearly, a very different cuisine employs very different ingredients, the discovery of which is great fun. A full-case display of octopus tentacles is not something you'll see in your local Jewel. New kinds and flavors of snacks, desserts, tea... and the cost of trying something 100% unfamiliar is just the price of a bag of (seaweed-flavored) chips: big adventure, small tab. Plus, Japanese packaging is just far superior in every way, and of this, I am a *big* fan. Favorites I came home with included itty-bitty little chocolate-filled cookies for the kids and yuzu-flavored jellies, unusually nice toothpicks (I know, I'm a dork), and Pocky (duh). Oh, and Hello Kitty "soda" (ingredients: water, high fructose corn syrup, citric acid. The end.) The green tea ice cream from Re-leaf in the food court was also fantastic, but not bring-home-able. And the apple pastry from Pastry House Hippo didn't technically make it all the way home.There's a fabulous bookstore in the building, too. I have an origami nut in my family. I know where her next birthday present is coming from.Parting advice to other foreigners like me: consider visiting on a weekday when it's not so busy, and for the sake of politeness, stay out of the way of anyone doing their "real" shopping here.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,10/12/2014,14,102,4,4,4>I came in the other night with a buddy to grab some grub & watch some of the Blackhawks game.  The reviews of this place made me curious to stop in since I've driven by so many times but didn't really notice Danny's was there.  We sat at the bar & had great service.  After we ordered, the bartender brought out a nice warm loaf of sliced bread to munch on while we waited & it was fantastic.  We went with a 16" sausage pie & it was really good.  The sausage had a good flavor & seemed lighter than most sausage pizza's I've had.  The thin crust reminded me of Lou's, but the taste & overall execution was better.  We had the chocolate chip cookie dessert also which came in a small circular tin, I thought the cookie would take up the entire bottom of the tin but there was more ice cream & whipped cream in there than cookie which was the only minor disappointment of my visit.  This is a nice, quiet little spot with good service & tasty pizza, definitely worth stopping in!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,10/11/2014,49,309,3,7,5>Well, that was fun.We went today to celebrate our friend's birthday as a group of 7. I called ahead when making the reservation online to get a promo code because it was our first time at the place. We saved $5 each. It's BYOB/BYOW, so we planned accordingly. Glasses are there for you and all the rest of your necessities are there. They even had plates and utensils. We brought the snacks as well and there are special tables to get up and eat/mingle during drying times, etc.The teaching artist was great, too. She was helpful and chill and we were cool with that. Definitely a fun activity for girlfriends to chitchat, especially in a small group like ours. I would do it again for sure!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/10/2014,53,47,11,12,11>Stacie Cakes cupcakes are decorated beautifully.  The cupcakes sit pretty on silver pedestals in a glass case with chalkboard signs listing the flavor varieties available that day.  My favorite is the Salted Caramel cupcake - It is a moist chocolate cake piled high with melt-in-your mouth buttery caramel icing drizzled with caramel.  Get ready for a blissful sugar high!ENVIRONMENT:The environment is stylish with plenty of tables to sit and relax.  There is a hallway that runs along the kitchen wall with windows that let you peak in on the action. (Cool!) The day I visited they were making giant chocolate dipped marshmallows on a stick. (Drool!!!)CUPCAKE VARIETIES:I was a little disappointed to see that almost all the cupcakes had chocolate bases.  There was only one vanilla cupcake base (with plain vanilla frosting) and one carrot cake.  The rest were chocolate cupcakes with many different icings, thus equalling a new variety.   Some of the icings (i.e. peppermint patty, peanut butter) were tasty but grainy. CUSTOMER SERVICE:This was my first visit to the store with my sister, who is a regular. Our server was neutrally pleasant, so I have no complaints.  My sister mentioned we were lucky to get the lady and that was the best service she ever received there.  (Huh?!)  She says that there is usually a high school girl who acts way too sour to be selling sweets. (Ah teenage angst - maybe you should eat a cupcake!)
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,10/9/2014,144,165,6,8,8>As a famous writer puts it, the 'burbs are a lot cooler than they get credit for. Well, the numerous forest preserves are the coolest thing about the 'burbs, if you ask me.Mallard Lake Preserve is simply beautiful. In the summer months, we usually come here close to sunset time. Recently we spotted two deer (or the same deer twice) on two evenings less than a week apart. Keep your eyes peeled when driving (or biking) on the long driveway between the Schick Road entrance and the parking lot. One of the deer seemed to have an affinity for rock & roll music, just fyi.The gravel trail that loops around the lake is relatively short with a couple of cool bridges over the lake. The gravel path leading away from the loop will take you past a short bridge over a creek and eventually get you to a playground in Heritage Park. The gravel path along the creek will take you to a wooded trail through a less-travelled tiny peninsula. The only downside of this preserve is the noise from a seemingly constant stream of low flying jets to and from O'Hare 25 miles away.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,10/8/2014,34,30,9,6,7>Ok so I almost drove off the bridge in downtown Aurora as I was breaking my neck to make sure what I had just seen wasn't a mirage..... What?! Taco Grill and Salsa bar this close to my home? Is this real life??!!Anyway on to the Carne Asada burrito. Omfg. Soooo good! Al Pastor tacos? Soooo good!... Next on my list is to try the guacamole... You see this is not my first run in with the ole Taco Bar. They have a location in Westmont that I would on occasion drive 20 minutes in the wrong direction to just because I had to have this ginormous burrito filled with real steak. I'd say Los burritos gives them a run for the money but I'd still venture to say Taco Bar may not only be the best burrito in Aurora, which is a task in of itself, but maybe the best Suburban Burrito in the Chi Town Burbs. It will run you about $9 for the grande big daddy mack burrito, but it is so worth it! They aren't kidding about the word grande, I mean this thing is serious. After I was full it was still the length of my forearm from wrist to elbow, not easy to get a selfie of that, I tried. Lol.Last but not least is the Salsa bar. You'll see by my photos I'm a sissy when it comes to xxxhot salsa, but they have like 20 of them, careful. You just dish out your own. It's pretty cool.The people are awesome too! The girl at the front was so cute and fun, I think she could tell how excited I was and thought "Why is this weirdo asking me like 1000 questions?". Hahaha. The owner also came out and asked if everything was good to the couple of tables that were filled. Oh btw, pretty decent amount of seating. Which you wouldn't guess from the storefront. Just give it a shot, if you're disappointed I'll buy you a burrito from anywhere you choose, that's how much i like this place!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,10/7/2014,31,16,2,9,6>I stopped by during Cali Girl's Grand Opening weekend and I was very impressed. This was less than a week ago and since then I've been trying daily to convince myself that bi-weekly visits to the pastry shop are not a healthy idea. The shop decor is lovely and inviting and the staff is very helpful.  They have completely nailed both atmosphere and service right out of the box.  As excellent as Cali Girl is at these two important things, the absolute most compelling reason why I'm going to be a regular patron at Cali Girl is their fantastic baked goods.  I bought a variety of treats and there was not one that wasn't excellent.The chocolate croissant was buttery, flaky and had a really nice amount of high quality chocolate.  The cookie topped with chocolate buttons and mini pretzels was my husband's favorite with crispy edges, beautifully gooey in the center, and with the perfect amount of salt to keep things interesting.  We also got two different bar cookies. One was a frosted brownie with a thick, fudgy layer of delicious frosting covering a dense, chewy brownie.  The other was a millionaire's shortbread with a pecan shortbread base, topped with a soft, handmade caramel and a layer of dark chocolate ganache.We also got four cupcakes, the names of which are escaping me, but I remember the flavors very well.  The first was a red velvet frosted with a silky cream cheese and a gold-dusted star. The second was a cream-filled dark chocolate topped with a satiny chocolate ganache.  The third was a fresh strawberry decorated with a molded white chocolate strawberry.  The fourth (my favorite) was a fresh blueberry with a lemon buttercream decorated with a handpainted chocolate surfboard.Everything they serve is so well thought out and flawlessly executed with meticulous attention to detail.  It's clear that they use only the freshest, best ingredients and their prices are quite reasonable.  They also make beautiful cakes of all sizes and shapes that I'm looking forward to ordering at some future date.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,10/6/2014,78,342,2,7,5>I am a sucker for a good bakery, and this one came highly recommended.  I came here with a co-worker when we were in the same area and wanted to grab a quick bite.  This place doesn't look like much from the outside, and even when you initially walk in I wondered how this was going to be.  I saw a lot of older people, not really much in the way of decor - I was thinking that this was going to be a senior special kind of place.  However, our friendly waitress sat us by a window that had a great view of the river.  I was happy to see that they had both daily specials as well as a list of monthly specials to choose from.  I went with a Ruben sandwich.  The food was pretty good and I'd come here again to eat.  Being a fantastic bakery, we had to order a couple of things for dessert.  We went with a french lace cookie and a strawberry and cheese pastry.  Both were fantastic and I'd come back here for those baked goods again and again.  Waitress was very friendly, made good suggestions and service was quick.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,10/5/2014,61,251,1,5,7>Yummy! I just came here for a girlfriends birthday lunch. Quick service and good food!  I ordered a one egg scrambled (had to pay $1 extra for cheese..) that came with pancakes and hash browns for $4.99 (plus my $1)...not to shabby! McDonalds is probably right around that price as well!  My girlfriend ordered a made to order omelet which she enjoyed as well!Good service! Our waitress was friendly and on point.  I came in with my daughter and the manager/owner came up to me and said I could leave my stroller up front if I wanted to and they would bring it to me when I was ready to leave!  Staff members are friendly and were all coming up to my baby girl to show some love :) Definitely am putting this place on our list of breakfast food places!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,10/4/2014,72,386,2,4,3>Quick, efficient, and economical. What more could you ask for at a car wash? This isn't Platinum car wash but you know what, it's darn near close and the price is more attractive if you ask me. Typically you can get a deal on the pricier washes so don't be afraid to ask what the deals of the day are here. The staff is helpful and attentive and knows their product and what will be best for your car. It's usually pretty full but they pound cars out like nobody's business so you usually can be through the wash in under 10 minutes and then shimmy over to vacuum out your interior which might I add is no charge with a car wash. Why not take advantage of that while you're there?
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,10/3/2014,129,200,8,6,8>"franks & beans, franks & beans!"-Warren (There's Something About Mary)Portillo's has plenty of franks, and even a few beans, in the form of their chili cheese dog.  It's a Chicago specialty, just as In-N-Out Burger is a California/West coast gig, and Skyline a Cincinnati-deal.  Usually partnered with a Barnelli's Pasta + Sandwiches, any Portillo's in the greater metro area will ALWAYS have a stack of cars in the drive-thru, doesn't matter what time of day.  It can be 10:30-11am, people are lining up for an Italian beef or double Chi-style red hot.  Crazy people are crazy.The crinkle-cut fries are excellent, nice and salty.  The 'dogs are priced reasonably, and like many have already commented, the chocolate cake is to-die-for.  Most locations have a beer and wine station (although I didn't notice if this one did).  I was leaning towards a solid 4-star, but as I sat and devoured my red hot with extra sport peppers, I heard something that gives Portillo's that extra boost.When your order is called, instead of simply saying "number one-twenty-five" or shouting your name, as many Mcdonalds do nowadays, the designated announcer has a catchy rhyme that goes with your order number.  Per example: "order #127, welcome to hot dog heaven", "order #129, your lunch looks devine", or my personal favorite "order #126, come gitcho' Portillo's fix!"  Every time a customer picked up their food, they were smiling, a few even laughing.  I couldn't help but smile and laugh too; something so small having an equally-pleasant impact on dozens of people during their lunch hour.  Hell, it made my day.  Now THAT'S certainly worthy of an extra star.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,10/2/2014,89,150,4,5,5>Holy spice alert!  Watch out for the Chicken 65 and Aloo 65 (potato/veg version) if you are a newbie!  I suggested this to a friend who was new to Indian cuisine and both of our mouths were on fire!!  Kind of a little dry too.Loved the big samosas and the chutneys on the side!  That was delish.  Overall the prices are reasonable and service is friendly.  There are about 10 tables and it does get busy at lunch time.  Definitely recommend placing your order 15-20 minutes ahead of time for pick-up or dine-in so it is ready when you arrive!Minus one star for not having naan on the menu!  They have this other thin kind of tortilla like bread. Not as good as naan.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,10/1/2014,255,326,7,14,13>Watching two silent films with live organ accompaniment at the Des Plaines Theatre was the highlight of my summer. There is nothing quite like seeing and hearing a movie from that era as its filmmakers intended, in a building constructed specifically for the purpose. Visitors will discover that there's something special about standing in the glow of an art deco marquee as the sun sets on a clear night, though the theater as a whole exemplifies vintage charm, both inside and out. In addition to movies, you can catch live music here or even rent it for an event (recently it has hosted a spelling bee and a birthday party). Unlike a chain multiplex, the Des Plaines Theater is in many ways a partner in its community. This week, for example, they're showing a free Christmas movie for families following the Des Plaines tree-lighting ceremony. Check the calendar on the web site to see the latest goings-on and events.Parking is free and easy, with both a parking garage and options for street parking just steps from the door. You can also find the Metra right across the street, as well as bike racks.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,9/30/2014,100,127,6,7,7>I have tried nearly everything that I've seen in the display case since De Etta's opened for business at their 5th St location. I've yet to find anything that I didn't love. From their scones to their croissants to their De Etta Delight bars to their brownies... Their Key Lime is the best I've had outside of Key West. If my kids ask where I got a sweet treat and I say "the bakery", they know exactly where I bought it. Even my 3 yr old. ;)
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,9/29/2014,172,128,4,4,6>Who craves cookies? Seriously? Apparently I do. But at least I found a fix: La Petite Sweet!My cookie addiction was so bad that I had to buy 2 of every cookie sold just so I could try them all. They are perfectly crunchy (LOVED THE SNICKERDOODLES) and went amazing with the cappuccino I ordered.There is a decent sized cafe menu and plenty of place to sit to relax, read and eat sweets! If I have to make a habit of sitting and eating cookies in a bakery, at least I've found my spot!I hope this place continues to do well because there are so few places to get a decent coffee and cookies at. Next date will be here!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,9/28/2014,144,184,6,6,7>Who's going to have arms of steel?  Buns of steel---and be able to wear short-shorts?This chick right here!!!!!  So glad that a group of girlfriends and I decided to purchase a groupon to try out the snapshot classes here.  Basically the snapshot classes are a full class that gives you a taste of whichever style of class you decide to take.  I've since used up my snapshots and I'm enrolled in aerial hammocks, pole, and hula hoops!  No I'm not an overachiever---really---I just kept going and haven't looked back.  I've been taking classes now and have completed my first 4 week session and have already seen a huge difference in my strength as well as the way my clothes are fitting.I've tried out some of the other non-4 week session classes and let me tell you---they were uber amazing-----you know it's good when your eyeballs sweat, you're thighs scream and your arms are singing!!!!For the instructors that I have encountered thus far, they have all been very encouraging and have a positive energy about them--and they all know their stuff!!!  The studio is clean, ample parking in the lot, and they have pretty decent times for classes.  They also have special workshops every now and then with special guest instructors and do private parties as well.  I could see this being great for a ladies night or doing a hoops party for kiddies (I only mention that because I will be partaking in that for my kiddies soon).I'm enjoying my fitness adventures! Thanks RGF!!!!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/27/2014,49,88,4,4,5>This place is the real deal! My wife couldn't wait until they opened their doors this season and with the luck of the weather allowed them to open BEFORE May!Gina herself greeted us at the open door and her son recommended the Lemonade Italian Ice but I also got the strawberry which was amazing! Warning: you will have to visit several times in order to try all their fabulous flavors! Only con was no parking. You can park in the Walgreens parking lot and walk over. They have a nice outdoor patio area!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,9/26/2014,520,1112,4,6,6>If you ever find yourself in the SW burbs and you are looking for a good meal and some good beer you need to swing by and give this place a look.We tried this place out on a Sunday with our group of 8.They had a brunch buffet going on  when we all arrived. The buffet was really good. Nothing grew too old up there because there was a good crowed there for brunch and all of the dishes (there was quite a good variety) kept turning over at a good pace.You don't want brunch you say? You don;t have to get it. This restaurant allows you to order off of your menu while brunch is going on I had brunch buffet while many people in our part ordered lighter off of the menu. They all seemed to enjoy what they ordered.Our server was very helpful and friendly and very patient and attentive to our lrge group.I am sold. I am going to be back to try their regular menu and some more of their beer.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,9/25/2014,36,135,4,7,6>Baseball and summer are synonymous in my life and since I live out in The Kane, the Cougars fill that need for me.First off, there isn't a bad seat in the house.  Even if you sit in the grass you can have a good and comfortable time.  Ticket prices are still decent and if you scout out Living Social in early spring they run an offer of 10 tickets for $50..a deal you just can't beat. The schedule itself is very flexible with day, early evening and weekend games.  We like the evening games because they start a tad earlier at 6:30, getting you out a little earlier.  Some weekdays like Thirsty Thursdays offer $1 beers, others offer $1 hot dogs/sodas.  We often go as a family but I also like taking my son over who's six yrs old and just learning the game.   Every seat in the house puts you right on top of the field..it's pretty intimate.  I also like the fact that my son gets a close-up view so he can learn more about the game.This is minor league baseball so every half inning offers a different on-field gimmick.  Most are amusing and keep the crowd involved.  The Cougars are also good about scheduling various theme nights and guest appearances. Check their schedule for the various things they offer.Aside from the game there's a couple of traditions that we really enjoy: the post game fireworks and running the bases.   Their fireworks are better than some townships 4th fireworks, and running the bases is a unique way to get on the field and run one out with your son.Being that I'm a Cub fan it's additionally cool that the franchise is now part of the Cubs organization.  It will be nicer to see some players get to the show.  The only complaint I can think of is the $5 parking fee.  Parking was free here for over 20 years until some fool found another way to screw families out of money.  All in all, if you like baseball you just cannot go wrong here.  Cougars games are good for any age.Cheers!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,9/24/2014,104,234,4,7,7>This place loves their coffee! And so do I! You can tell from how passionate the staff explains their coffee and the whole brewing process. This place has a nice small business vibe and I love it. They have these cool looking sciencey experiment lookin' beakers with long tubes that drip out the coffee veeeeery slowly. There's a brew there that literally takes 24-hours to brew! You can check out the setup here: coffeeplanetinc.com/coff... but its almost like a science experiment ending in coffee deliciousness. I ended up having the peanut butter latte and it was awesome. As of the time of this writing, Yelp check-ins give you a $1 off!BATHROOM REVIEW: Bathroom is a single stall setup and consists of a toilet and sink. Super clean and modern tiling and decor. Sit or squat? Sit!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,9/23/2014,64,130,2,9,8>You can't beat the Chicago area for having such diverse food. Tommy's is a semi-fast food type restaurant with quick but interesting food. The Gyros are delicious but they also have a wide variety of other food to choose from like burgers, ribs, and dogs. What is a plus is that their prices are the same if not slightly lower than chains like Burger King and McDonald but the quality is much better. The only drawback to this location is the interior does not make for the best in restaurant dining. Do not waste your money on fast food chains if you live in this area.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,9/22/2014,56,185,4,7,4>Let's go quick and efficient:- Gizzards with plantains: Best dish of the night. The sauce consists of red peppers and tomatoes and they shine in this dish. The slightly sweet taste goes perfectly with the not-so-chewy gizzard.- Jollof Rice: Great flavor. Not sure what the flavor is, but my taste buds loved it. The fish that came with it was slightly underseasoned but was perfect when eaten with the rice. The goat was perfect and fell off the bone.- Fried Rice: Not sure where the liver was but it wasn't a bad dish. It could have used a little bit more flavor as it paled in comparison to the Jollof Rice dish. The chicken was a little dry.But the best part of the experience was talking to the owner. He explained what went into the sauces and answered any questions we had. We ended up staying later than any other customer but he didn't hurry us at all. And when we finally did leave, he wasn't around but he made the effort to come outside to tell us good-bye.Great experience, although, their interior decor could use some work. For those that judge a book by the cover, Bisi might not interest them. But for those willing to see what's inside, you'll find a Nigerian gem in the burbs.P.S. This place is super cheap. Dinner is 10 bucks for a ton of food.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,9/21/2014,65,785,2,7,7>This was indeed a nice stop for a brat lunch.  I hadn't been back here in years when it was first a neighborhood gem of a grocery, then a sausage shop, and now since Jan 2013, a sausage shop serving lunch.   Colleagues and I came in for a weekday lunch and beat the crowd by showing up at about 11:45am, and a surprisingly long line did subsequently form on this day.  I had their brat lunch deal for $6.88 - their original brat with in my case sauerkraut and mustard, and with chips and a soda can.  It's also a nice quiet place to have a good lunch conversation while enjoying a fresh tasting home made brat.  I also bought for take-home a pound ($5.99/lb) of their enticing turkey-cranberry-orange brats, amongst various brat selections in their freezer (haven't tried yet but looking forward to it).  Will be back again I think.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,9/20/2014,98,221,3,5,6>When I was beginning to look for a photographer for my wedding at the end of this year, one of my bridesmaids recommended I check out Kirstin/ LaRoche Photos.  My friend had been using Kirstin for her daughter's baby pictures and had nothing but awesome things to say. After browsing her website and Facebook page, I loved the style of her wedding photos and for in touch with her.Her response time is awesome - it was never more than a couple days before I would get a response. Her pricing is more than reasonable as well (Seriously, compared to the other photographers I looked into, she's a steal!) Last week we had an engagement photo session with her, and we had an absolute blast. She's so nice and fun. She had great ideas for locations. She brought a few fun props with her and had great ideas for poses that didn't feel cheesy.  We're silly people, and I felt like she got that about us. She didn't seem too take her self too seriously either. (I mean this in s good way! She was certainly professional!) She was snapping photos of us goofing around along with the posed photos. I haven't received the photos back yet, but the teasers she's posted on her Facebook page look amazing! I was hesitant to book her without researching a dozen other photogs first (after all these will be like the most important photos ever, right?!?), but now I am so glad I did! I cannot wait!!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,9/19/2014,113,67,3,4,5>I still have taco breath as I'm writing this review. That's just how powerful my three fish tacos were even after 3.5 hours of eating them.The restaurant is pretty spacious and has multiple dining area sections. If you sit at the bar during happy hour of 3:00 - 6:00 p.m. on the weekdays, you can order various menu items for $3.79 each with a beverage purchase. My friends and I just sat at a regular dining table that was located by a fireplace.I ordered the Grilled Fish Tacos while my friends ordered the Steak Tacos and Low-Calorie Turkey Burger. The fish tacos were tasty with the red salsa. They didn't have the green salsa unfortunately, which I normally use on tacos. My tacos came with a side of beans and rice. I hate refried beans, so I was happy to see regular black beans arrive on my plate. I sampled my friend's turkey burger, which was flavorful and juicy.REMEMBER TO SIGN UP FOR THEIR E-CLUB ON THE WEBSITE TO GET $10 ANY PURCHASE (excludes the $3.79 specials)!! It made my fish tacos ($9.99) essentially free!Food was great, but it didn't beat my steak taco love affair at Chavas Tacos in Elmwood Park, IL.Overall, I recommend going to this restaurant.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,9/18/2014,83,164,3,5,4>Eating here was like stepping back into the 70`s...a little outdated decor, good lively people and very simple, yet good, homemade food.Our first visit here and we were treated like family.Very crowded, and being a last minute decision...didn't think to make reservations. Was a little nervous when the hostest asked us about any..thought we'd wait at least a good half hour.5 minutes later, room was made at a nice comfy table in the back for us and we were enjoying the fantastic smells of people digging in around us.The waitress had her hands full with several tables, had a short wait for wait for drinks...which although it was to be expected..gave us our first round of drinks on the house for the inconvenience. Was surprised! Didn't complain! Was a very nice gesture.Reading all the reviews here on Yelp, knew we were trying the french onion soup. Most definitely.My hubby ordered their prime rib special and I went with good old fashioned liver and onions...bacon too! Oh my! Haven't had great liver like that since my grandmother made it for me as a kid. Fantastic! Could convert even the most pickiest into a fan. Huge crispy strips of bacon, nicely grilled onions and the liver was soft and moist. No rubbery foreign substance! Perfection! Let's not forget about my husband's prime rib. Minimal, yet just enough fat to keep things tender and tasty. This was perfectly medium rare...melt in your mouth goodness!! French onion was great.Service and food served in a fast and friendly atmosphere. Our waitress was awesome! Very much loved our experience here! Prices very reasonable...very generous portions...can't go wrong!!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,9/17/2014,101,611,12,12,13>If I was a single chick, I'd be here every day. This place is a sausage fest and I'd definitely have my pick of any type of man I wanted -- from the burly lumberjacks to skinny hipsters to just the average working man, I think any woman could find her potential mate here.I came to Solemn Oath a few weeks ago on a Friday afternoon with my husband and Angela P to try out their beer and also finally try some Toasty Cheese. Solemn Oath doesn't have food, so if you're the type that likes your beer with food, make sure to come on a day where a food truck will be on the premises. I tried the Oubliette and found it delicious. It's a light beer and right up my ally. The seats are very hard to come by so if you plan on coming in on a Friday night, I'd recommend leaving work early to beat the rush and snag a seat. Just tell your boss I said you had to leave and that should work as a valid excuse. (I am also willing to type this up and print it out for you because I am that selfless of an individual.) The bartenders were pretty cool too, even though they were slammed. It was a fantastic experience, just wish the place was a little bit bigger.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,9/16/2014,191,452,2,5,4>$14 for men's haircut. $16 for women's. Classic barbershop complete with the barbershop pole & no nonsense atmosphere. My husband's been coming here since he was 12 years old. He doesn't say a word. He sits down and Joe just knows. Plenty of magazines & a small flat screen to keep you busy while you wait. Closed Sundays and Mondays.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,9/15/2014,168,718,5,8,8>Yup, this place is awesome.  KEEP IN MIND: I have only done take-out and delivery (YES, they do delivery now!!)I have ordered from them 4 or 5 times recently, and every time is REALLY great.  Probably better than the last.  The spider roll and the lasagna roll are great--yes I know that sounds strange but trust me, it's a must-get.OH, and their fried rice is by FAR the best I've ever had :)The only thing that I was somewhat put off by is the fact that we only sometimes get the salad that's supposed to come with the meal.  There's no rhyme or reason about why we DO and DON'T get it at certain times.  But I love me some salad, so that's not something I could overlook!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,9/14/2014,48,231,1,6,5>I bought my first road bike here 3 years ago.  They are a great local bike shop.  I usually go to another location for service, but when I stop in here they are always quick and friendly. I recently stopped by to check out some triathlon bikes.  The employee helping me out was great.  He let me ride a few bikes and gave me some advice on buying and things to look for.  He was very knowledgeable about the bikes and answered all my questions.  He wasn't pushy at all.  He suggested I check out their other locations and ride a few bikes there so I could get a feel for the differences in the fit and feel of the bikes.  He also mentioned they were having their annual tent sale in a week and if I wanted to get a bike that would be the best time.  I did end up buying a bike at the sale and I am happy to continue to be a customer of Village CycleSport. They have a great maintenance policy and are always helpful.I see Village Cyclesport at a lot of local cycling events providing basic maintenance or volunteering and I like that they are very involved in their local cycling community.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,9/13/2014,63,113,3,7,5>Lots of good beer and food at Tap House. Beer menu is fairly extensive with an emphasis on craft beers. Each month features a different brewery, which opens up even more drink options. I wish the beer menu wasn't just a couple of 8.5 x 11 sheets of paper stapled together though. Does that take away from my experience? Absolutely not but but why not have an appearance similar to the food menu? Speaking of food, I have not been disappointed with anything on it yet. Try the exotic chicken wings. Really good flavor with a touch of spice. Wings overall are nice and meaty without an abundance of heavy breading. Burgers are pretty solid and they even offer a burger eating challenge! Finish ~2.5 lbs of burger and fries (combined) and you get an exclusive reward t-shirt... and bragging rights of course. Prices are reasonable for almost everything. It's a craft beer place so expect some beers to be a bit higher. Besides food, they have occasional beer events throughout the year. Some of these include tastings, educational sessions, and more.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,9/12/2014,212,227,5,9,6>What a cute shop for the tea and/or yarn lover! I decided to check it out one day when I found that they carry a flavor of Republic of Tea that I had been looking for. The shop is tucked away and was a bit hard to find, but I'm glad I did.I'm new to tea, so it was almost overwhelming walking in. There's SO. MUCH. TEA. My friend and I spent a good 20 minutes walking around and looking at all the tea. Since I was overwhelmed, all I bought was the tin I originally came in for. We were left alone and had to call for someone to check us out. They seemed to be too busy talking in the back room. The woman who rang up my order wrapped my tea up so nicely! She didn't have to but it was a nice touch.I'm not a knitter but I would definitely come here if I ever want to learn how.EDITThey sell expired tea. Today (August 29, 3014) I just pulled out the tea I had bought four months ago and checked the "best by" date. It's May 2013. Not cool!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,9/11/2014,73,152,5,8,6>I'm always on these temporary "healthy" diets but I did not want to cook anything on a Saturday night. So, my parents suggested a sushi joint owned by some Japanese folks. When was the last time you met somebody from Japan? Not some Asian fellow who probably is Chinese or Koreanese, but a real Japanesian. After experiencing their food, I'd say this is the most authentic Japanese food I have yet  to have in the Chicago burbs. Maybe I am jaded cuz I think the owners are Japanese. Nonetheless, the food tastes FAF (fresh as frick).The food here is 5-stars, but you have to pay a hefty price for it. There are a lot of pricey sushi places out there that cost a lot and have great presentation, but their sashimi tastes and feels limp and not fresh. This place has some FFrF (fricken fine raw fish). It took a long time to get our food. My party arrived fairly early in the night so we did not have to wait for seating (can't make reservations for groups under a party of SIX btw..), but there were customers arriving later who had a long wait. Watching the waitresses running frantically around stressed me out. There might have only been two people on the wait staff that night handling the entire restaurant. The longest wait was for the first dish to come out. After the first dish came out, the long wait in between dishes didn't bother me as much since I wasn't salivating every time the waitress passed me with an order fresh out of the oven.TLDR: Service can be better but their sushi is fresh and delicious
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/10/2014,9,105,4,5,7>My Dad's laptop was full of viruses and he gave me the task of finding a place to get it fixed.  I contacted Triple Check Techs after seeing all the positive reviews.   I left a voicemail and got a call back from Greg and explained the laptop issues to him.   He then offered the option of me either bringing the computer over to their shop or having Tim come over and pick it up from my location.     I decided to opt for Tim to pick up.   We set a time and Tim came by to pick up the laptop.    This happened on Thursday afternoon.He was very courteous and before leaving took the time to look at the laptop to see what was going on.   He mentioned the possibility of the CMOS battery needing to be changed due to date/time being inaccurate.So he took the laptop and I got a call later that evening to go over the programs on the laptop and whether I used them or not.    By Saturday morning I got a call from Greg stating the laptop was ready and scheduled a time for Tim to return it.   Tim came by with the laptop and mentioned the laptop had 33 viruses and over 2000 traces that were removed.    The price of $129 was reasonable I thought.   Tim had forgotten the power plug and made a separate trip later on to return that.I'm very satisfied with their level of service and would definitely use them again.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/9/2014,73,90,4,12,8>As good as it gets because of all the heart that goes into the food. By heart i mean hearty food. beef stroganoff. meatloaf filled with ginger zest. shrimp bisque. cheesy pulled pork fries. this was an epic first visit!surprisingly they have one of the best beer selections around that rivals most liquor stores. You wouldn't suspect this coffee shop looking place to have excellent draft beer and a full page of hand selected craft beers. We're talking some of the best beers from across the nation including local (litterally down the street) brewed beer. its comforting its home towns. something you would find in Portland. To top it off they offer build your own 6 packs to go. i can picture this being a real life savor in the summer during festival season, picnics, or to seal the deal on date night.We also had the Bluebery bar which paired perfectly with a saison. This is a hidden gem adored by locals.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,9/8/2014,41,83,4,6,5>This place is so kitschy! WHICH I LOVE! I'm a fan of anything themed. This place has a medieval feel to it. They offer complimentary bowl(s) of popcorn. The first time they asked if we would like a bowl, the second time we didn't receive a bowl nor did we ask for one (no biggie). So I'm not quite sure if you need to request one...?But anyways... Try the Cajun Burger. So so good. This is probably the only time in my life that I didn't smother my burger in ketchup. The seasoning and pepper jack cheese added enough flavor that I didn't add any condiments. Major plus, it didn't taste the least bit dry.Decent steak fries. Fries are my secret obsession. Personally, I prefer thinner crispy fries, but I will eat just about any kind.The baked French onion soup is another must-try.Went there on a Saturday night and they had a guy playing guitar and singing. Wasn't half bad, either! Definitely a cool place to grab dinner.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/7/2014,160,654,5,9,8>Don't mistake the Choo Choo Restaurant as a kids place only. Yes, it has kid appeal with a little train car seat and the model train track that circles the dining counter, bringing food to customers. They got serious food that appeals to both kids and adults. First off, their burgers are great. They are pressed thin, grilled crisp around the edges, and a rich meaty flavor you'd expect from Smashburger or Meatheads. Want bacon or other toppings? You can request them and customize it to your liking. Not in the mood for burgers? Try their turkey chili. I never thought turkey chili, which is usually more bland than beef chili, could taste so good.Fries are plentiful, which is a good thing with my younger son. And if that's not enough, try their apple pie. It's a huge slice with a small scoop of ice cream. Sugar sprinkled on top gives it the home-made touch and in the words of my 10 year old, it was "the best apple pie ever."And did I mention hey have ice cream sundaes and cupcakes too? Check it out. Got no kids? Come for the food. By the way, it is best to come early (11 AM) or closer to 1 PM and beat the crowds that can line up past the door. If you got kids, be sure to sign them up for their birthday meal with the Choo Choo during your visit.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,9/6/2014,165,146,4,5,5>I've been working out here for a few months and I've definitely seen an improvement in my performance. Now if only I can pay someone to follow me around and slap food out of my hand.....It's pretty small and classes can get packed but it's broken up to help alleviate some of the crowding. The workouts keep you moving and don't allow for boredom which I love. You can challenge yourself with each move or modify depending on fitness level.The trainers are extremely helpful and friendly as well as the staff at the desk. After a few sessions, everyone knows your name. That kind of atmosphere is what keeps me wanting to stay. But the part that wants to leave is the money. For personal training, this is probably cheap but it's group training with a personal touch. It's definitely something I can't continue to do forever but for now I've seen a big improvement in what I'm able to do now versus my first class. Also, the heart rate monitors are what makes OT different but the monitors don't always work accurately which takes away from their niche.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/5/2014,41,45,4,8,6>Located next to the YMCA and Little Caesars at the intersection of Book Rd and 95th Rd. This place opened up early in 2014 during that horrific winter and has since been running with a wide selection of items ranging from: Milkshakes to Ice Cream to Smoothies to Desserts.Man you name it, they have it.I personally have only tried one item: "The Cappuccino Crunch" Ice Cream flavor, which is beyond delicious.It features a, Cappuccino flavor which is pretty close to chocolate and a crunchy wafer like crunch. So when you eat, you enjoy the Cappuccino flavored Crunch.Its hard to describe because it seems to be a custom ice cream flavor, that you may normally NOT FIND at other stores.By the way, they serve Hershey Brand, Ice Cream, which I never heard of before until this store opened up.Its a family run store, in which you'll often see the Mom or the Dad working, and occasionally their children.Although no Business website was found, I did find their Twitter account in which they post daily updates and special promos from time to time. You can follow or just simply bookmark them at Twitter here: twitter.com/SweetVille1The items here are fairly priced. Of course its cheaper to buy more of, rather than a small scoop. They have other items besides Ice Cream, which I encourage you to try whenever it gets warmer outside.There is reasonable space indoors to throw a small party or just eat in. I have seen Soccer Team parties being thrown here from time to time and so I suppose you can book parties here.Also, SweetVille incorporates newer technology into your experience. They have iPad based registers, in which you may slide your card and sign on the screen, and you receive an email with your receipt. It definitely de-clutters your wallet and provides for a easier transaction. The store has 1 or 2 bluetooth speakers set up. From which, based on your appearance and your age range, the Woman owner may try to play music that is geared towards you.I remember when I walked in a month ago, all of a sudden "One Love" by Bob Marley started playing. And I remember saying, "Nice, its not often you hear this song is a food shop."Other than, its Evening Only Business Hours, this place is awesome and is geared toward the younger crowd. Their menu is so big and decked out with pleasantly-delicious-sounding-names that someday I plan to try other items on their menu. Whether you're young or old, everyone screams for Ice Cream, and so go here and give your taste buds a treat!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/4/2014,149,67,5,8,9>I cannot say enough good things about these people. I trust them 100% with my fur children. I have taken both of my babies here numerous times. With both of them being rescues they come worth the usual issues, but my older pug took the cake. I was told by a different vet he would need all of his teeth pulled out and to have pins put in his front legs to straighten them out. Yes, he came from a puppy mill. This was also going to cost me around $2500 according to my vet. I started to research a more low cost alternative to having this surgery done. I found Spay Illinois online. When I took him over there to be examined, i was presently surprised! The facility was very clean. It didn't small like cat pee, and the staff was super helpful. When the vet came in I got a great vibe from her. Low and behold, my dog did not need all his teeth pulled. Only 4 and a dental cleaning for $167 including meds! Needless to say I haven't ever returned to my old vet. The staff all knows me and my dogs by name, and always go above and beyond in their care.Smashface, Hayden, and I have referred numerous friends and family to them and will continue to for many years to come.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,9/3/2014,16,71,6,9,8>So far I've only been here for the Friday fish fry, but oh man was it awesome. Cheap and awesome...it doesn't get any better than that. I can't wait to go back for their steak sandwich and try other eats. My wife and I reported a bill of $28 (including tip).We really can't wait to go back! It's not a fancy place. It's reminiscent of your old fashioned tavern style diner. The service was great, and although we had to wait ten minutes for a table, it was a sign that this place was full because the food is good.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,9/2/2014,63,131,,6,7>Come support a small business that serves delicious coffee and gelato. I have personally tried both the standard coffee and the 'pour over'. Both were terrific. Admittedly, its hard for it not to be when its Intelligentsia, but that is the point! Right now the seasonal special is Persephone coffee from South America - a medium brew with a smidge of apricot flavor to lighten the body up a tad.Plus, the servers are friendly and in need of a little more attention from my fellow Yelpers. So skip the $tarbucks (that's right, plural) and stop on by Bloom Coffee Company because I bet you'll like it too!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/1/2014,15,87,5,6,4>You cannot live in, live near, or visit Geneva without eating at Preservation. If you miss Preservation Bread & Wine, you've missed one of the Western Suburbs' great restaurants.If you are out to dinner (or lunch) with someone you don't like or that you don't like talking to, then don't come here. Go to McDonald's or something and get it over and done with quickly.If you enjoy the person you'll be eating with, then come here. The cheese and meat plates at Preservation are terrific for long, conversation-filled meals over a bottle of wine. The staff can always recommend excellent wines to go with whatever you choose from the menu, and never ever will you be rushed. All the crostini are good, all the flat bread pizza is good, and the Charcuterie and Spanish Charcuterie are terrific.If there are any of the Chocolate Espresso Tarts left when you go, have one. Or two. Or three. Along with coffee. You'll be happy.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/31/2014,25,152,6,10,7>I have to admit, I was kind of in love before I even tasted the food. Ever walk into a place and you just know it's going to be good right away? That's pretty much what you have here. It makes me feel a little bit like I'm on vacation somehow, just sitting inside or in the outdoor area, which they added after they bought the building when Cafe Firefly closed. I'm pretty excited to have Taste This so close to my house, for sure.I'll have to come back a few times to get the full scope (I hear good things about the ice cream, coffee, and "adults only" milkshakes), but my sandwich, the Vinny Barbarino, was excellent, and I loved the side potato salad, which is clearly made in house. I finished it off with a fresh squeezed lemonade (delicious) and brought a roasted almond tea home to my wife, which I stole more than a few sips from. I look forward to when the 31 bypass construction is done, because it will make getting to this part of town easier, but in the meantime, it's well worth fighting some traffic to stop in.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,8/30/2014,118,202,7,4,5>Wang's garden is great for a smorgasbord experience with quality outputs.We came here with intent to order sushi and wound up getting some hot & sour soup and some pork chow fun as well.  The hot and sour was good, but the pork chow fun was FANTASTIC.  The noodles had a perfect texture - just heaven to put in your mouth.  The flavor was great and the portion was plenty.The sushi came last and was great!  The salmon had a great texture and flavor - very melty.  We had a spider roll that was very good other than maybe too much nori that hung around at the end of the bite.  We also had a godzilla and Aurora roll and both were tasty.I'd say you can't go wrong with either sushi or chinese here based on just a couple of dishes I've tried, but I'll be back to confirm that when you combine them you can make for a mighty tasty meal!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,8/29/2014,499,481,12,17,18>I came with high expectations after reading all of 20 reviews, each with 5-star rating.  It was getting late and their website said they close at 7pm.  Amazingly, they had a Facebook feed on their website where they recently posted that they were opening until 8p that night.  How tech savy!!  That piece of info got me into those doors that night.  After my dinner here, I am happy to add to their 5-star streak.The deli is adorable and is tucked away in one of the alleys in downtown Lombard.  Street parking is free and was easy to find.  There is both seating inside and outside.  The lady working here, I believe her name is Theresa, made us feel more than welcome.  She is enthusiastic and genuinely cares for the business and her customers.  What a delight to be at a place where the people are happy!Shrimp Po Boy w/side was on special for $7.  Since it was towards the end of the day, some of the sides were almost gone and she threw in an extra side for us.  How sweet!  The sandwich looked and tasted amazing!  Cobb Salad - $8 - Big salad, fresh and delicious!  The bacon on top was perfectly cooked.The sub and sandwiches on the menu ranges from $5 - $8.  Great atmosphere, great food, and great prices. I'd go out of my way to come eat here again!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/28/2014,59,161,3,8,7>The taproom is open! We came here 5/23 for Chicago Craft Beer Week and my birthday. It was awesome. We were a little confused, since there wasn't too much signage, but everyone was nice and we found the taproom in a corner of their warehouse. It was really cool to watch the goings on of the brewery. They had great music and a cool movie playing. My friend and I each got a flight, and the nice lady working suggested we get all six of the beers on tap and then each pick our fav for the last two. 5 Lizard is still my favorite, but the mango paletas and mango chile paletas were both yummy. The Yodo con Leche was the favorite of the bf. He had two glasses then a beer float. (The beer float was amazing). The Gringolandia Super Pils was a very nice pilsner. The Naked Rabbit was a collaboration with a Norwegian brewer Nogne O. It was really good, mango and juniper. It was my friends favorite.  There were people selling ice cream and mangos, and they started grilling burgers before we left. They also have a fridge full of beer to take home and you can get growlers. I can't wait to go back and sample more beers.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/27/2014,65,197,3,7,10>I  am always on the hunt of a good diner type place for breakfast, not the "wait for 1 hour and maybe we will be seating" you next to screaming kids and warm coffee and high prices.Mauri's was GREAT.  If you drive down Hawley too fast you will miss it, but it is worth the turn around.  The place was clean, service was excellent and friendly and the coffee was hot and plentiful.I had the 2x2 special and it was more than enough with eggs cooked perfectly (over medium) crisp bacon and 2 melt in your mouth pancakes.  Next time I am getting the pumpkin pancakes (if they are half as good as the regular I will be thrilled).  We ordered a skillet, an order of corned beef hash (this was the only possible flaw as it was a tad dry) and Mauri's famous omlette with jalapeno peppers and chorizo and lots of cheese came with hash browns and a side of fruit.  Their prices are good, service super friendly (as were the happy customers sitting next to us) and my tummy was very happy when I left!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,8/26/2014,38,217,2,12,7>Love the concept.  the man making the sandwiches (whom I can only assume is the owner) indicated they use mostly organic spreads, Red Hen breads (redhenbread.com), have an independent farmer out of Traverse City, MI making all his jams, etc.  I first ordered the Blackhawk, which is 2 pretzel roll slider size sandwiches (chocolate peanut butter with raspberry preserves).  When i saw them being assembled, i realized it was definitely not adequate sized for a lunch so i ordered a chaser, i think the Berry White (reg. peanut butter w/ blueberry preserves, on white).  I settled on these 2, as many on the menu looked to be overly sweetened.  added marshmallow fluff, honey, toffee peanut butter, etc.  While I'm sure these are all excellent.  I wanted to stick with a basic staple for starters.They were tasty little sandwiches.I could have used a larger quantity of spread on the sandwiches, a little thin on that end.  Even these 2 sandwiches didnt cut it for a complete lunch meal. I was still hungry.  And ending up paying $10, I was a little disappointed on that end.  I love independent businesses such as this.  I fear this one may be a little TOO specialty, focusing on pbj sandwiches.  Not a whole lot of room to diversify with the name being peanut butter planet.  Maybe adding grilled cheese sandwiches would give them room to grow?
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,8/25/2014,25,298,4,8,5>Bono's Beef and Bono's Pub - they are in the same building. If you are in the Pub, you walk through the breezeway to Bono's Beef to get food. If you are in Bono's Beef, you walk through the breezeway to get into the Pub with your food and tack on a beer. Either way you look at it, these two share the same address and should have the same reviews. That said, the food was really nice at Bono's Beef/Pub. We ordered a grilled chicken sandwich (nice marinade and sandwich), cheese fries (slathered in cheese), a Maxwell Street Polish (add-ons make for a nice sandwich), chicken strips (moist chicken and crunchy breading), and mozzarella sticks (nice thick sticks) ... and all the food was good. Had the BBQ (smoky) and Ranch (peppery) sauces and they were also nice - tangy and just a bit of zing so you'll remember you had a topping. Don't usually give out five stars but this place rocks the food side.When you enter the Beef side it looks just like any other kind of roast beef place - a number of booths, a counter up front where you order, a TV on the wall - you get the picture. If you go through the door on your right, you'll enter the Pub area - full service bar on the back wall, lots of tables and TVs and a couple of video games. The center room often has live music - with the bar and pub working on either side. Never been here for the live stuff, but the food and pub sides go together very nicely. I checked into the Pub but spent my time in the Beef - split personality. You can eat on either side, but I assume the pub is off limits to the little people...nice way to separate them. Nice staff...we ordered and forgot two things. They gave them to us anyway with no charge or rolling of the eyes. They have a nice laid back staff that gets the food out. The food isn't prepared a day ahead of time and waiting on the railing...they make stuff pretty fresh and that was a nice touch. Small wait and very nice food. Clean yet old place. Come here for the food and not the décor. Pottys were also nice - had wild cherry soap in the Unisex bathroom...old fixtures but everything works just how it should. This place is a winner. We'll be back.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,8/24/2014,42,136,6,7,5>We went there for the recent Blues on the Fox Festival. They featured artists like Jimmy Vaughan, Tab Benoit and Los Lonely Boys just to name a few. Only $20 to get in the park. Had to park in the Metra station and trek to the venue, but that's to be expected with an event this large.Venue was set up well with food and other vendors near the entrance. Walk around them to get to the seating area. We found our parcel of grass and parked our chairs. Bring lawn chairs and an umbrella, we needed both. Plenty of clean Porta-Pottys and hand wash stations which I consider a plus.For folks on the lawn there is a giant screen behind the sound and light booth. Makes it nice since your a good 50+ yards from the stage itself. You do have good sight lines from the grass. Only problem with this event was the planning. At around 8pm most of the food was gone and so was the beer. Giant mistake! How do you run out of beer? They did have bud light, which I don't consider beer at all, so for all intents and purposes they were out. I think they ran out of bottled water, too.I'd definitely go back and I hope the planning committees and vendors learn from the mistakes made during this event.Cheers!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,8/23/2014,47,165,10,17,12>I bookmarked Sam's based on reviews on Yelp.  Today I finally made my way over there.First of all, Sam is very nice and entertaining to talk to.  You will walk out of there with a smile for sure.I ordered the tandoori chicken on a pita, but he talked me into another version on a crispy bread.  OMG... it was amazing.Although I didn't order fries, he threw in a few for me to sample.  Also very crispy (surprising since they're fresh-cut) and tasty.I think a Tandoori chicken salad would be great, and I'm sure Sam would make it if you wanted it.Great find, and some day I'll try the pizza.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,8/22/2014,75,135,4,5,8>The ladies in this shop are very helpful, patient (I always have tons of questions, don't judge picking nail polish colors is a hard decision to make). As well, they work quickly. I was happy to find this place on groupon and it's about 6 min from my job. I had a no chip, decided to go with a natural color to mix with different outfits for work and otherwise. Since it's my birthday, I jazzed it up with some gold glitter top coat.Each layer was done perfectly and they were nice the entire time. They also do no chip pedis so I'm definitely coming here again since it's so close to work. The no chip pedi is a must when traveling and based on the great work they've done on the mani, I trust it'll come out right. Check this place out, it's close to Jewel and Rockies Pizza.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,8/21/2014,124,106,2,10,7>Guac + watermelon = amazing ness!I came here on the raving review from Katey A. Her and a coworker have gone after school before, and warned me that you do have to get there early. The restaurant opened at 12pm, so my friends and I got there at 11:30 to wait. Luckily the line didn't start forming until about 10 minutes before 12, but I'm glad we did get there early. I think they're use to a line because the host came outside to take names and than the (assistant?) host kept locking the door behind him until they were ready.Upon entering, you pretty much understand why. If you've never been or heard of Bien Trucha, you would know this place as the grey building with no sign and a line around the corner to get in. There's a line because it's seriously the size of a New York apartment! Small cozy tables, very modern look, but it has the mexican feel to it as well. We knew all this before we came, so this was no surprise. I was, totally ready for the small space as long as the food was as good as I had heard. When you sit down, the waitstaff does do a great job of trying to clear as much space as possible by taking your coats for you. When we sat down, we immediately got a basket of chips and a bean dip that was delish! And that's saying a lot considering I HATE beans :) My friends and I (three all together) had the following:Guacamole del Dia: not only do they have a traditional guacamole which is delish, but every day, the chef makes a guacamole of the day which includes his choice of fresh fruit. Now Im the FIRST person to turn my nose to fruit in savory dishes (i.e. chicken salad with grapes or oranges?? eeww!) My food friend Katey A did however, keep my mind open to this, and I'm so glad she did! The fruit of the day was watermelon, and it was such an amazing combination. Since watermelon isn't completely in season, it wasn't candy sweet like in the middle of the summer. The sweetness, however, was a great compliment to the savory of the guac. It was delicious!Ahuacatl (margarita): When a drink menu is so unique, I just have to have one! I decide to try the ahuacatl, which was a drink (margarita I think!) made of avocado, agave nectar, lime, exotico blanco, orange liquor, and mezcal mist. It was sweet, savory, and creamy all at once! I think this will be my go-to drink next time we come!Barriga de Puerco - I had the pork belly tacos, which was marinated in adobe, and had salsa verde cruda, cucumber, and queso fresco. The pork belly was cooked to perfection, and cubed so small for this plate of 4 tacos. The cuts were perfect for the size. The taco itself was spicy, but not too spicy. With all the food we had, I was very impressed with the balance that was found within everything! Esquites - Along with the pork belly tacos, I had to try their roasted corn. It came with epazote-butter, lemon aioli, queso cotija, and chile piquin. It was a little watery than what I'm use to with mexican corn, but the flavors were there. I think the liquid came from the mixture of the butter and the chile piquin, but it was still yummy. You could tell that this corn was roasted on the cob and than made into this side. Yum!Bien Trucha - One of my girlfriends decided on the bien trucha, and I traded one of my pork bellies for her. This one had grilled skirt steak, chorizo, chihuahua cheese, and roasted tomatillo salsa. When they came out, I was a little weary because the chihuahua cheese was melted , and I've rarely seen that on a traditional mexican taco.  The flavors of this taco, however, were amazing! I really didn't taste the chorizo, but it could have been added for the heat factor, which was nicely balanced. Pollo - My other girlfriend had the pollo tacos, which were more like Southern California rolled tacos. Although I didn't try them, they looked amazing. The rolled tacos had a mixture of shredded chicken and potato hash inside, and topped with creama and queso fresco and morita-serrano salsa. If you eat with your eyes, this was a winner!The one negative with this place is that they don't split the checks, however they are more than happy to divide the check among as many credit cards as you want, and you can indicate the amount. There was so much on the menu that I wanted to try, and didn't get a chance to for the sheer fact that I had no room wahtsoever! I'll definitely be back :)
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,8/20/2014,122,135,3,6,7>I had a great haircut yesterday from Toni. Without even being asked, she took the time to explain HOW to style my hair and use my hair dryer correctly. All of the staff I encountered were friendly. The salon is very nicely decorated and comfortable! They even have a cute little bar set up for their color consultations. It is a boutique-feel, but there is nothing stuffy about this place! As a new client, I felt welcomed and enjoyed my experience here.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,8/19/2014,43,86,2,7,8>The food is excellent, and the service is fast. There's not much more you can ask from a restaurant.  I recommend coming here for the lunch special from 11 AM - 2:30 PM, Monday - Friday (the restaurant is closed on Wednesdays, though). You'll get a lot for $7.25 (There's a $2 upcharge for a dish with shrimp or squid). With your choice of Pad Khee Mao, Pad See Ewe, a Thai Basil dish with your choice of meat or tofu,  a red curry dish with your choice of meat or tofu, plus four other dishes, you can't go wrong. Each lunch special comes with an egg roll, chicken satay, Pad Thai (meatless), and fried rice (meatless).  I typically get the Beef Pad See Ewe, which is always good. In particular, I like how the dish has the perfect balance of noodles, meat, and Chinese broccoli. As for the restaurant's other offerings, we enjoy the shrimp toast and the Thai calamari. The individual pieces of toast and calamari are big. Both dishes have a nice batter on them. I particularly like the Thai calamari's delicate batter, which allows the calamari to largely stand on its own. The service here is fast, and you'll get the attention you need even if there are lots of diners. You shouldn't have a problem finding seating here either. Just walk right in - no fuss. Thai Little Home comes highly recommended!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/18/2014,152,234,3,6,6>Best Truckin' BBQ was scheduled to go to my Corporate Office building during lunch hours.  On their receipt, they are located in   This food truck offers sandwiches, sliders, homemade BBQ sauces, Southern style side dishes and dessert.  The staff was friendly and on average you would expect to pay around $6-$10 bucks for your meal.It was the beginning of Memorial day weekend so why not start off with some BBQ!  Here are some items I got:-Speeding Ticket which was snack size bbq pulled chicken bites on toasted pretzel buns that come with homemade potato chips.  They had two types of sweet BBQ sauce, one more tangy than the other topped with cole slaw.  This was really tasty chicken was perfectly cooked not at all dry, I would get these again.  However, I didn't care much for the homemade potato chips.  Mine tasted a bit stale/old or maybe it wasn't cooked in a high temperature?  Also, there was no seasoning on mine, no salt. I'd rather have a bag of chips or even a small cup of potato salad if they offered it.-Traffic Jam was a side of 7 pcs of crispy and hot hush puppies with a red pepper spicy dipping sauce on the side.  This was good but I'd prefer a BBQ type of dipping sauce as this spicy sauce was ok but a bit spicy for my taste buds.  It didn't compliment my BBQ meal.But overall, good eats heard from my other coworkers that they liked their pulled pork sandwiches and their sliders.  I will order from them again when they are around.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,8/17/2014,47,131,5,8,4>North Aurora, Gem!!!!This place doesn't look like the culinary highlight of North Aurora from the outside, nor does the name make you think that... It's awesome.  Seriously, it's hard to even spot windows from the outside.It's like they took an upscale Naperville restaurant, allowed you to wear jeans and put it in the middle of no where North Aurora.This is one of those kinda places where the chef takes pride in his menu.  It changes a lot, but it's so good!!!!I have gone here at all different times, had a fantastic brunch with prime rib... took friends from work here and had the burger and fries that I dream of, and had a meatloaf flight once with Kobe beef and buffalo.The servers here are awesome too, always funny and never seem like they are being rushed.  They have great ideas for you to get some amazing food.Heck, even the bathrooms are awesome... individual bathrooms that all have different names and themes.Why only 4 stars then?  Two reasons, it's a bit pricey (even though you get what you pay for... I just can't always afford it.)  And, the part that disappoints me the most is the noise level.  If the great bluesy rock they play could just be turned down a notch, I'd bump it up to 5.Try to make a reservation if you want to go here in the evening cause they will pack up quickly, although they are honest about the wait times... it can be nuts.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,8/16/2014,57,177,5,6,6>I was pleasantly surprised by this new restaurant.  The only thing I didn't care for was the country music, but the food and experience quickly overshadowed that.Our server was fantastic.  She was super personable, as one should be at a "southern themed" restaurant.  She was very helpful with the menu and brought us some tasty sweet teas.There are peanuts on the table that you can eat, but the best part is you just throw the shells on the floor!  I've heard of places that do this, but this was my first time at such a place.I ordered the shredded pork with fries and cornbread.  The shredded pork is dry rubbed and was amazing.  This was some of the best pulled pork I've had. The BBQ sauces they have are also very flavorful.  The fries were done well.  The cornbread was pretty dry and I would pass on it next time (unless there was a drastic revamping of it)Overall I was very impressed with Old Crow.  The service was awesome and the food was pretty stellar. Stop on by if you're looking for some good southern hospitality and cooking.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/15/2014,110,138,4,10,7>I love love LOVE this place. I would have to say it's my #1 favorite sushi spot.  It very inviting and classy.  It looks like it would be pricey by the way it looks but its really not(check out their happy hour!).  I think it's affordable and the service is outstanding.  The sushi is delivered fresh and decorated beautifuly.  I would suggest you check this place out if your ever near one.....oh and thier desserts is oh so yummy :-)P.S. they also have a Hibachi Grill if you are interested.  It's great for big groups/birthdays, they have Japanese-style seating on zabuton pillows or conventional tables. Enjoy!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,8/14/2014,76,143,7,8,7>Ok, let's talk delivery. Because Piggyback delivers. And how!The amount of sauce included (all kinds!) was insane. I could have opened my own Piggyback with the amount they sent when I requested "extra sauce, please."  Fantastic. Also- the food tasted just like it was fresh out the oven/smoker/BBQ/etc, and brought to my table at the restaurant, except I was at home and in pajamas. I got ribs and french fries, the latter of which was not soggy at all-they tasted like they had literally just come out of the kitchen. The ribs are always good-that's not hard to mess up for Piggyback. As an afterthought, and almost as a joke to myself, I ordered a s'more for desert. I don't know how -I suspect magical gypsy hocus pocus- but it was perfect. Seriously perfect. As in hot off the campfire, melty chocolate perfection. How does a restaurant deliver a perfectly-browned s'more in the dead of winter? Answer me that and I think you may have found the secret to world peace and cold fusion.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,8/13/2014,61,173,6,4,4>An authentic German experience! Big beer hall, communal tables with a band playing. A loud raucous place. Lets talk about the brew, made here on site.. is delicious! The big pretzel is a must have with a stein of beer. I personally think the Hefeweizen here was the best wheat beer I have tried in a long time. Oh.. lets not forget you can bring your buddy here on his birthday and get him paddled by a waitress! I am sure this is a true German tradition.. so come make memories with your friends!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,8/12/2014,60,239,8,9,10>This was our first visit and we loved it.  Thanks to all of you Yelpers who posted thoughtful reviews that led us to Union House.We had a number of their small plates and all of them  ranged from very good to excellent.We started with their homemade BBQ chips to snack on.  The BBQ dusting is a mix of BBQ and a hint of sweetness.  Paired with a fine craft brew, they are a nice pairing.  Next out from the kitchen were the Crab Hush Puppies.  You get 4 on a plate and they are accompanied by a sweet & spicy pepper sauce - very good.We also sampled the Gulf Shrimp Brochette which are 5 medium sized shrimp on a skewer.  The shrimp are perfectly spiced and the seasoning doesn't detract from the subtle flavor of the shrimp.  The shrimp are drizzled with a citrus aiole that gives this dish a little spark.  All you need to do is scoop a bit on your shrimp.Next up was the Pulled Pork Sliders - WOW!  This was absolutely the best dish.   Their in-house "sweet heat BBQ sauce" is one of the best I've tasted.  I wish they would bottle this for take-home sales.  The pulled pork was not stringy and came topped with homemade coleslaw and served on a locally baked Gnarly Knot pretzel roll.  We don't eat much meat these days, but this was definitely worth the indulgence.  I highly recommend these sliders.Although we were quite full at this point,  the thought of Shrimp Corndogs was way to tempting so we ordered these for "dessert".    Three medium sized shrimp dipped in a fluffy corn batter along with a sweet honey pepper sauce.   I'll tell you, I don't know if I'll ever be able to eat a "regular" corndog again.  I'm spoiled forever.They have a small but interesting beer list and about 6 wines to choose from.  I started with a Solemn Oath Wreckagemaster and then switched to  Church Street Heavenly Helles.  Since my wife offered to drive home, I ended the evening with a delicious Bourbon & Ginger.    I like that most of their craft beer offerings are local breweries.In total, we had 4 small plates, one side of chips and 5 drinks.  Our bill was $88.  I would have figured it to be at least $25 higher.    The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable.  One other thing, their "small" plates are not that small- definitely larger than tapas size.   Locally sourced and produced is a big part of what Union House is all about as we learned from our friendly server, Evie.  She was terrific and told us  about all of the dishes and the history behind Union House.  I think the quote on the back of their signature drinks and dessert card sums it up pretty well:"Eat local, Eat fresh, Eat seasonalMost Importantly, Drink Local"Union House American Kitchen is an easy pick for something different in the Western suburbs.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,8/11/2014,45,113,1,7,5>So my husband and I decided we would go out and celebrate with a little date night a few Saturdays back. On a whim, we stopped here after some good recommendations from friends and co-workers. Let's just say this was probably the best dinner date we've had all year!We started with the bowl of guacamole and chips. I was hesitant at first because I thought the guacamole was a little expensive. Once I tasted it, I was so glad we got it! It was so creamy and one of the best guacs you can find!The waiter was so nice, attentive and definitely seemed to enjoy his job. He told us the specials, of which we each ordered a different dish. They were both heavenly!  They were savory and you can tell the sauces were made in-house and with care.Around the time we were deciding to finish our food or splurge and order a dessert and take the rest of our food home, I checked in with my Yelp app. Every check in gives you a free dessert. Easy choice, we packed up our remaining meals and ordered the Tres Leches cake (after another great suggestion from our waiter). Umm, let's just say I would have licked the plate clean if we weren't in public.Our waiter was spot on, never over bearing but we never had an empty water or pop cup. Absolutely perfect service in my book! Something else I noticed when we were leaving, EVERY employee smiled, greeted us, or wished us a good evening while we were entering or leaving the restaurant. This made us feel so comfortable and made this a very inviting space. Overall I would suggest this place to anyone who will listen! The prices seemed fair, the food was delicious, impeccable service, and great atmosphere.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/10/2014,78,76,7,13,9>AH-MAZ-ING!!!!!!!!! Fire + Wine is definitely the best small plate/tapas style restaurant in the Chicagoland suburbs.  Located in the upcoming part of downtown Glen Ellyn, Fire + Wine was like a breath of fresh air.  I'm just going to start out by saying that I'm always weary of these up and coming HIPSTER-esque restaurants, I always feel that they fall way short of my expectations.  Fire + Wine did not disappoint! We were they for a birthday party, group of ten, on a Sunday night.  The place was packed and we had to wait for our whole party to arrive to be seated; they have a weird rule on reservations and seating.  At any rate, our server Kate was upbeat and knowledgeable of the wines and menu, giving us great recommendations.  They have so many tables for a small restaurant and it makes you wonder how everyone gets packed in there and also feels comfortable.  Shout out to the genius who decided to put purse/coat hooks for every available seat. Who puts designer bags on the floor? NOT I. Thank G for those hooks. The food was amazing and perfect for sharing, as most dishes are simply just small plates.  They even offer gluten-free pizza and pasta.  For appetizers, we started with zucchini fries, prosciutto di parma (artichoke, mozzarella, roasted peppers, prosciutto and toast with a balsamic sauce) and the grilled romaine salad.  The zucchini fries were crispy, salty and nothing short of delicious.  The prosciutto appetizer was also great and the balsamic sauce was a perfect addition to the plate.  The grilled romaine salad, recommended by the server, was excellent. For dinner, we all split a couple pasta and pizza dishes.  The owner came around to check on our table, he was very gracious and even sent over some meatballs on the house, which were delicious and like nothing I've had before- which is saying something coming from a Greek-Italian family. The homemade pasta was excellent, perfectly cooked as well as the pizzas.  The vodka sauce was the #1 vodka sauce I've ever had, so memorable and I'm SO coming back for more of that.  The pizza was traditional, more like a flat bread and so good.  The crust was perfect because it was not overpowering or too heavy of a dish.  Perfect for sharing.  Overall, FIRE + WINE is an excellent restaurant and worthy of recognition.  Excellent food, excellent staff...excellent restaurant!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,8/9/2014,270,833,10,14,10>I have been to a few Brazilian steak houses before, so this was not my first rodeo. I didn't know this place even existed until a few months ago! Basically it is just like the more expensive steak houses, except a few details.1. This place is about half the price. $27/ person for all-you-can-eat versus $50.2. This place is much smaller, both space wise and in the variety of food. The salad bar is limited compare to the other places I have been, and it seemed like they did not have as many varieties of meat.3. Instead of having individual 'yes I want more' or 'no, not now' meat coins, you have to decide as a table if you are ready for more meats or not. Not a big deal, but I prefer my own.Other than that, it was basically the same. Same side dishes, same varieties in drinks and desserts, and same concept. And they do have the grilled pineapple here (my favorite!). The service was pretty good, maybe not AS good as other places, but not bad. Our server did a good job of explaining how this works, and they were good about refilling drinks. The meat men could have been a little more friendly. If you want more of something, you can ask for it and they will make it. If you want the meat more rare or more well done, you can ask for that as well. I do recommend that you tell them, because they are supposed to ask but they usually don't. Make sure you don't fill up on the salad bar (which can be easy to do)! Get all your meats in first!I would come back if I was looking for a cheaper alternative to the normal places!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,8/8/2014,850,1294,8,17,17>Eating here kinda blows my mind each time and leaves me speaking in Doge. Such poutine. Amaze. Much craft. Such selection. Very delicious. Wow!We've come here about a handful of times and expect to make many future visits. This craft brew bar is practically in the same parking lot as AMC South Barrington 30, so we often grab a bite to eat before seeing a show.The downside:Long waits (typically 30-45+ min each time we've shown up), somewhat slow service (though not atrocious), sometimes a bit of a mix-up on orders (they're apologetic and correct it), and I think their fries are pretty weak.The upside:If it's just two of us then we've usually been able to grab a seat at the bar relatively quickly and you can order food there, our servers have all been very gracious, their poutine is pretty decent (even if the fries suck, IMO), the burgers are great (I highly recommend the Grilled Cheese Burger and The King), and they have a handful of their own beers, a great selection of other craft beers, and there are typically a couple hard ciders on tap. Their bottled beer choices are varied and extensive as well.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,8/7/2014,50,141,7,13,7>I've been hearing raves about Mariano's from my bro for months, so when a location opened up in Wheaton, I was pretty pumped to check it out. Here are my findings:- It's a solid grocery store, so it's got that going for it- The food court is boss. Gelato, pizza, a bakery, bbq, sushi....and soup! I didn't try the soup, but the prices were super reasonable. I actually did get the pizza and random stuff from their hot food bar. Both were pretty good, especially for a grocery store food court....and the absolute golden amazing thing that makes Mariano's over the top incredbile is.........when I walked to the cash register, I saw the cashier CLEANING THE CONVEYOR BELT. You heard me. It was breathtaking!The nasty food conveyor belt is one of the ultimo banes of my existence. How many nasty raw chicken germs, etc live on that thing when I place upon it my delicate produce and Special K? In my 15+ years of shopping for groceries, I have never witnessed a single cleaning of these nasty apparati - until my first visit to Mariano's. So. Dreamy.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,8/6/2014,63,167,5,8,6>Classic video games... check.Reasonable price... check.Return privileges (aka Ability to go for beers and come back) ... checkI love the variety of games available at Galloping Ghost.  As I walk up and down the aisles I constantly find a game that I didn't even know I remembered.  Due to lack of funds, I didn't spend much time in arcades when I was young back in the 80's, but a few trips gave me memories to last through the years.  I am also not particularly skilled at these old video games, which is why the unlimited play is awesome.This is not a place I would go often, but it is really nice to know it exists when I need to get my fix of Off Road.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,8/5/2014,69,261,1,15,7>AWESOME. Clara's used to be housed in a strip mall with block text advertising the name of the restaurant; you wouldn't know it was Italian (or a restaurant!) unless you looked it up. The new location is fantastic. While I believe it may be a bit smaller, the ambiance is much better. How they turned an old Krispy Kreme location to a beautiful Italian restaurant.If Clara's continues to thrive, they're going to need more tables in the bar. We had reservations for 7:30, and waited for nearly 40 minutes AFTER our reservation before we were seated. I can't knock a star down though for that - we were approached by both the manager and the owner and received two free appetizers for our wait. We weren't bothered, just ordered a few drinks at the bar as we waited. We were surprised when we were brought around the corner to our seats - we didn't realize the restaurant was as big as it was. It was cozy and comfortable.Our server, Melissa, was fantastic. Upbeat, and very nice. We started with the Goat Cheese Pizza as an appetizer as well as half fried, half grilled calamari. The pizza was fantastic. Huge slices and crispy crust. I could eat just this! The calamari was surprisingly good too. I've had lots of calamari, but this was a bit better than most. The grilled had a great flavor to it, and the fried was lightly breaded, so you could still taste the calamari. For dinner, I had the Shrimp Ersillia. I despise sun dried tomatoes, so I asked for regular. Melissa suggested I order either extra spinach or mushrooms instead, as fresh tomatoes may water down the sauce. The fact that she knew to recommend this and knew the dish/menu that well was super impressive. I so appreciated this! I ordered extra mushrooms and it was fantastic.Allow me to reiterate. I was with great company, but I could have literally moved to a corner and just ate in silence. This was so good, I didn't need conversation or company. It was creamy, garlic-y, salty and cheesey...so good. Very fresh. And LARGE! I had enough for a big lunch the following day...though I could have eaten this for weeks on-end. For dessert we ordered the tirimisu and the a chocolate cake that tasted like a lava cake. Both were delicious - the tirimisu was a little less chocolatey or coffee-tasting than I had expected but both were great.I can't wait to come back and support this small business. The new location is the icing on the cake!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,8/4/2014,119,254,1,9,9>This place is my go-to spot in Oak Park. I live just a few blocks away, and I love being so close to it. I've been a bunch of times, and even took my parents here twice. My dad, who loves oysters but is a very tough critic, always begs to go to Poor Phil's when he drops by. He says they're the best oysters he's ever had, and like I said, he's a tough critic!I've had a multitude of the dishes, and can recommend a few. The lobster quesadilla (which is sort of a seasonal special so not always available) sounds a little weird but is so good, and it doesn't skimp on the lobster. I also love the guaca-burger -- it's the first burger I've ever had topped with guacamole, and the first time I had it, I wondered why I hadn't thought of it before it's so crazy delicious. Also, for you vegetarians out there, my boyfriend said their black bean burger (available as a substitute on any burger) is the best he's had. And their tater tots are pretty exceptional, at least in my opinion. I can't stand soggy tots, and theirs are always hot, fresh, and crispy. The Po'Boys are also super. The only thing I've ever gotten that hasn't been great is the Fish n Chips. Not that the taste was bad, but the batter just got a little bit soggy and ended up falling apart a bit.But back to the good, their salads and soups are also very good. I also can't talk about Poor Phil's without talking about their extensive beer selection. I'm a sucker for a huge beer menu, and theirs is quite nice. They also have a hand pump, and have a special beer each day on it, available until it's gone.Largely, service is decent, but to be honest, I don't come here for the service. Every time I've ever sat at the bar, I've ended up making friends with my barstool neighbors.The music played in the bar always matches my taste, and I could spend a whole day in here (in fact, I did once). They always have Chicago sports on the TV, and during the playoffs for any particular team, they turn on the TV volume so you can hear the commentating.Oh and ladies, check out the photos of naked dudes in the women's bathroom.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/3/2014,45,515,2,9,4>I live a few blocks from the Onion Roll, so I eat here frequently.  My favorite day to visit is Tuesday, as I love the split pea soup with croutons.  Yummmm!  I am also a fan of the egg salad sandwich, any of the deli meat sandwiches, and the matzo ball soup (it will cure even the worst cold!).  One of the best things is that the Onion Roll now has added a new machine for making lattes, so I don't have to go far for my caffeine fix.  With the new coffees, they have also added high end teas, and the selection is fabulous for those of us who need to get our zen on in the afternoon!  The staff is efficient and super, super friendly.  It makes you feel good about eating locally when you are treated in such a friendly manner.  Many of the staff members have been there for YEARS!  That is refreshing to see and a treat.  The location is convenient at North and Woodbine, with easy parking in front and around the corner.  It is a great choice if going to Wonder Works Children's Museum (down the street) or if going to any activities at nearby Mann School or Field or Lindberg Parks.  This is a great place to meet a friend, dine alone, or take the family!  Enjoy!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/2/2014,344,146,7,11,8>I love me some Naf Naf.  Unfortunately, the closest location to my house is this one in Rosemont, which isn't conveniently close for me.  But when the Naf Naf craving calls, I must pick up.I have been to this location a few times now and my food has been delicious every time.  I usually go with a hummus spread bowl (rather than with salad or rice).  I top it with falafel, all the veggies, & tahini.  Yum!  I could seriously lick the bowl clean.  Served with the bowl is their perfectly soft pita bread, that leaves me debating whether or not to buy a bag to bring home every time.  Their pita bread is the best.The staff is usually friendly.  On our last visit, the girl that was working seemed to have an attitude about her.  I mean I guess I'd be pissed too if someone had left a huge hickey on my neck to mark their territory.  Take that tude up with him, not your customers.  I can handle the 50 cents for extra falafel, but I don't like the fact that adding a scoop of baba ganoush to my bowl is $1.89 (at least that's what the girl told me on this last visit).  Maybe 50 cents to 1 dollar would be more fair.  They could also use some better drink options.Overall, I love getting food from Naf Naf Grill and plan to return.  I just hope they open one even closer to home soon!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,8/1/2014,157,219,6,4,4>I really love Pete's. I do. I love their huge produce selection. I love that the produce selection offers produce that doesn't go bad in two days. I love the cheese selection. They carry Saint Angel on the regular, and THAT'S something I can get behind. I love the deli choices and the great deals. It's a huge conglomerate of awesome.My only reason for the -1 star? The cashier totally didn't want to let me have my OCD way. All I ask out of a grocery store is this: Good food. Reasonable prices. A variety of fancy cheeses. And allowing me to bag my own groceries without (visible) judgement.Unfortunately, though I repeatedly told the cashier that I was crazy (literally) and had OCD tendencies (fact) and needed to bag my own groceries, save I have a panic attack in the middle of the store (please, God, no). And she argued with me. And kept trying to bag my own groceries. Le sigh. You can't win 'em all.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/31/2014,58,86,3,8,6>An incredibly long list of brews, great food, and live music on weekends!  The beer menu is about 10x's the length of the food menu - prepare yourself.  They do offer pairing suggestions on their food menu and they are willing to give you tasting samples so that you are confident in what you choose to put in a pint. Each of their draft beer includes a beer classification, description, ABV, and serving glass.For food, we ordered the fried asparagus, bratwurst, and the BBQ burger.  The deep fried asparagus was difficult to eat because the stem was too fibrous for the finger food appetizer it was being presented in.  The garlic aoli was awesome!  I actually asked for an additional side of it so I could dip chips and fries in it!  YUM!  The brat is served with grilled onions and sauerkraut all on a pretzel roll.  I would highly recommend ordering this!The Beer Market is a great place for a good bite, new beer, and the live music is an added bonus.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,7/30/2014,56,402,4,6,4>This wasn't our original pick for brunch, but I'm glad the place next door was closed.It seems to be new, since I'm pretty sure it was something different less than a year ago. Ari was our waiter, and apparently the owner as well.The setup inside is small, and has a country type feel. However, if you can "not judge a book by it's cover" then you can genuinely appreciate this restaurant. It's not set up like a 5 star restaurant, but the low cost, customer service, and delicious food make up for it.I honestly don't know if we've had better service. Anywhere. We've had $100 meals where the service wasn't as good as the service we received here.First of all, my breakfast was $4.95. 2 eggs, delicious homemade hash browns, and raisin toast. My fiancé had 2 eggs, bacon, and french toast for $7.95. Very cheap!And, it was delicious. The eggs were buttery and fantastic. They also make their own butter and various jams.There are stencils on the wall that say things like "We don't own a microwave" or "we don't use added salt" which is a little odd. That being said, you can tell they take pride in their food. It is a great home cooked meal. Also, when we had finished our meal, he asked if we were full and had enough. He asked us if we wanted refills...on our food! It was crazy for us to be so welcomed and we felt that was a grand gesture that he really wanted to make the customers happy. I definitely recommend anyone to visit here!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,7/29/2014,204,102,4,5,5>I'm a fan! Came here after going to the Dupage Children's museum and we got here right before the mad rush with a wait out the door. My husband and I shared the sampler platter with spicy brussels sprouts and fresh cut fries, my daughter and son shared the kid's meal 2 sliders (brisket and pulled pork) with cornbread and we devoured our meal. The sampler platter was $21.99 and came with brisket, pulled pork, pulled chicken, 2 chicken wings, 2 ribs, spicy sausage, 2 q puppies, and 2 sides. We ate about 3/4 of it and took the rest home. Our favorite was the wing (you didn't need a sauce for it, it was delicious just the way it is) and the brisket was also good. The ribs was probably our least favorite, it was dry and tough to get down. I loved the brussels sprouts, it had a kick and was definitely not healthy (tons of oil which is probably what made it yummy but I'm a fan of regular brussels sprouts as well). The fries were good but nothing spectacular. The cornbread was also good, my children devoured it. We also had a side of mashed potatoes with gravy, that was also good and had lots of flavor. Q puppies were fried perfectly and really flavorful, probably the best hush puppies I've had here in Illinois. My friends had the burnt ends and it was delicious. Definitely something I'd recommend.We got here at 5:00 on a Saturday and it got packed by 5:15. The food came out fairly quickly and they take your plate for you at the end of your meal which is a nice touch. I'll definitely be coming here again the next time I'm in the area!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/28/2014,92,197,3,6,5>There is something seductive about Russell's BBQ. Maybe, it is the bunker like building that produces pulled pork just like you wish your grandma used to make it. Maybe, it is the knowledge that nothing there will ever change. Maybe, it is the old school soft buns and the fact that the portions and the prices have not been supersized. I think it is the melodic mix of whatever made it so popular in the past and still keeps it going today. Oh, and the BBQ sauce.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,7/27/2014,180,420,3,11,4>I found Quality Window Tinting on Yelp and I thought I'd give them a shot.  The goal was to tint my wife's car because the sun really overheats my daughter's car seat and bothers her eyes.  We were using sunshades but decided to give it a shot.  I went legal 35% all around with the ceramic tint which gives even more heat protection.So far the quality on the work is excellent.  It looks like it was done at the factory.  No bubbles whatsoever.  I don't think I will have any problems.The entire process took about 2 hours.  It was Saturday morning and the place was pretty busy.  I was one of the first people there so I got a spot on the couch watching some x games.  Greg was very professional, yet laid back and friendly.  Not too salesy, and you could tell he enjoys his work.I would gladly go back and tell everyone I know to go here.  I'm not sure if it was because of the holidays or weather but I was also able to squeeze in a Saturday morning appointment even though I only called 5 days earlier.  Awesome.Oh yeah, depending on your map service, it may give you the wrong address.  It's actually about a block or so west of 59.  Right north of butterfield on a frontage industrial strip mall.  Seriously, check it out.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/26/2014,646,300,12,15,12>I managed to convince my mother not to cook an Easter dinner. Then I managed to convince my whole family to celebrate a day early. Since I told everyone we should Chama Gaucha it up Saturday evening, everyone was on board. Upon walking in I noticed a photo I took back in 2010 that was printed on a plaque by the Chicago Tribune. My name was on there as a photo credit. I did feel special I ain't gonna lie...LOL!We had reservations for a party of six and seated in the back area private room. At first my mother was a bit hesistant thinking the service may be slow since we were hidden. All I have to say to that was "THEY ABSOLUTELY KNEW WHERE WE WERE". There is not a bad seat in the house. The servers took care of us as if we were royalty. My pops is a talker and of course he made friends with everyone filling his plate. It actually got to a point where the green and red flip cards were irrelevant. The meats just kept on coming and my family just kept on smiling and grabbing.The cuts of meats ranging from medium, medium rare to well is worth every dollar. My mother can not stand to eat or look at any meats less than well done. She sees pink on the meat and she will freak out. Since my mother loves me I demanded she try the arracherra cooked medium. She willing agreed and admitted that Chama Gaucha is the only place she has ever enjoyed less than well done steak. I made her a believer and I didn't get punched.On side note I totally forgot that 18% gratuity is automatically included in the bill. I included by accident an additional 25% totaling a crazy 43% tip. Thank goodness the hostess returned with my change and mentioned I over paid. I am thankful for their honesty and respect. Food coma activated and it was a wonderful early Easter dinner :)
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,7/25/2014,55,113,5,7,6>I'm dieing to meet the little old Italian grandma back in the kitchen churning out all the AMAZING food! Literally everything looks phenomenal, fresh, and tasty! I had no idea where to start or what to order so I told a lady that looked as though she's a regular that this was my first tie and her eyes opened wide and I could just read her mind, "oh my god, prepare to be blown away young man." She was just rattling off all her favorite dishes and she basically named everything there. I ended up ordering a loaf of bread, pepperoni roll, two slices of the thin crust pan pizza, and 1 arancini with ricotta/spinach and 1 w/the traditional beef/peas. Honestly,  everything was off the hook! The bread had a nice crispy crust and a soft interior. I would recommend heating up the pepperoni roll for a little bit in the microwave to soften it up a little bit. The thin crust pizza had a nice and fresh sauce, slices of mozzarella, fresh basil, and crust  that was soft on inside but crisp on the outside. My favorite was the arancini. Deep fried rissotto that encases delicious fillings....my first time having arancinis and not the last. Both were bomb and I'll never forget this first encounter.... Friendly service and CHEAP! My total bill came out to $16 and some change...keep in mind ordered enough food for 2.5/3 people..... I will be back!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,7/24/2014,91,83,4,7,6>Can I add more stars? I should start a petition with yelp so there are more than 5 stars.Let me start this on a cheesy note and say that Ai means love in Japanese. Well I have major love for this place. It was my third time here.  I am going to be that weirdo that calls her friends to pretend to care and wants to catch up so we could go to this place. This place is THAT good. Don't let the location fool you. It's very easy to overlook it as it is in a weird plazza. It is not a big place but it's very cozy. Dark but not dark enough to make it look like a disco. Our server was very fast and very attentive. The sushi came out pretty fast as well and the restaurant was full. Went in with a friend and we had 5 rolls. Smokey bear, millennium maki, special spicy tuna, tornado sunrise and puff wrapped ahi. ALL rolls were great. It was very fresh. The presentation was pretty kick a** too. Very beautifully put together.  I absolutely love this place. By far one of the best sushi places around.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,7/23/2014,131,471,3,6,5>Ever since my +1 suggested it, I was STOKED to try Zenwich!  First glance at the menu - and the lovely Candice's review - confirmed the presence of many veggie options!  Score!The location is in a strip mall and has a smallish interior.  It seems most folks took take out orders, but a few - like us - stayed and enjoyed our dinner.  The owner was very nice - he not only explained the menu to us, but showed us sizes that helped us decide what to order/what we could share.  He also chatted with my +1 at the end of the night and, even though we accidentally stayed a little past closing - was chatty and welcoming.We ordered the calamari strips to share.  I really enjoyed the crust and how large they were (I'd only had calamari slices before).  The sauce was delicious!After much deliberation (and some apprehension about just HOW spicy the tofu might be..), I ordered the Crabby Yola (crab cake) sandwich. It had a nice blend of flavors, especially with the baby greens and basil sauce.  Knowing it wouldn't keep well without getting soggy the next day, I forced my +1 to finish the rest of it with me! :)  My +1 got the ROI (Chicken Teriyaki). The flavors were good, but I think the chicken was a tad on the dry side.  The ginger slaw was OK (a bit runnier than I like), but I really enjoyed the home made chips - they had a great spice!The owner gave me a stamp card for my next visits.  I'll have to come back and try the Wasabi Coleslaw and also see when they have a special on Spicy Tofu, since I'm feeling brave! :)
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,7/22/2014,352,448,1,7,7>El Salvadorean food in Lake Zurich? Even more surprising, good El Salvadorean food in Lake Zurich? I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't try it myself. My boyfriend discovered this place based on the great Yelp reviews and it does not disappoint. We both ordered combo plates so we could try a little bit of everything. I had a traditional pupusa and beef pastel while he had the pork/bean pupusa and tamale. I thought a pupusa was a type of sandwich but it's actually more like a savory stuffed pancake. The pastel was similar to a empanada but with a crispier shell. Everything we ordered was very tasty and prepared fresh to order. The yucca fries, fried plantains and passion fruit juice were also a big hit with us. I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,7/21/2014,436,333,4,12,7>I had this place bookmarked for a while and remembered when we were in the area.   We were looking for a place to get food and beer, so we decided to drive over and check it out.    At 4pm on a Saturday, the place was empty.   I have a feeling that it gets packed later.There is a ton of beers on tap and the bartender was great - knowledgeable and helpful.   I don't know a lot about beer, and usually just order what I know and like.   He recommended something to me (don't remember the name) and it turned out to be great.   Two of my friends got the beer flights - which is a great option.   They had this chocolate mint stout that was incredible.So, the place does not serve food, bummer.  But, they had menus from all the places up and down Olde Western in which you can order from and bring in.  Mario's tacos is directly across the street, so we ordered from there and brought it over.The place is just cool.  They have several pin ball machines and a few old school arcade games.  They also had an assortment of board games (Life, Risk, Connect Four, etc.) that you could help yourself to and play.This is a place I would come back to and if you are in the area, be sure to stop by!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/20/2014,86,198,5,14,10>"Gourmet" cupcakes historically have elicited a bit of an eye roll from me, as I've always been the kind of guy who just buys the neon frosted four pack at Wal-Mart in the rare instance that I'm craving cupcakes. I see what all the fuss is about now though, and even though they're way more expensive than the nuclear Wal-Mart variety I'm used to, the cupcakes from Smallcakes are infinitely better.I picked up a half dozen on the way to my friends' house with a variety of what was available at the time, and they liked them so much they ended up picking up cupcakes from Smallcakes instead of getting an actual birthday cake for a family function a few days later. Also relevant, they have a birthday cake cupcake flavor which was amazing.Anyway, if like me, your reaction to the notion of gourmet cupcakes is "Really?" you owe it to yourself to give these a spin.It's worth mentioning exactly WHERE this place is as my car's GPS wasn't entirely accurate. (I should probably get the maps updated finally.) Smallcakes is in the tiny strip mall immediately west of the Jewel at Washington and Ogden. My car thought it was closer to where the Dairy Queen and Ace Hardware are for some dumb reason.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,7/19/2014,119,128,5,6,9>"Look at this stuff, isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collection's complete? Wouldn't you think I'm the girl...The girl who has everything? " - The Little Mermaid song, I am now basically a Little Mermaid... I LOVE MY NEW locks, and feel like the girl, the girl who has everythiiing thanks to amazing hair colorist Marie at the Life Spa!I LOVE the Aveda Life Spa in Life Time Fitness!I was initially nervous about switching from the colorist I have used for the last couple years at the Asha Aveda Salon in Streets of Woodfield, but she was gone on Maternity leave, and I needed a new lady, fast!  (Not dissing Asha Aveda, still a very nice salon, just wanted to try somewhere new)So I spoke to the manager Casey, a lovely sweetheart who never forgets a face, (or hair!) and showed her pictures of what I would like to have done, and asked her who she would recommend to best fit and be most comfortable to help me achieve the specific look I wanted (see my pics I posted here!) and she immediately, and without question recommended "Marie" for me!  I do believe Marie is a "Senior Stylist" or something similar to that and let me tell you, she has mad skills!  Jamie at the front desk patiently helped me search through Marie's schedule to find a time soon that matched up with my schedule, I just couldn't wait any longer, I was dying to get my hair color done...just beyond excited!  I was able to get in very soon, it was like 2 days later, for a very early morning appointment on account of my very long very thick hair.When I arrived that morning, Marie greeted me and seated me down in her station, and I pulled out my photos, and my pinterest board pictures of ohh about 100 pics of inspiration for the right shade of red, and the look I wanted to achieve.  I was so nervous because I've seen the communication go so wrong before between client and stylist, and they end up just doing what they think will be "best" without listening to what their client truly wants... I don't mean here, or even the other Aveda in Schaumburg, just... previously... and it's horrifying, especially for such a big, drastic, bright change! You want it to go smoothly...AND IT ABSOLUTELY DID! WITHOUT A HITCH!!!She showed me their hair color sample swatches and once she had a good idea of exactly the red shade I had in mind, she popped in the back to quickly mix up the custom color, while I looked in the mirror and said farewell to my faithful all blonde locks.The girl working at reception (who's name now slips my mind, I'm so sorry, I'm usually really good at making mental note of names so I can mention their amazing work in my reviews!) offered me a beverage, and she even went over to the LifeCafe to grab me a coffee (on account of it being hella-early morning... well, in my book... this girl needed some coffee stat) which was delish, I have never had coffee from the LifeCafe in LTF before, and it did not disappoint! Once the color was mixed, Marie and I got to chatting, like ladies do when at the salon, and she is a super cool chick!  We had a good time learning about each other's lives as our sure to be long-time client-stylist relationship blossomed, and she was painting what looked like blood on my head, wasn't weird at all, because I was so super excited, and felt I trusted her to help me with the super fun red-blonde ombre look I wanted! (again, check out the pix.. before & after.. omg love it!)Once all the color was applied, I only had to sit for like... 15 minutes maybe? for it to finish processing, can't remember the exact time... then it was time to head back to the bowl to wash out!Having someone else wash your hair feels simply maaagical.. like a mini-massage for your scalp...Marie custom chose from their long line of products my shampoo & conditioner, and I learned that since Red is the fastest color to fade, washing it in cool/cold water will help lock in the color longer, and fade less... AWESOME! After washing all the color out, we headed back to her station where she round-brushed-blow-dried my hair into the most beautiful, sleek style... once it was finally starting to dry I could see the finished color...andOHH MAAHH GOSH! IT WAS PERFECT!EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED!!! EXACTLY!!!I was so relieved, and elated at my new look, it seriously could have turned to a scary shade, or had the risk to look something fiercely funky, but Marie's expert skills made it absolutely 100% perfect and just what I wanted!I cannot thank her enough, I LOVE LOVE LOOOOVE IT!!! I absolutely will be back to entrust the coloring of my little mermaid locks to her skillful hands!Give 'em a try, they have great prices, and the Life Spa is staffed by a wonderful group of ladies!Thank you for an absolutely amazing experience! :-D
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,7/18/2014,149,479,7,21,11>An independent coffeehouse in the suburbs?!  Yes, please!  You no longer need to get your java fix from certain a certain big-box coffee shop that dominates that area.The space is a renovated garage with an interior similar to the independent coffeehouses in the city.  The space is comprised in four parts.  You see the coffee bar right when you walk in.  The chalkboard menu and has illustrations of the different espresso drinks you can order.  They also have a specialty espresso drink, which currently is the Mint Mocha.  You can find information about the specialty espresso drink on their Facebook page or on a board posted by the old school register.  There is a small sitting room immediately to your left when you walk in.  A comfy couch and chairs occupy the area.  A selection of books is displayed on hidden bookshelves on the wall.  An old library card holder is converted to the station where you can customize your drink with milk and/or sugar.  I love the quote board on it and make sure to read it each time I visit.  Make sure to check out the large cork board for postings and advertisements for various local events or services.  The main seating area which is in the renovated garage space.  Be forewarned that there aren't many seats so you may not be able to enjoy your beverage inside the shop.I have only sampled their Mint Mocha and Mocha.  The drinks do not taste overly sweet or artificial either.  You can taste the espresso.  I also love how the baristas decorate the top of your drink with foam art.  I've had a heart and a leaf drawn on the tops of my drinks.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The place may have a hipster vibe to it, but the snooty better-than-thou hipster attitude definitely does not exist at this place.  They  use the Square system for payment so you can have your receipt emailed to you if you want.Another awesome aspect to this coffeehouse is their work with local businesses.  For example, their donuts come from Lee Donuts, a Libertyville donut shop.  They also had Holcomb Hallow, a Mundelein jam and baked bread company on site selling their products.  They have also hosted events by Art Rave, a local social painting company where you can paint a picture led by a trained instructor while sipping on some coffee.My only gripe is that the price for my medium, skim milk, no whip Mint Mocha seems to change daily depending on which employee rings up my drink.  I would assume that it costs more than a regular Mocha, but I can't be too sure.  So, perhaps putting prices for the specialty espresso drink would be a good thing.Bottom line: support this local coffeehouse!  Check this place out instead of your big-box coffeehouse!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,7/17/2014,428,1216,5,10,7>This ENT office, run by Adventist Health Partners, helped me with my chronic throat pain.  I saw Dr. Keith Lertsburapa, who was a young, casual guy, but with great knowledge, a wonderful bedside manner, and GENTLE.Given my symptoms, I needed a laryngoscopy, which involves snaking a thin cord down the nose so they can see the vocal chords.  When they said they needed to do this, I got a chill.  But the assistant quickly assured me that the process wasn't painful, and it was quick.  And she was right.  I got some anesthetic nasal spray, and the instrument easily went down, and Dr. Lertsburapa could see the chords right away.Afterwards, the explanation of my condition and how to fix it was simple yet thorough.The office staff was polite and friendly.  The billing was also non-confrontational, which has been my complaint about Edward for the 15+ years I've had to deal with them.  The building itself isn't fancy, but this is pretty far down my list of priorities - I want great physicians.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,7/16/2014,154,291,4,9,8>At first I didn't want to try this place out because I am not into sweets for breakfast. We ordered Skillets and were very surprised with how good they were (avocado on a skillet is amazing...well avocado on anything is amazing!) Beware the skillets are smaller than most but I did not mind. Think portion control! A plus is that it had more of our toppings instead of potatoes. Oh and the potatoes...were good..just right!Service was great, coffee good, definitely family friendly because there were so many little ones.Get here early because there is quite a wait on weekends.Take note that this is not a place to have breakfast with your friends to sit around and chat. The place is loud (kid friendly) and is very busy (after 10am) on weekends. However, this is a place you come to enjoy some good breakfast. :-)
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/15/2014,771,552,6,9,6>La Hacienda de los Fernandez has been a staple in the Addison location for a while now. They have an awesome outdoor area and their margaritas are fab. So I decided to go here for lunch one day, I mean I've never lunched during their lunch hour. I was really looking forward to the soup they offer with their dinner meals. So we walked in and to our surprise there was a lunch buffet. I thought "wtf, I'm not going to get my soup". Should have looked at the buffet before speaking. They had so many of my favs: enchiiladas, rice, beans, fajitas, chicken milanesa, taco meat, tortillas for the meat and even seafood entrees! So awesome! Unfortunately I'm horrible at all you can eat. My eyes are definitely bigger than my stomach. Is that how that phrase goes?Their dinners are pretty on point too. Keep in mind, this is a Mexican American restaurant so don't go in there expecting Abuela Maria's homemade meals, but it's pretty good for what it is. And like I said.....Margaritas are FAB! So don't leave without drinking one. You're welcome. :)
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/14/2014,1337,181,5,17,12>I absolutely love the Riverwalk. I have been coming here since I was a kid and now I come with my husband and our dogs. There is always something to do. I love the paddle boats or coming out here for picnics with friends and family. The town always has events at the Riverwalk too, especially for kids like storybook readings or face painting.The river is beautiful and lined with stores and restaurants more towards the downtown area. When you go a little further past centennial beach, you have a few parks here and there but mainly trails. It is a great path to hit if you are a runner. Winter or summer, the Riverwalk is absolutely stunning and a must-see/do when visiting Naperville.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/13/2014,359,353,8,16,10>First, I need to start off by saying that I am the anti-bride. I'm just not that girl.  Although I'm super girly and love everything fashion - planning a wedding gives me hives. Just the thought of having to buy a wedding dress made me pop a Xanax and drink a dirty martini. I mean, just watching "Say Yes to the Dress" gives me a panic attack. Not to mention, this isn't my first rodeo and I know what a pain wedding planning and dress shopping can be.So, when trying to figure out where to begin when finding a wedding dress I weighed out my options. I knew there was no way in hell I would attempt a David's or House of Brides, but I wasn't quite ready to make a trip down to Ultimate Bride for a Monique Lhuillier or Vera Wang gown. Yes it's important to go all out for a wedding, but I'm also a realist. - I'm only wearing that dress for 8 hours. So, naturally I scoured Yelp which led me to Here Comes the Bride.I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. Not only did I purchase the 4th gown I tried on, but the service was unbelievable. It was laid back and intimate. I never once felt uncomfortable or pressured to buy a dress. My consultant was happy to provide her opinion - but in the most tactful way. She pulled dresses that fit what I was looking for, and encouraged me to try on dresses that I normally wouldn't have selected for myself.I also loved that they had dresses in every size. With the way bridal gowns are cut, not everyone fits in their sample size 6. I was able to try on dresses that actually fit me so I could get a really good idea about how they would look on my wedding day.If you're looking for the champagne popping, over-the-top experience at a salon with 5,000 dresses, where your consultant is gong to woo you into a $7,000 gown, Here Comes the Bride isn't for you. What you will get is one-on-one attention with a professional, helpful consultant who will help find the right dress for you - not the one with the highest price tag.I would highly recommend Here Comes the Bride over and over again. This little mom-and-pop bridal shop knows just the right way to treat their brides. And as for this anti-bride, I may have just softened up to the whole wedding experience after purchasing my dress.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/12/2014,2184,1339,19,31,25>Amazingness has come to S-Town! As the reigning duchess of Schaumburg (self appointed, mind you), I'm beyond ecstatic to see such a fabulous event come to my kingdom. And it's going to be here every month this summer (sans July), you say? Well this is going to be fun!Toasty Cheese organizes this event and it's the most well thought out food truck meet up I've ever been to....And I've done my fair share. I went this past Friday right at opening time 4pm and that's the time to get there to beat the lines. All the trucks were there right on time, actually before 4pm hit. This past Friday the trucks there were:Toasty CheeseBridgeport PastyChicago CupcakeGrill ChasersGia Via CupcakesBest Truckin BBQChicago Pizza BossPizza ViaMariani's Gelato ItalianoGino's Steak TruckThe food truck lineup will be rotating which is great because it will keep me coming every month! I can bet my bottom dollar that Toasty Cheese will be there every month though.This event is seriously perfect with a plethora of food options, ample seating, a separate area to purchase swill beer (ca$h only), music plus some cooking demonstrations. 'Twas a really good cooking demonstration by Chef Paul in which my friends and I all agreed we learned some good home cook tips. Each month is going to have a theme and for May it was Hoedown! As in cowboys and cowgirls, not some chick that done fell down. I saw a few people with hats on but they played country music and had haystacks around to really drive the theme home. I left about 6pm and it was packed with long lines abound and friendly faces here & there.My only gripe - Portion sizes! They were huge. I know, I know, who complains about the portions being too big?!  It would be more awesome if more trucks had smaller sizes though for sampling. A cupcake is a cupcake I suppose, but huge sandwiches make you so full, you can't try anything else! Props to Best Truckin' BBQ for offering cheaper, smaller portions on a couple items.Now keep in mind I split these items with friends so wasn't a complete mountain beast consuming all 96352 calories associated with these nomz. But here's the damage I did:Veggie pasty from Bridgeport Pasty - a must get!Chef's choice ($9) grilled cheese from Toasty Cheese - If I just put " "  to symbolize this is also a 'must get' is that lame? Duck bacon!Pulled Pork Sandwich from Best Truckin' BBQ - Delicious and really friendly guys!Korean BBQ Chicken meatballs ($5) and Mac & Cheese ($3.50) from Grill Chasers - I didn't taste the Korean-ness in the balls but liked the various textures in the mac & cheese.I'm obsessed with Chicago Cupcake so you best believe I grabbed me a couple of those before I hit the road. Other Quick Notes -They allow dogs. My friends both brought their pups.Most places take credit cards, but a few are cash only. Check with the individual food truck.They don't announce the exact food trucks prior, so go & hope for the best! Bring your own water to save yourself some $$$.Truckin' Around is a must go to event this summer! Mark your calendar and be ready at the Schaumburg Boomers parking lot (free parking!) -June 27th - AmericanaAugust 29th - Pool PartySeptember 26th - FiestaOctober 31st - HalloweenSee y'all there!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,7/11/2014,1546,338,45,49,50>The Donut Sirens Are Calling YouWhere do I begin?Fresh And Delicious Donuts Are Sold Here!!!!It was a Sunday afternoon and I was looking through yelp and noticed that Lee Donuts is open until at least 9 pm. My wife and I decided to make a donut run and grab a couple of donuts. It's been a while since I had been here when I read Kim B's review that stated that this place has recently changed ownership. It's not like I wasn't a fan but the donuts were just okay. I also read Christina S's and Meghan H's reviews and thought it was time to go back. Thank you lady's for the great reviews. You're like sirens calling people into this place, except instead of crashing in to unseen rocks underneath the treacherous waters you are calling people (and me) in to this great unassuming donut shop.I went with a Buttermilk Old Fashioned donut, a Sour Cream donut and an Apple Fritter. Buttermilk Old Fashioned Donut:The Buttermilk Old Fashioned donut was a dense cake type donut about the size of my fist with a honey glaze on top. Good to have with a tall glass of milk.Sour Cream Donut:The Sour Cream donut was very nice. It was perfectly made with a nice chewy crust and a flaky, delicious cake on the inside. It reminded me of the old days and how donuts should be made.Apple Fritter:I have to say that the Apple Fritter was fantastic. Meghan H. hits the nail on the head with her description of this Apple Fritter. I'm only a novice compared to her but believe me you wont go wrong with this one, Because it is awesome, fantastically delicious, fresh and so much more I can't describe the feeling that came over me when I started to eat my Apple Fritter. I was hoping that my wife wasn't going to ask me to taste it but if she did ask I would let her because maybe she would pick some on her way home.Jennifer L, I know it's been about a year since you've been here last but I think that it's worth a return trip if you're in the area.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,7/10/2014,20,133,4,7,4>I've gone to Quigley's fairly regularly over the nearly 15 years it's been open and the food is good, they have a great selection of tap choices, and the atmosphere is good inside or outside (when the weather is right).The Irish dishes are good and hearty-sauces on everything are as well, which tells a lot about a restaurant.  My most recent trip included a staple-Reuben Rolls, as well as their nightly special ($5 fish and chips) and some Sam Adams Rebel IPA.  My friend enjoyed it and said it was one of the best Irish pubs he's been to and he travels often for work.Service is usually decent and there is plenty of parking nearby as it's in a good location-1/2 block east of Washington-so no neighboring establishments open in the evening.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,7/9/2014,85,355,1,10,6>We got to go here as part of a Living Social deal for a vodka tasting. Pulling up, the place looked a little small. I didn't know what to expect, but ended up being pleasantly surprised. Owned by a young couple and their partner, this place was a little nicer than I thought it would be. It has a bar and a few tables, and an area for a band to set up.  We took a table in their second room for our tasting, and were presented a menu with 8 options. You could do all 8 cocktails or trade in 4 of them for a full size. We decided to try them all. I'm not much on vodka, but I have to say, I enjoyed this! It was a nice variety of mixed drinks, straight vodka and martini options. It was very smooth. Service was a little slow- they were preparing for a party, but the husband and wife both came over to serve us and were super friendly. We ordered the cheese tray- an assortment of Wisconsin cheeses, which was a good compliment to the drinks. That would be the only thing I would recommend. The rest is just frozen pizzas and low quality college dorm-type food. But hey, they are focused on the vodka! Can't knock them on that, but if they could get a chef to make fresh food, I think it would take them to the next level!They have lots of vodka options, their full price drinks weren't that pricy- from $3 it looked like. You can buy vodka by the bottle as well, they were 26-28/bottle.It was a big hike for us to go there, but it was a super fun experience and I would totally go again!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,7/8/2014,69,457,4,8,7>This is one of my husband's favorite places for lunch with coworkers- he's been here probably 100 times over the years. Last week was my first time- we tried it for dinner. It's a cool looking place- a little confusing walking through to find the order counter- but a neat looking place. They have a wide menu- a lot to choose from. We got the onion blossom appetizer- it was OK- easier to pull part than those at other restaurants, and it came with the biggest container of homemade ranch dressing- that was confusing- there was almost more dressing than onion and the onion was big! I wonder if anyone actually eats all of it. We also got the soup of the day- chicken with dumplings- I LOVED this soup- it was thick and so delicious- that made the visit worth it for me. I wasn't crazy about the little loaf of cornbread we tried- it was very dry and stale. The coleslaw had good flavor but was more torn than shredded and had some bad parts of lettuce/cabbage in it. My husband had the special of the day which was a pig sandwich (BBQ pork)- he loves the BBQ sauce they have on the tables and always goes for the spicy kind. Apparently the BBQ sauce is more smoky than sweet. The service was good and the music they played was really fun- a blend of oldies.Overall it was good- the soup was awesome- my husband loved his sandwich- fun atmosphere.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,7/7/2014,452,173,10,13,9>They don't do a lot, but they do it great!I've been all twisted up because last Friday; my wife Lisa and I were going to go here from her appointment at Central DuPage... Unfortunately, her appointment ran late and I had to run to my next appointment. So she went to Gnarly Knot's without me! She had a cheese pretzel and french onion soup.. said it was excellent... (insert eyeroll)Lisa was asking what I wanted to do for lunch today... she threw ou a couple of ideas.. so me (feeling a bit salty) said that I might just run over to Gnarly Knots later."I want to go" was her reply... and so it was..Today (Wednesday) is BRISKET Stuffed Pretzel day. Yup, you read that right. So that's what we got, along with the Garlic Mashed Potato Soup, a Big Honking Chocolate Chip Cookie of Delightfulness, a container of their Chili (frozen, for later) and two bags of their Pretzel Chips.The pretzels were crazy good, as was the soup.They only have one special a day, but I could happily eat any and all of them, I'm knotty that way.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,7/6/2014,421,397,44,51,47>In driving through Carpentersville a friend of mine wanted to take me to a hot dog stand he had seen so I could give it a try, and a review. As we approved the restaurant a fairly commonly found statue of a giant hot dog applying ketchup to himself so no one would want to eat him was visible right in front. Soon after I walked in I discovered that the name "Just Hot Dogs" is a lie as they have fries, Italian beef sandwiches and tamales. I placed my order for a hot dog and fries and within a few minutes my food was ready.The hot dog here came on a regular non-poppy seeded bun. The bun was well steamed, soft and just a little bit greasy. The sausage used was a natural casing dog that was heated very well. The relish and onion applied to the dog were perfect fits though the hot dog was a little light on mustard. I did not detect any celery salt on it, but it's possibly it could have been applied sparingly. The sport peppers were evenly applied through the length of the hot dog and a long and thick pickle and two large tomato slices were right next to it. The pickle was a little bit on the thick side and the tomato slices were a little too watery, but outside of that this was an excellent hot dog. The bigger star of the show here was the french fries. Normally when I see fresh cut fries I cringe. The reason being around 90% of the time the only way to salvage them is to add chilli, cheese or some combination of the two. These were some of the best tasting fresh cut fries I've come across. Whatever they cook them in gives it more of a sweet taste than salty.Overall I'd say the hot dog is four stars here and the fries were five. Due to friendly service and a clean restaurant, I'll round up the score and give this place a five star rating and a recommendation.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,7/5/2014,28,222,6,6,5>I might need to find a gym somewhere between home and Sausage Guys.  This could get ugly.If not for Yelp I'm not sure we would have noticed this place even though it's just down the street from us.  Have gone here a few times for eat-in and take-out since.  The small front room is basically bordered with a standing bar with some tall chairs and they keep it plenty warm inside in the winter.  On our first visit a group of city cops where grabbing lunch which was the first indicator of a potentially solid investment in our decision to try this out.  Now I'm half expecting to see Bob Swerski or Carl Wollarski standing in line or working the grill upon each visit.So far I've had the Chipotle sausage, bratwurst, and the pork chop sandwich.  The Chipotle sausage is just the right amount of spicy and comes lathered with (almost too much) a sweet honey cream cheese which is basically liquefied by the heat of the sausage; many napkins are required.  The roasted red peppers are also excellent.  Next up the bratwurst.  Honestly, I eat brats quite rarely, I've never been a big fan and most of the ones I had in Chicago (e.g. Wrigley Field) have always been average.  Nothing like the brats I had in Germany many years ago.  But theirs is nearly as good as those memories.  And the pork chop sandwich?  It's a tender, bone-in pork chop in a sandwich.  Also messy as can be as you'll literally be picking the meat off the bone when you're finished.Now this may not be as healthy as other options but for the same price as some bland sandwiches with microwaved meat you can get a large sausage loaded with fresh tasting toppings and some of the better fries I can recall having.All of their sausages except for the Italian sausage are made from scratch in house, and you can even buy some by the pound to take home for your freezer.  Can't wait until spring to fire up the grill and cook some of these at home.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,7/4/2014,68,207,3,6,5>Do not judge a book by its cover. Cutesy old house with teas and sandwiches? Nay. Hidden dive-gem of the western suburbs. How can a beer and bar-food enthusiast not totally dig this place?Beer menu = really good. Lots of stuff you can find in most decent beer bars, but a good selection of the finer craft brews. They had Scurry by Off Color Brewing on nitro, which tasted excellent. They also had some brews from Solemn Oath, Deschutes, Lagunitas, Left Hand, Stone, and Three Floyds on draft. There were other good selections available in bottles/cans, like Founders, Oskar Blues, Revolution, Great Lakes, Church Street, and Two Bros. Good to see they support local brews! They had a tap for Penrose hanging on the ceiling, and that place isn't even open yet (soon to be in Geneva, I believe). Anyway, beer was good, right? No Miller Lites or lawnmower beers. Lots of whiskey and bourbon to choose from, and a couple ciders available (not Woodchuck). I think that any craft beer lover would be happy. ALSO, you can get a 6oz beer, if you want to try a few beers instead of drinking one or two large pints. It's a nice option, if you aren't sure what you want a lot of, or if you just are in the variety sort of mood.Food, woah. They have a grilled cheese with CHEESE on the OUTSIDE. It's crisped on the outside of the bread, so don't expect something oozy-gooey on the outside, but don't be dismayed. It's really good and flavorful. We added grilled mushrooms, grilled onions, tomato, and bacon. This thing was overflowing but not gross or messy. Lots of flavor without an obscene amount of cheese. We split that, and then also split the Patty Melt. It was fairly standard...homemade burger patty on toasted, marbled rye, swiss, and grilled onions. The burger was a bit more than medium, but it was juicy, so no complaints. If I had to pick a winner, I'd vote for the grilled cheese, but I'm not sorry I ordered the patty melt.THOSE FRIES THOUGH. They look like boring-@ss fries, but don't be fooled. My husband ordered sweet potato tots and was a sorry sucka. He didn't finish his tots and was picking from my pile of carby, salty french fries. Not too thick, not too thin, with a crunchy outside and fluffy inside. Fried to perfection, and you get a lot. Yummmmm.Cory behind the bar was friendly and knowledgable. Everything was prompt and he checked back on us frequently. He even asked "Does everything taste great?" assuming that the found was excellent (which it was). Glad to see this place and its quality inspires confidence in its employees. I'll be back here. There are other items on the menu that I NEED to try, plus they have rotating specials, like spaghetti, ribs, tacos, etc. Their beer menu is rotating, and its nice to see that they have it posted on their website. Drop in for a plentiful basket of bar food and some local brews.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/3/2014,55,78,8,9,7>I didn't know what to expect going in my first time. My imagination told me it would have dirty brown screens and smell like cigarettes and Chinese food. After multiple visits I am very pleased that such a place exists! Being able to see movies in the theater that you missed out on wipes away all the regrets.Service:Fast, Friendly. Can't really say much more as it is a very brief transaction. There are usually no lines. I really do wonder how this place makes profit with $1.75 showings. $1 on Tuesdays!Atmosphere:Relatively clean. It isn't spotless like most theaters that charge upwards of $10. But I don't expect it to be. The important factors are satisfied. Clean and comfortable seats! Bathrooms are a tad sloppy.Movie Experience:Reminds me of watching theaters in the early 2000's! Everything was standard with nothing cutting edge mind you. Sounds and Picture were great. You really do get the experience here. I had thought they would have a projector in the middle of the room my first time. A really cheap price for a movie experience. I was happy to be able to catch reruns of popular movies that I missed out on or just wanted to see again. Looper, Don Jon, Pacific Rim, etc. A place of great value that I hope sticks around.PRO TIP!!!This place gets REALLY BUSY on Tuesdays at certain times. It is really easy to sneak in outside food and drinks! Kekekeke...
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,7/2/2014,31,84,7,9,8>So, the location curse is over!!! I have been to Benny's about 10 times now and I have to say this is the perfect chill Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner place. The food comes in rather large portions and is just done right, nothing fancy or over the top, just decent quality and good tasting. Huge omelets stuffed to the gills come with hash browns or an assortment of other sides. Now, I love Belgium Waffles, but almost every place I know screws them up! Benny's are crunchy on the outside, big and fluffy in the middle, Goldilocks would be proud...just right!!!They also have this great Banana Bread French toast!!!! I feel dumb for never thinking of this before but wow!!! Make sure you get the large size or make it a side with your meal! This is what Awesome tastes like!Lastly, the owner... You guessed it! Benny! He is what makes me love this place, he is a true small business owner that cares about his baby(the restaurant) with a lot of heart. He is always there, always friendly and makes you feel at home. I feel like I'm rooting for his success just because you can see how much care and work he has put into making this place great! I hope to still be coming here 30/40 years from now! Go!!!!  :-)
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,7/1/2014,155,112,1,9,5>Been telling coworkers how good the brisket is for months, and as a going-away lunch for one of my colleagues, we picked up a couple pounds of brisket, a couple pounds of pulled pork, 2 dozen wings and some sides today.Coworkers: thumbs-up and A+'s all around. Multiple "this was awesome dude, thanks!" Also, several fans of the hot & spicy XXX sauce were minted today.The wings, which I've never had before: pretty dang good. A little dry, as smoked/grilled wings often are, but not terribly so -- and DEFINITELY NOT UNDERCOOKED, which is the easier and most common way to ruin wings. They soak up sauce nicely without their texture changing. I'm definitely going to make it in for some BYOB wing night one of these Wednesdays sooner than later.We polished off all the brisket, almost all the pulled pork. There were a fair amount of wings leftover, but that was probably because we were all full of brisket and there were only six of us eating.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/30/2014,68,249,6,8,5>They got it.Skills, that is.No frills. All pie.Worth picking up to go, fo sho. I'll edit this after I finish eating.Ok and here we go...The crust (ordered well-down) is almost a pretzel. So twisted, crispy, and not over powering. It was dense and firm so it held the juicy toppings of onion, green peppers, sausage, and spinach effortlessly. The fresh tomatoes on the top were so sweet and herbed. They melted like sauce. Sweet, sweet sauce. The toasted, gooey cheeses were so delicious. Not too much but definitely enough.The veggies were fresh and tasty. I LOVE THIS PIZZA!!!Even though they don't deliver to me, 3.3 miles away, I'll definitely be ordering more frequently. I'm sorry, now, that I've waited so long to order from these masters of pizzaology. My pie was ready in 30 minutes, or so they say, for pickup. I got it fresh out of the oven and uncut so all the juices stayed in the pie and not all over the box.On the passenger seat next to me it sat all the way home, still piping hot as I rolled my cutting wheel through the caramelized cheeses and crust.Five fuhhhh king stars. Word.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/29/2014,161,158,1,15,4>This place has officially become my favorite to go for our anniversaries and special dates with the husband. We used to go to Shaw's in the same plaza but after being at Seasons 52 just once, I can tell that the quality in food is vastly difference and it can be much friendlier on your wallet too if you follow my tips. Now, just because I said it's a great place for date night, doesn't mean you can't go here with girlfriends, or celebrate a birthday with friends or have family dinners. Please do all that as I plan to come back here for the many wonderful occasions aforementioned. Food-wise please see my photos upload for this place. There's also tons of other food pics in the gallery for this restaurant as well. However, it is hard to keep up because this place is called Season 52 for a very special reason: it is for the 52 weeks in the year and the 52 weekly menu that changes! How cool is that?! There is one constant menu that changes only seasonally (I think every 3 months) and that is going to be the big chunk in the front and center of the menu. But if you look over to the right hand side, there is a narrow column that will tell you the specials for the week, and that will change every week! For the rotating weekly menu, they will offer a few choices for soup, appetizer, salad and entrees. This is what Season 52 is all about, and it is genius marketing because if the food is good, people will come back to try out the other menu.  It's a win win because for foodies like us, you'll never feel bored going back to the same place several times!Now, here are my tips if you want to dine here but want to get the most bang for your buck or if you're tight on your budget. Instead of going straight to the entrees (which are in the mid 20's to even 30s, it gets pricey), go for the appetizers. They have a HUGE selection of appetizers, and they're all really delicious. The ingredients tastes fresh, the flavor is aromatic and not heavily reliant on salt or oil to mask its taste. Plus, every dish is under 500 calories. So for the price of one entree (portion is generally small), I actually got 2 decent sized appetizers in place. These apps are priced $9-13.  We actually ordered one entree and 4 appetizers and 2 desserts, in the end our bill came out to be under $65 for two. We were so full at the end and even had 2 doggie bags to take home. When we used to go to other restaurants of the same scale, I couldn't say we were this well fed for the amount that we spent. We have spent much more and had less food!So here's the breakdown of what we ordered:Appetizers: Grilled Garlic Pesto Chicken Flatbread- the BEST flatbread I've ever tasted. Grilled Shrimp Flatbread- I don't see this on the menu anymore but it was good!Ahi Tuna Tartare- very fresh ahi tunaThai Lemon Grass Mussels- such unique flavor, super flavorful, the best!Entree:Shrimp Cavatappi Pasta- small portion but well cooked, not salty, taste just right.DessertsMocha Macchiato- my favorite of the desserts, must try if you like coffee flavor!Mango Cheesecake- yummy and mild in flavor, for those who like their desert rich.Aside from the food, the service was really great. Our water got refilled, the apps came out quick. Our entree did take a little more time but the sous-chef came out to bring us the dish to us and comped one of our flatbread due to the wait. I ended up tipping 30% that night because I was so satisfied with the service. When customers are satisfied, that speaks volume for a business!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,6/28/2014,123,246,4,11,7>This ain't your standard hole-in-the-wall Polish deli.  It's a full sized supermarket WITH a liquor section.While combing the locale for a decent source of kielbasa, I came across Krystyna's and instantly fell in love.  The deli section is always crowded and if the tag system is inop, get ready for mayhem. Somehow everyone stays in order, unlike the death pit at Valli's deli.  Service is friendly and served with a smile from the ladies who aren't hard to look at.Check out the aisles for some unique Polish groceries.  I tried an Apple Mint drink that was strangely refreshing.The liquor section is small but has a decent selection, including 90%+ alcohol spyrytus. Extensive Polish beer selection is available as well.  They have prepared food and a bakery as well but I haven't had the chance to try either.  The food on display looks good though.Check it out and grab some kielbasa for the grill.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,6/27/2014,269,638,3,8,5>I joined back in June, and for the first time ever, I find myself looking forward to and enjoying every visit.  That alone speaks volumes for this place.Membership comes in two simple packages: Regular and Gold.  I chose the Gold Membership.  For $25 a month, I can go to any Zip location, with a free guest each visit. (Which saved a bunch.  My husband can go with me, and we don't have to pay for two separate memberships.) Plus a free shirt and unlimited tanning- which I don't use, but could be a perk to those that partake.The gym itself is not fancy.  No classes, juice bar, or massages.  Just plenty of treadmills, elliptical machines (3 types), stationary bikes (2 types), stair climbers, and a hellacious yet wonderful climbing machine called Jacob's Ladder.  There is a small mirrored free weight area, and tons of weight machines with clear descriptions on how to properly use them, and what areas they target.  Most of the clients are people like myself, out to lose a few pounds and maintain a healthy lifestyle. I usually get here around 9am during the week, and it is sparsely populated, so there are never lines for machines.  Staff is quite friendly; always greeting and saying goodbye.  They do a great job of maintaining the facilities as well.  There are always full tubs of sanitizing wipes, and the locker and restrooms are nothing short of immaculate.  There are personal trainers available by appointment, but by no means do they use the hard-sell approach to make you sign up.I'm very happy with this gym.  Thanks to it, and a bit of will power, I've managed to so far drop 40 pounds.  Yeah, it's a shameless self plug, but I think I deserve it!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,6/26/2014,273,603,4,11,7>What a great find!  While exploring our neighboring towns, we decided to check out some spots in Elgin. My sister and I were yapping on the phone trying to plan our day out when one of us (I can't remember who!) found Elgin Public House. After scrolling through the pictures and checking out some reviews, we decided to give them a try. Off to Elgin with my husband and son to meet the sis and bro-in-law and we find a free parking garage immediately across the street. This was perfect!  As we approached, we commented on how the street view really doesn't do this place any justice. Nothing would have made me stop if I didn't know this bar/restaurant was here. Once inside, we end up having the nicest server and sit in her area toward the back of the restaurant. Kinda behind the bar area. This was fine for us as there were plenty of TVs and lots of football to be watched. Our guys were happy.There's nothing fancy about this place, but the service was great and the food was fresh and tasty. I stepped outside my comfort zone with a meatloaf sandwich and chicken chili. Oh yeah!  I'd order both again. The meatloaf was a little light on the actual sandwich but it tasted really good. Around the rest of the table was more chicken chili, regular chili, a chicken sandwich with pineapple, a chicken pesto sandwich, a burger and an avocado turkey wrap. Everything was good. There were absolutely no complaints about the food. We were practically planning our next visit in between bites!  I think we better get on that soon...
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,6/25/2014,72,277,7,11,7>Love this place!  Ok, from the outside it looks like one of the bars in "Roadhouse" (minus Patrick Swayze), but it's a surprisingly cozy and cheerful place where you can have a great meal at a good price.  In fact, I would have liked it when I was single: good, strong drinks in a chill atmosphere with a separate bar area, and fun, kitschy decor....AND I like it now that I have a husband and toddler: kid-friendly with servers who make googly sounds that my son loves, and a fish pond and entertainment that will keep him enthralled.  We went there for NYE and the fire dance show was definitely worth watching.  Try the tasty and hefty portion of teriyaki beef, and if you have a sweet tooth, the mango passion moa (sweet and sour chicken).  Their hot and sour soup was huge and possibly one of the best I've ever had.  We're looking forward to trying the rest of the menu, and our next check-up with Dr. Fong.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,6/24/2014,41,109,11,15,11>Holy hell in a handbasket, if I could give this location 10 stars I would.Don't let the drab outside appearance fool you. Place is tiny and easy to miss. Only a few tables inside, generally no music, just a small little storefront. Oh, and parking? Worst lot ever. I'm convinced. So, I was weary when I walked in.But then it happened. BAM! Falafel sandwhich, babaganoosh, lentil soup, random green salad (delicious nontheless), and habañero sauce. Oh my god, I dropped dead and arrived in Middle Eastern heaven. As we were ordering, the falafel was already being handmade by one of the cooks. Our babaganoosh arrived to our table first with warm pita. De-freaking-licious. I have never had anything like it before. By far my favorite. Then our falafel sandwiches came out. They weighed a freaking pound each. It was stuffed with warm falafel, veggies, and sauce. By the time the 12 oz of lentil soup came out, I was already in heaven, but when I had a taste of the lentil, it sealed the deal. Literally could have fallen out of my chair. So delicious.Overall, 10 on the food hands down. Will definitely be returning even though driving on Harlem makes me want to rip my hair out. But it's so worth me being half bald. One thing I wish I could change...add some music or something. It was eerie quite in there when my boyfriend and I weren't conversing. Otherwise, bravo!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,6/23/2014,283,456,12,14,12>EAT PAN DULCE, LIVE HAPPY!I am always on the hunt for a good bakery. My definition of a good bakery:Items baked on site (for freshness, obviously), sweet or savory foods that are baked in an oven, reasonably priced treats that will leave you wanting more. Azteca meets my requirements and then some!! I have been to several Mexican bakeries over the years and I have only found one other place that truly deserves 5 stars from me and that place is on the West side of Chicago and too far for me to frequent so I'm especially excited to have found Azteca right in my backyard. Some of my favorite bakery items are not the prettiest things in the world and as much as I like cupcakes, donuts and cookies from other random places nearby, Azteca has just earned my business after one brief visit.I have been wanting to get to Azteca Bakery for several months and tonight, I made a quick stop in since I just happened to be passing by and wouldn't you know, they were open at 6:30 pm on a Sunday night. In fact, they are open until 9 pm every night of the week. I'm a fan of the hours!The location is perfect for them located right next to an Aldi, a taco joint and a Fiesta Market, I can get all my Mexican foodie needs met at one small strip mall in Streamwood. Who knew?The store itself is extremely CLEAN!! I mean, eat off the floor, clean! The display cases are free of fingerprints and dirt. Management/owners obviously take pride in their bakery. The staff is very friendly and not one single person is just standing around which I have seen in plenty of other places the like; Everyone is working, cleaning, putting fresh items out, you name it. These folks work hard here.I selected about 12 or 14 items and left there for just over 7 bucks...ummmm, are you sure about that? I gotta admit I was a little afraid that the stuff wasn't going to be that great because it was so cheap, but Dios Mio, you weren't kidding, this place is fantastic!! Yelptastic, to be exact. I picked up a few rolls for sandwiches (3 for $.99...can you beat that?) that I'm looking forward to eating my sandwich on for lunch tomorrow. I also selected several Polvorones and a chocolate cake slice that was calling my name. I nibbled on the Polvorones tonight after dinner and I must say Azteca, you have made this picky little lady a very happy one! Looking forward to returning for more treats soon. Maybe next time, I'll bring my hubby or sister along. Damn it, these places are the reason I'm a round little Mexican lady! ;) Adios!!!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,6/22/2014,68,183,3,6,5>I ended up here for a late lunch on a snowy Saturday afternoon with my dad, stepmom, and the BF. Dad and stepmom had a chance meeting with the BF during a recent hospital stay so I had suggested lunch to make it a lot more official. This combined with the LEYE gift card I had given them for Christmas gave us the perfect excuse to check it out. Every table gets bread and a sort of antipasti plate. It is an olive oil base with actual olives, parmesan, definitely anchovies and some other stuff mixed in there. I didn't have any but I think I saw my dad licking that plate clean. He couldn't get enough of that! We started with the bruschetta. It was a nice serving of four slices and made with fresh mozzarella. Stepmom was incredibly excited over the surprise arugula in it! Dad and stepmom followed this with salads. They have some very interesting salads to pick from. Dad ended up with the spinach and avocado salad! NOTE: Everything is a la carte. BF and I both ordered types of gnocchi. I ordered a special that was baked in an Alfredo sauce. He had a tomato cream sauce. We had expected his to come in a vodka style sauce. It looked almost like a typical tomato sauce. As he mixed his plate together, you could smell the cream sauce start to come together. It was definitely unique. He enjoyed it. Mine was incredible! The gnocchi were flavorful and tender. I enjoyed every bite. They bring out a tray of small tastes of desserts. You can get the whole tasting tray, choices off the tray, or a single full size dessert. Dad and stepmom picked out two tastes to share. BF and I split the full size molten lava cake with vanilla gelato. It was very rich and very delicious. We will definitely be back. The four of us got out of there for under $50 after a $100 gift card and with apps, desserts, and a few glasses of wine.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/21/2014,31,112,4,8,7>I'm a big fan of Tuscan Grill. Family owned and operated in the heart of Blue Island's historic Uptown commercial district, this place delivers tasty Italian favorites, a few unique surprises, in a casual dining setting that's perfect for the neighborhood.I've had a bit of everything from the menu. My favorite are the panini sandwiches with a basket of fries. Italian classics like manicotti are done perfectly. The pizza is one of the best in town. Hand made calzones are worth the wait! This is a kitchen that knows how to cook.If you're in town for business I'd recommend this place for a working lunch. Grab a booth and get to work! Servers are attentive and keep your group happy. Carry outs are a breeze if you need to bring something home to the family.If you've been here in the past you owe yourself a revisit. Nicely remodeled dining room, opened up with a full bar to one side. Comfortable and cozy, I'm happy the family gave it another go and excited to see what's next for Tuscan Grill!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,6/20/2014,74,264,3,10,5>This is an adorable place!!  The ambiance is very french - right down to the waitstaff  uniforms - "little black dresses" with a beaded Eiffel Tower on the back - darling!!  I wanted to meet a friend for coffee in the area so we settled on La Crepe Bistro - instead of coffee we had Mimosas and a few items off the starter menu.  The assorted cheese plate and the Grapes Chevre Bon Bons...just enough to fill our tummies before doing more Christmas shopping. The menu looks fabulous with a large variety of inventive crepes and other french standards.  I am excited about going back to explore the lunch and dinner options.  VERY happy there is a place like this in the area.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,6/19/2014,107,399,1,9,6>Very good for a diner-type restaurant. While nothing was particularly amazing, I felt the satisfaction to price ratio was very high. In fact, many of the items (most of which are under $6) were cooked at least as well or sometimes even better than pricier restaurants. Food came out quickly, piping hot, and in plentiful portions. The sides, like toast, were prepared consistently well also.The items I tried;Cream of Brocolli with Cheddar - Light and creamy soup, a bit underseasoned (this can be a good thing if you need ot watch your sodium intake) but satisfying for only $1.75Two eggs with corn beef hash - Slightly crisp hash browns matched great with the corn beef hash which was served with slightly runny eggs. Surprisingly good texture and flavor combination.Steak plate - Good size steak which I got with fries. For $6.10 I can't complain as the steak was cooked exactly to order and juicy. The fries were nothing special but did go well with the steak.Chili and cheese omelette - Nice fluffy omelette, was not runny at all despite having some chili in it. Could hae smothered it with more chili but for the price, I can't complain.Chicken sandwich - Simple and fresh with nicely grilled chicken. For $4.60, there's really no reason to have a chicken sandwich as some fast food restaurant.This restaurant does exactly what you expect, good value diner food, well. A great place to stop by if you're in the area and need a quick meal.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,6/18/2014,826,1108,13,16,17>No grilled cheese can compare to the enormous sandwiches we ate from Toasty Cheese last night.  The Chef's Choice, $9, is piled thick with duck bacon, provolone, arugula and cherry tomatoes.  When it comes to bacon, I can take it or leave it, but the duck bacon was thick-cut, flavorful and not super greasy.  My husband had the "Chicago's Best," ($12) which is the same as the Chef's Choice - but with TWELVE slices of duck bacon.We had dinner with my parents here, and they opted for the "build your own" grilled cheese sandwich option.  The options are endless if you go this route, and both of them really liked their sandwiches.  I also tried their loaded fries.  Sweet Jesus, those fries were no doubt loaded with cheese and bacon!  The portion is huge, so you'll need someone to share with.  I wasn't as impressed with the rosemary fries.  The flavor was nice, but they were a bit too oily and there was a pool of oil at the bottom of the container.Be ready to get messy.  I can be a bit finicky when I have to eat off of my lap and stuff is glopping onto my lap or into a napkin.  We chose to eat in our car (Toasty Cheese was at Solemn Oath on Friday night, and they looked pretty packed), and even though it was chilly outside, those ooey gooey sandwiches sure kept us warm.For $29 we had two sandwiches, fries, and two drinks.  I took half of my sandwich home and ate it for lunch the next day.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,6/17/2014,28,75,3,8,6>We were hungry. Our Pinot's Palette event will start at 6:30. It was already 6:05. The Sushi house was in the same building as the event so we went in there. We told the waitress that we needed to be  somewhere at 6:30. She already knew where we were going and said that would be no problemYvonne ordered the Sexy Mexican and another sushi roll that was supposed to be spicy. The service was very fast. Yvonne's guest ordered soup. The food was delivered. The Sexy Mexican was fabulous. It has a delicate crunch on the outside layer that was a pleasant surprise. It was delicious. The spicy one was not spicy, but it still had good flavor.I like my wasabi to blast up to my sinuses and make my ears glow red. The wasabi that was served with the rolls was very meek and mild, a disappointment. The ginger was flavorful and refreshing.We were seated, order taken, food delivered, eaten , paid for, and we were at Pinot's Palette at 6:30!! Great service and good food.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/16/2014,907,149,4,9,7>I have such luck when I am being impatient! I had a Tuesday night "need a massage or I will die" moment and the women I use currently don't work on Tuesdays so I went to my BFF Yelp and Eureka, found heaven. Apparently this salon has only been open about 6 months- I used to live in Carpentersville and didn't recall seeing this here previously. Anyway-- I scheduled with Julie who is an angel direct from heaven. Seriously. If you have read my reviews on massages before, I am needy/picky. I need someone that does DEEP TISSUE and isn't just fluffy "let me rub your back" kind of stuff. I also want someone that doesn't chat me up the whole time. Massage and then Hot Yoga time - those are the only times I really get to NOT TALK and so I appreciate the down time. Julie used to run the massage team at Bellagio in Vegas. She knows her stuff and she is not playing around when it comes to deep tissue. I almost proposed marriage to her professionally speaking. She is fantastic. In fact, I've already booked my next appointment. Please tell her Kelly O from Yelp sent ya, she'll hook you up. ;-)
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,6/15/2014,51,217,6,8,5>Very very very good.  A little hidden away gem that is very aptly named.  I saw the reviews and thought to myself "Self, with this many good reviews it can't be bad"  and boy was I right.  It was in fact so not bad it was great.  Just walking in gave me hunger pangs.  It smelled delicious.  I don't know what it actually smelled like but it was heavenly.  When I got my take out home I was the furthest thing from disappointed.  I was prepared to not judge at first bite because I got take out and traveling doesn't always put food in the best light.  But there was no need to reserve judgement.  The pad thai was fantastic.  The noodles were perfectly cooked and spiced so very nice.  Actually, if you ask for it to be spicy it will be spicy.  I may have to hand in my man pants, but I needed to cut my spicy version with some of my wife's non-spicy pad thai.  Do yourself a favor and get some of this food. You will be joyous that you did... HAHAHAHA see what I did there?
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,6/14/2014,405,605,4,12,8>By far the best on Chicago's South side. I come over and over to this location because they are amazing with their food choices. From Japanese Sushi to Chinese and Thai. I love that they do have Thai food since many of the establishments in the area are Chinese. I also adore the fact that on a rainy day, they have an umbrella stand with umbrellas for your use. They do ask that you return the umbrella on your next visit, which I've done many times. This is by far one of the kindest things any restaurant can do and that is to be on the honor system with their patrons. What a wonderful idea. I do appreciate the fact also that the food always taste fresh and made right there. At times of course you have to wait for a table (that's how good it is). But while you wait, you can have a cocktail or two at their bar while you wait for your pager (they provide) to ring and let you know that your table is ready. Definitely one of the restaurants that I adore over and over and would always be a customer. The sushi station is really nice because they will make your sushi right in front of you, and the station holds about 20 people of course. If you have a big party they will also accommodate your party, although again like I said it may be a wait, that's okay. If you are in the neighborhood, by all means stop by and see what the big hoopla is about, this is one of the South Side places you defintely do not want to miss. Instead of the usual Mexican and Chinese joints, this place is by far one (if not) the best place ever. I am happy coming here over and over because this is one of those gems that doesn't dissappoint me in the least. See you at Chi Tung, and of course they have won many awards on their fine cooking.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,6/13/2014,280,274,6,7,5>My wife's family has been coming here for years and I feel like I have to. The Greek diner food and old school decor brings back a touch of nostalgia. In fact, time stands still when you enter Corfu.20 paged menu filled with almost anything you could think of from Fried Chicken to Potato Pancakes to Gyros to Spaghetti & Meatballs. Wife and I have been coming here for weekend brunch where the waitresses walk around with a pot of regular coffee in one hand and decaf in the other asking for refills every 15 minutes.You will leave Corfu jacked up on caffeine ready to conquer your "Honey do" list.God bless Corfu.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,6/12/2014,200,204,4,9,7>Happened to get out of work early today and was on my way home when I decided to stop in.  Heres a quick tip:  Don't listen to Google Maps.  Google will tell you it's *here* when it's actually about a mile north of there, on the other side of the street.  Thanks to Yelp for having the location spot on, but I digress....Being that I'm new to the whole vaping thing, I don't have much of a knowledge base to draw on as far as comparing Elixrz to other similar businesses, but based on the first experience I had today, I was very happy that I walked in.  Walking in with nearly zero prior knowledge as to the components of a vape, or personal vaporizer, I had a lot of questions, and Joe and Joe(Jr. and Sr.?) had a lot of answers, and they took the time to explain what makes certain models differ from others, how variable voltage changes the vapor profile of your vape, the compatibility of certain tanks and batteries, advanced vaping techniques i.e. dripping, etc., all the things you want to know as a new customer.  When choosing a first battery I narrowed it down to three and rather than upselling me on the most expensive one, they allowed me to choose which I liked and then went down the line with the pros and cons for each model, but ultimately allowed me to make my own decision for the battery and my tank.  This alone took me about 45 minutes to come to a decision, and then came the "hard part", according to the Joes, picking a flavor.  So I straddled a stool and perused the menu on the wall, which are categorized into tobacco, fruit, and alcohol flavors, and a sample tank for each is on the countertop.  Just so you know, when they hand you the tank and vape to sample, you grab a rubber mouthpiece cover out of the glass that says "New" on the counter and put that on so you don't have to share cooties with the last person who sampled that flavor.  I tried a lot of flavors, and many were very good.  One of the more interesting ones was the Bacon e-liquid.  I love bacon but I can't get down with the feeling that I'm inhaling bacon smoke coming off of a frying pan, because that's what that tastes like.  They do a good job with Horchata, with has a creamy profile with a cinnamon aftertaste...I tried more flavors than I can remember, but the Lion's Blood had that je ne sais quoi, literally I don't know what.  I mean I really don't know what it is, but Lion's Blood reminded me of something that I just can't put my finger on.So after 20 minutes of choosing my flavor, Joe(Jr.) showed me how to take it apart to charge the battery and how to fill the tank, and how not to fill the tank.  He then filled my tank with the liquid I just purchased and I was on my happy vaping way. Since Elixrz is conveniently located halfway between home and work, I have no doubt that I'll be coming in again.And again..And again...So many flavors, so little time....
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/11/2014,64,296,6,10,9>I've been to the Verdict on multiple occasions, but I feel like it's time to update my previous (2009) review.I love breakfast foods, and the Verdict does have very good breakfast, but I had eggs earlier in the day, and since it was dinner time, I decided to go with their dinner fare, specifically a Grecian dish.After debating between a few things, I decided on the Slouvaki Chicken Platter. It comes with a choice of beef or chicken, and I went double bird. There's a picture of the dish on their menu, so I was swayed by that. The meal also comes with soup or small greek salad, their house rice, potato, veggies, a mini loaf of their homemade bread, and a complimentary dessert (jello, rice/chocolate/tapioca pudding, fruit, or ice cream. Since I was a to go order, the ice cream wasn't an option. Also, I ordered double veggies instead of the potato. I'm not quite sure if I got double veggies (no pic, sorry), but I did get rice and a serviing of veggies in my tray. As for my soup, I went with the roasted red pepper, which is a common soup in their rotation (check site for daily soups). For dessert, I opted for the chocolate pudding.I really want to give the Verdict a 5 star rating... Food and the prices are right, but there's always a small issue with my experience. This time, when going through our to go orders (there were just 2; a coworker and myself), they forgot my pudding! I was really looking forward to it too. As for the rest of my meal... YUM! The chicken kebobs were actually my least favorite part of the meal. They were good, but nothing really stood out. They were skewered with red onion and peppers, but the chicken really had no outstanding flavor. Besides the chicken, everything else was excellent. The yellow rice had a slight butter flavor and pieces of carrots in it. The veggies featured green beans, broccoli, and carrots. They weren't wilted at all which was very surprising! The homemade bread was super good. About as big as an italian beef roll, the light brown roll tasted amazing by itself, with butter, and in the red pepper soup. The soup was my favorite part of the meal. Not sure what exactly is in the soup, but I will definitely be ordering again. No chunky veggies and not too heavy; not sure if it was completely cream or broth based.In the end, I actually did call back and pick up my pudding. I was also given a complimentary eclair. The custard inside the eclair was amazing! All in all, the Verdict is a great place for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and I'm looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,6/10/2014,160,525,5,8,9>I'm in love with this place. I have had this place bookmarked for at least a year. I'm just mad at myself for not coming here sooner. I don't honestly want to admit to what I ordered. I really didn't even want to order it. I probably shouldn't of eaten it all.I decided on the Maxwell street polish sausage, buffalo fries and a blue raspberry lemonade. Yum. Everything was so delicious. The buffalo fries are my new favorite thing. I actually wanted a regular lemonade but got so distracted by all the choices I ordered blue raspberry. I'll go with traditional next time. The staff was so sweet! I couldn't believe how nice everyone was. My food was ready in no time and they packed it all up neatly to-go. It survived my 30 minute drive home and was still nice and hot.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,6/9/2014,101,127,6,9,6>Come for the movie, stay for the legroom. If movie theaters are like airplanes, AMC is coach and iPic is first class.  Star Cinema Grill is like business class. You get plenty of legroom, which is a huge deal for me and my long legs and my creaky knees.  Theres a full menu and a bar. When I came here I had a pineapple express (a delicious pinappley rum drink) and a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was wrong- had cheese on it when I asked for none, and the fries were freeeezing cold. I sent it back and they kind of fixed it. The fries were fresh and lovely, and the sandwich looked new until I flipped it over and saw where the breading was missing where they scraped the cheese off. It tasted alright though. I think when I come back I'll go for more classic movie theater fare.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/8/2014,151,298,5,6,4>OUT****ING STANDING!!!After reading Taffy G's recent review of Annie's Cucina, it has been on my radar for a few weeks.  So I popped in to get  a sandwich for lunch. Annie's Cucina is tucked away on Front Street in Mokena by the Metra station.  They have a menu on wall as you walk in.  I did not see your typical sandwiches and I was in the mood for a change.  I ordered the Carleton.  It has prosciutto, salami, mortadella, capicola and provolone.  It comes with LTO (lettuce, tomato and onion) and the house made dressing.  I added hot giardiniera to as well.  I brought the sandwich out to the car and it smelled so good, I had to take a look.  I open up the box and there it was----(chorus of angels sing)!  I wanted to take a pic but I could not wait.  I powered the Carleton down right in my car.  It was very good.  This was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  I also bought some of there home made giardiniera as well.  Its a family owned business and the owners were the ones preparing the food.  I like that.  I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,6/7/2014,230,78,6,9,6>I started a new job and took to Yelp to find my first lunch break destination. Blissful Banana Cafe was within 1.5 miles and its joy-filled name caught my attention.   I browsed pictures of food via Yelp and was happy with the sandwich options pictured by other Yelpsters. When I arrived I was happy as pie. The ambience reminded me of my University of Illinois Champaign-Urbana collegiate days at my favorite coffee bar Espresso Royale.  There was happy music, fresh coffee drinks and friendly employees who greeted me.The menu is refreshing. The perfect offerings for vegans, vegetarians & meat eaters alike.  I ordered the Idalia panini with an organic side salad and a soy iced latte with caramel.  My waitress asked if it was my first time and when I said yes she told me she'd bring me a sample of the banana bliss non-dairy/all banana ice cream dessert.  Free samples rock and this one was delicious.   About the panini, it appears they no longer offer one of this sandwich's meats for the Idalia (something about their ham shop burning down last summer) but you can get it with turkey. The waitress cued me in - but my panini was still delicious.While I waited for my food, my waitress checked in on me several times and a barista came around with a second free sample of a mocha white chocolate coffee drink. Super attentive staff!My experience was all around fabulous - A+ customer service, A+ food quality and A+ food taste.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,6/6/2014,234,114,6,10,8>Broosters is one of those rare finds that would remain tucked away unless you did some wide-eyed searching. I have to admit, even if I had seen the Lombard location, I don't think I would have given it a try; its THAT inconspicuous. BUT, I'm seriously happy I did.Even if you had decided to walk into the joint, I don't think you'd feel like it was going to produce some b-o-m-b chicken. Its appearance is THAT modest. BUT, the chicken is not.I think the first thing you should do at Broosters is order the whole or half chicken...whatever you feel like you can put away. The flavor is absolutely amazing. Add that charbroiled essence to the mix to seal the deal. What we have in the end is an incredibly moist piece of chicken that hits the spot where it counts.The mashed potato and coleslaw side dishes parallel that of KFC. Texas toast is included with  everything! **They have this salsa thats hidden in a white container that you MUST use...it changes everything!!**
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,6/5/2014,31,104,8,11,8>I am by no means a sweets or pastry guy, rarely do I enter a bakery to buy anything other than bread but when I heard this place had "cronuts" something inside me forced me to go. Probably from all the hype and attention cronuts were getting in New York, I just had to try it. Its located on the side of a busy street and its pretty easy to get to. Here are my feelings of Dossant/Cronuts overall: its good. Even for me who doesn't like sweets very much, its pretty darn good. I can't really comment on the price because they are 2.50 each which is kinda pricey but I also heard people are paying like 20 bucks a piece in NYC so maybe its a good deal. They have like 6 flavors of Dossants. The Dossant overall is like a lighter, flakier doughnut with layers in it. There is creamy filling pumped unevenly in the sides but I didn't mind. Honestly I liked them but I don't get the hype. I bought a half dozen and ate 2. My mom had 1 and freaked out about how awesome it is. 3 more disappeared the next morning haha. I guess if you're a sweets person, this is gonna blow your mind and taste buds in a very sensual and maybe inappropriate way.. (See Picture)Btw I also sampled the "pizza" there which isn't really pizza, its bread with tomato on top. I didn't see any cheese or anything else. In the end, I can't complain. You'll have to try for yourself to understand. Its definitely worth a try if you're into pastries. GET ON THE BANDWAGON!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,6/4/2014,92,360,1,16,8>My wife and I have been aching to try this place since it opened. Pizzeria da Nella is going to be our go-to place to have thin, Neapolitan-style pizza from now on. The bread course was three slices of bread, served with a lively, fruity olive oil. One of the servers wasn't used to the idea of having me pour the olive oil into a plate and covering it with parmesan cheese, which I thought was sort of funny. This was quite good.We decided to take a tour of the whole menu today, just to get an idea of the place. So we started with fried calamari, of course! This came out perfectly; the calamari was tender and the outer coating crisp. It was a bit difficult to get the tomato sauce to coat the breading, since it was a bit then, but I liked the freshness of the sauce nonetheless.The server took care to bring our baby's Nemo Pizza out at the same time, so she had something to eat. It's a cheese pizza shaped like a fish. She loved it, and since I'm assuming they used the same dough for her pizza as mine, I'm sure it tasted good. Speaking of which...I had a Mare & Monti pizza, which has mini shrimp and porcini mushrooms counted amongst its toppings. WOW. This is the closest I've been to Naples in a long, long time! The bottom crust was just-so floppy, while the outer crust had just enough chew but was still tender. The first bite was briny from the shrimp, and the porcini lent just a bit of earthy flavor, but mostly texture. The crust was wonderfully yeasty.Likewise, my wife's bufalina pizza had the same texture but took full advantage of the slightly chewy bufalina mozzarella on top of it.We left room for dessert, and opted for the Bacio, which is a homemade creampuff. Topped with hazelnut cream. Filled with hazelnut cream (and maybe nutella). And I think there were toasted hazelnuts throughout. My goodness, was this good.I have no idea - none - how this restaurant ended up on the corner of North and Schmale in Carol Stream, and not in downtown Wheaton or Glen Ellyn, or Elmhurst, or any other place within walking distance of other top-quality restaurants. (Their other location is in Lincoln Park, of all places!) This place is a fantastic treat, and I can't recommend it enough.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/3/2014,239,635,16,21,21>We stopped in for a quick lunch.  Let me correct a bit of the info that is posted.  It is a very small, Paris type bistro.  What does that mean?  It is NOT good for groups.  If you had a large group, larger than 4, I cannot even envision where they would put you.  It is NOT good for kids.  The exception would be if you stopped in for some gelato which is in a case near the front door.The menu is on the small side with dinner specials that change frequently, but not on a daily basis.  We selected the Pomegranate Chicken Salad and the French Dip sandwich.  The sandwich was listed as being served with homemade chips and a petit seasonal salad.  The chips never appeared, but it was quite filling as it was served.  We had to pass on dessert, which is unfortunate, because all desserts are prepared on site.  We did stop to drool over the glass case where the desserts are showcased.We will return, they only accept reservations for 4.  It gets crowded, or so we were told.Go and enjoy and pretend you are back in Paris.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,6/2/2014,66,166,5,8,7>Most people in food service (chefs or otherwise) probably know about Chefwear, because they're a company that sends out catalogs and offers tons of options for professional clothing for my field. I ordered from them a long time ago, when they were still based in Chicago. I knew they'd moved, but I had no idea they'd moved ALMOST RIGHT UP THE STREET FROM ME. :DThey have a corporate store on site, where you can go and try on any jacket your heart fancies before you buy it. If you're local, and you buy Chefwear gear, you owe it to yourself to go check this place out. Do it when you have more than a few minutes, because whatever they don't have on the floor can be pulled from inventory in the warehouse so you can try it on. You read that correctly. You can try on anything you want from their catalog. This is great news, because every style of chef coat fits differently -- and it's especially great news if you're a female chef (and therefore, by definition, have a bit more difficulty finding satisfactory coats that look good and don't make you look like a marshmallow). While it's true that you can go get jackets and such at Schweppe, this beats that hands down -- you seriously have access to Chefwear's ENTIRE CATALOG. Well, as long as they have it in stock at the time. Any color and style you want are yours to try and buy. Also, the lady at the front desk, Cindy, was super helpful in guiding me toward styles and prices that she thought I would like. I wish there were more locations, so my fellow professionals could all have such a great experience in finding good chef gear! :)
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,6/1/2014,1096,1134,7,9,7>What a blast! We sat at the bar for a drink. I asked for a tall Jack sour and they must have run out of sour mix because my drink was a dark chestnut color. They have a heavy pour and the prices are incredibly reasonable. We were seated promptly at our reservation time. We were politely greeted by our server Alex. None of us had ever been here before, so she explained what was going on for those of us who were paying attention. We grabbed a plate and hit the buffet. If you are into meat, then skip this part. We ordered a bottle of wine and more martini's. Once we flipped over the cards to let the servers know we wanted meat. It was a free for all. I felt like Julie Andrews in Victor/Victoria when the waiter kept bringing her more food as she was chowing down. The rest of the table came up for air. Not me! My fork was red hot and I wasn't going to let it cool down. The offerings were 16 different cuts of meat. Once I sampled everything. I stuck with the beef and the servers knew it. They were plopping chunks of meat on my plate without even cutting them. I had a wonderful time. It was a meat amusement park and you get to eat the rides!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,5/31/2014,119,299,5,8,6>This is a very cozy place. Looks more like a cafe than a Taco place. The lobby is clean with the contemporary decoration. I was on the way to see my Dr. and found this place from yelp app. This place is not easy to find in this shopping mall. In the end, I found the Payless store first then see this Taco Diner.You will need to order the food at the counter first which is in the back. I know my favorite taco is fish taco. So I quickly decided on the two fish tacos, one steak taco, and rice water (wanted Jamaica but they don't have). The complimentary chips and salsa were great. The tacos came pretty quickly. I loved the fish tacos. The fillet was grilled to a nice brown color without breading and seasoned just right. My favorite type of fish taco. The steak one was pretty good but a bit greasy for me. I actually mentioned this place to the nurse during my appointment. She actually knew this place and said the fish taco was the best. I am just glad to find another awesome place for fish tacos.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,5/30/2014,124,515,5,14,10>If you break your phone screen, wet your phone or are in need of any computer repairs or phone accessories,  you'll love Fix that for you. My iPhone 4 got wet (which is a story for another day) and I brought it in for fixin'. While my phone was not able to be repaired, I found them to offer great pricing and helpful tips should it happen again. I was quoted a price of $30 bucks if the phone could be turned on/repaired. If it cannot be fixed, there's no charge. Here's the free advice I was given, if your phone gets wet, power it off immediately and leave it off for at least 24 hours. Try soaking it in a bag of rice too and using a dryer to get the water out.  While it may not work, leaving it on will definitely short it out.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/29/2014,187,236,4,15,4>After reading an article in the local newspaper, the Landmark, about a new diner that opened up in Brookfield earlier this month, I knew I had to stop by for a visit. Even though I could not find the menu anywhere online and the only place I've been able to find the restaurant's hours was in the newspaper article, I decided to drop by for breakfast. (For the record, the hours are 6 AM-3PM 7 days a week.) We were seated right away by Mary herself and our waitress took great care of us, even if she was a bit busy. I ordered the hobo skillet, which consisted of hash browns, eggs, and cheese (cheddar or American) with a choice of either toast or pancakes (I chose pancakes). For just under $6, this was a bargain! The serving size was generous and I had more than enough to bring home as leftovers. The hash browns were cooked to perfection, as were the eggs. I was also pleased that there was the perfect amount of cheese--just enough to get that great taste and consistency, but not enough to clog your arteries.Mary's Morning Mixup is more about the food, though. The atmosphere was homey and inclusive, decked out in cute Valentine's Day decorations (included heart-shaped doilies on the tray with the syrup and powdered sugar). The energy was positive and the staff were very welcoming. Dining here almost felt like we were being welcomed into a family!My only suggestions are to accept credit cards as a form of payment and to hire more waitstaff. Our delightfully friendly waitress was spread a bit too thin among all the tables, which led to a slight lapse in service (in terms of wait time). Of course, MMM is brand spanking new and kinks such as these can be forgiven.If I ever happen to have cash on me and I'm in the mood for some filling and affordable classic diner food, I'll be happy to swing by Mary's Morning Mixup (and you should, too!).
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/28/2014,73,240,3,5,3>Girls Night Out with my cousins a few weeks ago on a quiet Wednesday night.  It'd been a while since we'd gone out and we were looking forward to catching up.Anna Shea's provided the perfect intimate setting for us to talk, while having some of the most wonderfully pretty and delicious treats.  We indulged in each other's company and in Anna Shea's dessert this night.Parking is a breeze, plenty of space in the adjoining lots.  They have a nice corner location in the Arboretum.  The front of Anna Shea's is the chocolate shop and the lounge is in the adjoining room.  I took it all in my first time here this night.  Spent extra time perusing the chocolates and confections, asking for recommendations and descriptions from the staff.  I had noticed the Princess Tea on the menu and figured it would be something I might enjoy with my daughter, and when the staff showed us the exact tea set and tiaras, I was sold on coming back w/my 6-year-old for Mommy/Daughter time.We debated on fondue or one of the plates, but I went with the English Toffee Chocolate Based Coffee...wow.  It was like drinking smooth melted (but not overly rich) chocolate.  I asked for sugar-free Toffee but it tasted just like the real thing...as if they'd melted toffee into the coffee.  I complimented my order with a salted caramel macaron, a maple bacon chocolate, and a bacon caramel chocolate.  I've been on the search for the perfect macarons in Chicago, and this one at Anna Shea's came pretty close.  The caramel was the right salty/sweet and the shell was delicate but not crumbling.  The bacon chocolates were so good (and rich w/bacon bits and flavor), that I wanted to go back for more, but I held myself back.My cousins also all had varieties of the chocolates, and cupcakes.  Everyone was pleased.The lounge was just so inviting, pretty, cozy and perfect.  The fireplace kept us warm on the cold night...we were fortunate to get the couch directly in front of the fire.  There are also tables/chairs around the sofas/couches for those who prefer traditional seating.It's expensive, but definitely worth it to treat yourself to.  So much more I'm going to have to come back for - gelato, bon bons, other chocolates, wine...We closed out the place...we actually stayed a little past closing time, but the staff were so kind in letting us know.  We felt terrible for staying over, but they were so gracious about it.  Staff was fantastic all around.We've decided to make this one of our go-to Girl's Night Out spots from now on...but I also can't wait to come back just because as well.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,5/27/2014,371,418,6,7,8>MY 400th Yelp Review!!!! I cant speak highly enough of this company. I used them to rent tables, chairs and linens for my Labor Day Weekend 2013 wedding reception, in Naperville, IL.  Everything was completely seamless, easy and affordable. The staff seems to be pretty low energy/chill and at first I was worried that they sounded so aloof that they might not care enough to make shit right. But even after I changed my order 3 times, they still got everything done. The pick up and delivery was on time and exactly as described - and the prices were unbeatable - and trust me, I shopped around, I'm telling you - this company is MUCH cheaper than any other suburban rental company. I will be using them again in June 2014 for another huge party I am having. ...and any subsequent parties I throw....one more thing - if you're contemplating getting linens or not - get the linens!!! The tables are BEAT UP, you need to cover them, unless you want your guests eating on scratched up nasty tables. I mean the tables are STRONG but they are not pretty.... The linens are nice and affordable and make the tables look fantastic. ...it should be mentioned that the girl on the phone fully disclosed the quality of the tables to me.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,5/26/2014,56,172,4,7,5>Al & Joes is the kind of place that you're unlikely to find unless you're looking for it. That's a shame because the sandwiches here are pretty amazing. You'll find it in the shadow of the Mannheim bridge over the railroad tracks, which in turn is spanned by the Tri-State. This makes it a little confusing for the uninitiated, but the destination is definitely worth the journey.I came to Al & Joes for the subs. The Original Italian has a great reputation, but I like it a little spicier, so I opted for the Herbie, which comes with top notch capicola, pepperoni, salami and sharp provolone. One thing is certain - you will not be shortchanged on the toppings at Al & Joe's.If you're craving an amazing sandwich and are ten or fifteen minutes from Franklin Park, you should immediately plug the coordinates into your GPS, grab a trusted friend to act as a navigator, or do whatever is necessary to get to Al & Joe's for some great food.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/25/2014,52,231,2,10,5>50 yrs and counting. I've been coming here since I was a small kid. Good for young and old, not just old!The food is solid yummy and the beer selection quite nice. It's a slice of the wonderful neighborhood Cicero Berwyn once was.The chicken soup is really good with twisty noddles, chucks of carrot and chicken. Warming on a cold winter day.The Liver dumpling soup is insanely popular but honestly, who eats the poison filtering organ of the body? I guess older people who lived during the depression, I won't touch it, but everyone I know over 60 loves it here.The meatloaf is good, with a rich brown sauce and the beef with dill sauce is a touch of czechgoodness in your belly.The sourkraut is excellent- with the required caraway seeds and touch of onion. So good, I get a double helping when I come and skip the dumplings. You can get 2 kinds of dumpling though- bread or the thicker potato.Everything is so large, you can get 2-3 meals out of it and most meals come with soup and dessert- you cannot go wrong for the price.Don't park next door in the lot for the jeweler - they will tow!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/24/2014,107,169,3,5,4>What another great Corepower location!   Different than the one in Hinsdale, but quite charming in its own right.Located on the 2nd floor of Springbrook Prairie at 75th and Rte 59, the location is decent if you are coming from anywhere in Naperville, as well as Aurora and Plainfield.Things I like about this particular studio: high ceilings.  I'm 6'5, and when I do my mountain poses I don't want my hands going through the ceiling :) Fireplace in the big studio.  I love this ~ it's an awesome prop to focus your drishti on.  Also a nice benefit when doing hot yoga.  This studio also has a variety of props you can use to assist your practice.  Locker room (the guys one, anyway) is large and clean, lots of room to keep to yourself.  The teachers are awesome (like every other CorePower), and the students are very respectful of one another.Downsides: none that were glaring.  Some lightbulbs in the locker room were burned out.  Saving some energy is not always a bad thing....5 stars :)
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/23/2014,46,197,4,13,6>For me, the only thing that could have made our stays at Inn at Water's Edge any better was if the hotel were located in Paris or Brussels or California wine country. It's a boutique hotel stay at a budget motor lodge price. We have stayed at Inn at Water's Edge twice, both times in a queen room. Each time our room was spacious and spotless. Furniture and fixtures are of clean modern lines, natural tones, and variations in texture: espresso, sandstone, ivory, black, silver, leather, metal, tweed, travertine, glass. Our rooms included not only a desk and upholstered chair, but also a sofa and two leather ottomans/tables.  In some hotels the mere addition of the sofa/seating area would designate the room as a suite and bump up the cost significantly. WiFi and cable TV were available, of course. The large, well-appointed bathroom featured a generously-sized travertine walk-in shower and had the quietest toilet I've ever encountered. The furnishings are upscale and modern. I was smitten with the locally handcrafted organic French lavender & chamomile  bar soap. The shampoo and conditioner were an eco-friendly line from Gilchrist & Soames, a provider of toiletries to upscale and luxury hotels worldwide.All rooms are located on the upper floor of the Culinary & Hospitality Center -- accessible by key only -- and have floor to ceiling windows overlooking the lake next to The Mac. The view during our July stay was especially lovely as there were "islands" of flowers in bloom in the water. We had the surprising pleasure of watching a Great Blue Heron land and fish from one of the flower islands!Our November stay was more exciting than we bargained for. Our check out day happened to be the day of the tornado outbreak. I can assure you Inn at Water's Edge (& Waterleaf) have plans & procedures in place for your safety. Twice we were summoned by the alarm to ride out the threat on the first floor of the CHC. Glen Ellyn was, fortunately, spared that day. Many towns downstate were not so fortunate.One of my favorite parts of staying at the Inn is breakfast. There's an intimate lounge on the west end of the floor where the rooms are. You'll be treated to a continental breakfast plus. There is espresso, coffee, and a selection of teas. There is an assortment of fruit and pastries. There is housemade granola. But the most wonderful part of breakfast is the housemade yogurt. You have never had yogurt this good! In fact, I would book a room just so I can have the yogurt. With a bit of honey and some granola or fruit ... heaven!I can't praise the staff at the Inn enough. I've not encountered a more professional or friendly staff at any other hotel in any price range.They make you feel welcome. They make you feel special. They make you feel like you're getting away from it all even if, like us, you're a mere 5 miles from home.Fully and highly recommended.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,5/22/2014,137,199,6,18,17>"A great vibe." That's exactly what I felt the minute I stepped into this new Cafe, located just two doors north of the old Roxy theater in the heart of the Downtown Historical District.The sandwich board out in front heralded different menu specials of the day, but my visit was for coffee, pure and simple. I was greeted with a friendly "Hello" from the young man behind the counter as I made my way to the counter, and then asked what he could get for me. I told him and much to my surprise, he brewed my cup as I waited...nothing's just "warmed up" here. It just doesn't get better than that.This shop has kind of a Soho ambiance to it that I hope will catch on throughout the businesses nearby. The Olde Town Cafe is a breath of fresh air on State St, that much is for sure.  Let's spread the love!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,5/21/2014,135,187,1,11,6>I've always been a fan of the arboretum.  I first started coming here on field trips 15 years ago.  I enjoyed it then(mostly because it was a day away from classrooms) and I enjoy it now.A group of us went last night to see Illumination.  Absolutely amazing.  The weather was 25 and constant snow.  It was a winter wonderland.  Within a mile walk you will see lights(obviously) and trees(duh).   But you can interact with the trees.  You can sing to trees, hug trees, see your image on trees, all while the trees react directly with your voice, your embrace, or your image.  And much more.  The light shows are stunning.  The trail to see all of this has a few fire fixtures so you can get toasty warm in between sights.  There's also tents that serve hot beverages, sell glowing items, and for $5 they'll give you the stuff to make s'mores.  All this goes on pretty close to the visitors center and there were quite a few staff members along the way directing people, answering questions, and assisting in taking group photos.I only have a couple tips which are pretty obvious for the weather in this area.  Bundle up, layer layer layer.  We all had layers, kids in snow suits.  But after the 45minutes it took to see it all and take pictures, a couple of us grown ups were pretty stiff.  Go while it's snowing if you can, it really adds to the light shows!  If you go while it's snowing and plan on taking pictures, use a ziplock bag or a waterproof camera bag.  So that's my glowing review.  This is a must see.  It's great for the holiday season.  Everyone in our group ages 2-51 years had a fantastic time.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,5/20/2014,75,174,4,6,5>Not sure why I came here on one of the coldest days in history, but it was worth the trek. It was also busy on a day when the weather is so bad, so it really is a testament to their great food/service. Get the king of the hill omelette, which is pretty much breakfast's version of a supreme pizza, frittata style. The potatoes were not starchy at all and flavors integrated very well. Throw on some hot sauce and you got yourself a breakfast feast. Great service, great coffee, great food. I'm not sure if I had a really tall waitress, or the seats were really low. Either way, my neck was slightly strained from looking up to her while chatting with her.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/19/2014,62,147,6,12,10>I accidentally came across DMK on Yelp and I couldn't be more grateful for this blessing in disguise. Yes, I think DMK is THAT good! I loved it before I even met it, when I read through every line of the menu on their website. I couldn't help but be intrigued by the concoctions that are the burgers all across their menu. With ingredients like charred balsamic red onions, bread & butter pickles, and blueberry BBQ sauce...!?!? I had to get my mouth on these.We started off with two orders of fries: the Wisconsin cheddar & scallion fries, and the sweet potato fries with lemon tobasco aioli. My favorite of the two being the Wisconsin cheddar & scallion fries, it had a nice sweet, full taste to it. The sweet potato ones were just as good in their own right, but were a little dry. Still worth the taste either way. Next time I think I'll try out the Amish blue & smoked bacon! MMMM!Now for the burgers, I went with the Bison Burger--Fresh Goat Cheese, Pickled Red Onions, Blueberry BBQ Sauce... I absolutely HAD to try the blueberry BBQ sauce. The waitress kindly explained to me that it was pretty much just BBQ sauce that they made from blueberries....!!! It had a subtle sweet, smoky flavor, nothing TOO off from regular BBQ sauce but I still loved the idea of it. It paired well with the pickled red onions and goat cheese. Loved every bite.My friend went with the Chorizo, Guacamole, Sonoma Jack, Chipotle Aioli, Cilantro, Onions burger... essentially a Mexican-style burger, which was phenomenal itself. A little spicy for those who aren't into much spice, but I love it and enjoyed the few bites my friend let me have.They have a really decent beer menu as well, full of the familiar Two Brothers' IPA's/ales, as well as many other small brewery beers... plenty to try there.The service was great as well. The waitress was very friendly, suggestive, and joked back with us when we threw out jokes to her, which was fun.There is also a relatively good-sized bar area in the front by the entrance.I 100% plan on returning to try and review more menu items. Please stop in and try this place if you're in the area!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,5/18/2014,63,74,13,16,12>Yes, we're still loving Pie Boss pies. I've got 10 more frozen pies in my freezer (6 spinach and feta, 3 beef pasty, 1 sausage), waiting to be liberated from their chilly slumber, and tossed down the family gullet. (That didn't come out quite right, but whatever.)  So yeah, instead of a side of beef in my freezer, I've got South African hand pies. Because that's how we roll in Des Plaines - "City of Destiny."So go eat your's fresh out of the display case. There's not a lot of ambiance in the dining area, so your car will also do nicely. Unless you really love large maps of the world and enjoy talking to people from other countries (which I do).  My favorite way to eat the pies is tucked into a napkin by hand. They are not like those weak mostly liquidy pot pies you're used to. So don't be afraid of them pouring out all over your lap. These are hearty dense pies built by a couple brothers, and suitable for a man's appetite (after doing hearty man-work, like logging or telephone pole tossing or polishing your rims). You'll want to eat two, maybe three (if your rims were particularly dirty). Your dainty lady-friend will claim she only wants to try 1/2 of one with a house salad. Try not to smirk and roll your eyes, because everyone knows they don't sell salads! Because, what's the point of a salad, when you can bake veggies into a savory pie? Buy her 2-3 varieties, so you get the extras. That's called tactical dining.  You're welcome.If you're a lady who can relate to said tactical dining, hoorah! And please adjust above genders according to your personal predilections.If you're a man and a huge fan of crisp vegetables, not cooked into pie form...just stop OK? Cause I don't want you reading this review anymore.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/17/2014,196,166,1,10,6>Me encanta este lugar! (I love this place!)Went for dinner on a Wednesday night around 7pm and I'd say at least half the tables were occupied, so pretty good sign considering it's the middle of the week. The decor is adorable and really a sight! Huge sombrero & tequila bottle on the walls, awesome paintings/graphics, very clean space, and great food & drinks! While walking to our table, another had a cart beside it filled with ingredients: fresh table-side guacamole! We ordered it and it was really good, chunky guac. You can customize to put how ever much or little you want of each ingredient.We ordered a margarita with ginger and, I believe, peach. I could smell the ginger; very gingery & refreshing. Also got the sangria roja (red sangria), also really good. Also tried the classic margarita with salt rim; yummm. Our server brought out tortilla chips with a dark purpleish/black salsa and it was amazing! I loved it. A bit spicy, but not too much. I have no idea why it was the color it was, but so good, I meant to ask if I could buy a jar of it! We had to have seconds. I asked our server which Mole sauce she liked best or which one was most popular and she brought out four of them for us to try. OMG. I love them all. They are so interesting in flavor, especially that chocolate, nutty one, the Poblano. The story behind it is interesting, too. Legend says that a nun had to prepare a meal for an archbishop. She emptied her cupboards and mixed a bunch of ingredients to obtain unique flavors. I ended up ordering the Mole Poblano (chocolate one) with Arrachera (skirt steak.) The meat was cooked to my liking & good quality. I still had the sample Mole sauces and used them all with the steak, along with some of the guacamole. Also got to try the Arrachera Chihuahua with mushrooms, peppers & melted cheese. All so good! Black beans came in a cute edible tortilla dish. I was too stuffed for dessert, but want to go back & try the apple empanada, a special (especially since the last one I had was from Taco Bell & literally had no apples in it and was probably 95% hollow) and the Pastel de Chocolate Abuelita (flourless chocolate cake) and the Crepas con Cajeta (crepes with plantains) and the Capirotada (bread pudding,) basically everything.We definitely want to return, especially since my beau loves margaritas and drinks them weekly. Our server was great and we had a very pleasant experience. =)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,5/16/2014,158,280,3,9,7>Cookie dough on top of ice cream? I know I'm down. Places like this and food like this is the sole reason I run. Delicious noms eclipse personal development and a sense of accomplishment any day.I stumbled into this shop during a tour with Naperville Sites and Bites. While I knew this place existed, I've never stopped in, mostly because Fat Kelly is still in here somewhere waiting for an opportunity to escape.  On the tour, we tasted vanilla ice cream topped with chocolate chip cookie dough, but you have your choice of 24 ice cream flavors and eight cookie doughs. You can also get a cookie dough sandwich, which is your choice of cookie dough flavor nestled in between two house-made cookies of your choosing. Next marathon, I know what my victory treat will be.Anywho, it was love at first bite. The ice cream was practically silk in my mouth, and the cookie dough was everything I had hoped it would be. So rich, so creamy, so impossible to leave anything behind. This is a combo only Americans could dream up, and for that, I am proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free (to eat ridiculously fattening, amazing concoctions).
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,5/15/2014,31,287,3,7,5>Truth: over 6,000 children die everyday from hunger. In Djibouti, children are being fed mud cakes since they have no food. Within a few minutes of watching the orientation video, I was in tears at Feed My Starving Children (FMSC). Truth: you can make a difference by dedicating some free time. In two hours, our group provided food for 37 children in Djibouti, Africa that will last them a whole year. Whether your young and able or senior and retired, there is plenty of work for everyone regardless of your age or ability. Truth: a meal only costs 25 cents to make for FMSC. If you don't have time, you can make a donation. You can also sponsor a child by making monthly contributions where your money will go towards food, clothing, medicine, and education for organizations such as Compassion. May the Lord bless the children who are in need and the staff at FMSC.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,5/14/2014,304,479,24,34,31>I'm so glad that I discovered Toe Paradise.  While the name is a bit odd, they do a great job here!I've had two no-chip manicures here so far:  one regular and one french.  For $35-$40, these no-chips are absolutely reasonable.  I'm not quite sure what people are talking about as far as it being pricey - this is definitely one of the more reasonable no-chips I've had, and they guarantee their work for 2 weeks.  Both times I've been in I was told to just come back if there was any problem with my manicure within that time frame.  So far - no trouble at all!At Toe Paradise, the technicians are friendly and efficient.  I was offered something to drink more than once, and when I showed the technician a picture of what I wanted (a little bit of sparkle with my french manicure) they were happy to do what I asked, and even showed me a few different options as well.I think I may have found my new no-chip place!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,5/13/2014,25,49,6,8,8>It's a great little find tucked away in the corner of a strip mall. You can see the blizzard of colors inside from the parking lot, it's like peering into a box of fruity pebbles. Inside, the only thing they don't have is a square inch not covered by something. Bins and boxes, old action figures, play sets, Star Wars figures both carded and loose . I had (still have) a pretty decent Star Wars collection. There were figures I didn't even know existed. I walked around saying " I had that! I had that!" My wife and I bought an old fisher price boat, about 10" little people" to go with it for our 5 year old, a few record albums and a comic book, spent $40, but worth it. It's very close to my work, I will have to be careful or ill go broke. One thing to keep in mind, these are used items, some in pristine shape, some beat up. It looks like it mostly comes in right from people's garages or basements and goes right on the shelf. Please don't expect clean, polished items. Those aren't fun anyway!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,5/12/2014,180,52,6,7,7>Another great find from the Yelp-vine!This is by far, the best sushi restaurant in the burbs. I was surprised by the location. We always drive by this place and we didn't even know it exists! When we came in at 8p, we were seated right away. I was glad there wasn't a lot of people.Service: our servers were very attentive but not suffocating.  Our glasses were never empty and they move quick lol!Food: Everything we ordered were sooo good! I love all the free stuff we got: salad, miso, sample for that night (we got jalapeno bbq), steamed egg, and red bean ice cream. We ordered an appetizer, sushi combo, and 2 entrees. The Nikko sampler consisted of shumai, tofu steak, and gyoza. My favorite was the tofu steak - the outside was a little crunchy and the inside was soft and flavorful. The jap chae (korean noodles) was amazing as well. I've tried other korean restaurant's jap chae and Nikko's was the best for me. Lots of meat with adequate spinach and carrots. The noodles were perfect! We also had BBQ short ribs; it wasn't as sweet and tender as I would have liked but still great. My husband ordered the Nikko special combo. I forgot what it consists of. I wasn't too impressed with it though so I'm gonna have to try some other rolls. The red bean ice cream was a great sweet ending! I'm gonna have to order a big bowl next time!We'll definitely be back!!!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,5/11/2014,261,335,8,13,10>Don't ask what I was doing out in this neck of the woods but, fortunately for me, here was the Blue Goose. (No not Grey Goose). The Blue Goose and after I parked my car, what have they got going in front of the store but a BBQ!I like when super markets test my comfort zone, I like when I don't know what to expect in every aisle. The place is huge! And, unless my eyeballs were tired, every item in the produce section was huge!Some of their fresh made deli looked delish; and what a nice group of employees. Moderate prices for what I stocked up on; and a nice location, too! Stop in at the fresh baked items; the blueberry popovers got snapped up by me, as an aside. I have to say I'm a fan of the Blue Goose!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,5/10/2014,68,127,1,6,4>What a hidden gem!  My husband and I have been lamenting over the wonderful sushi spots we used to visit when I lived in the city... until now.  This place is very unassuming - it's near a Disc Replay and Best Buy for crying out loud.  BUT it so much better than any other suburban sushi place my husband and I have tried yet.  (cough.. cough... RA..)You can tell that they really have fun with their menu and yet still certainly know how to cater to their audience.  We got the Pink Lady, which comes in a martini glass with a LED light that changes colors, the tuna and avocado roll, and the spicy crab roll.  The presentation was fun and professional.  There isn't anything too crazy on the menu - mostly shrimp, crab, lobster, and eel - but they really don't let you down with how many combinations are on the menu.I think we've officially found our new sushi place!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,5/9/2014,160,353,4,9,7>The last time we went to Chef Ping was a number of years ago we went there for a party. We remember the food was really good so when my son and I were thinking about where to go, Chef Ping came to mind. It's located on the edge of Rolling Meadows and Schaumburg at just east of Algonquin and Wilke. For us, it's pretty convenient and we've talked about going back there for a long time. There is a very diverse clientele there which typically means to me that it satisfies a wide variety of people. The restaurant itself if very modern looking. But, the layout still reminds me of the Baker's Square Restaurant that used to inhabit the space. They have done a really nice job of redecorating, though,  and making the feel much more exotic.Service was a little slow, but the server was quite pleasant. Since the menu is more exotic than most of the Chinese restaurants in the area, we asked lots of questions. She was very patient with us and asked as many questions about what we liked as we asked of her. We settled on an order of steamed pot stickers for an appetizer followed by "Chef Ping Noodles" and an order of twice cooked pork.The pot stickers were fresh - served in the steamer and were served with the traditional pot sticker sauce and chili sauce. The added spiciness added a lot. While I would classify the twice cooked pork as average, the noodles were outstanding. We later learned that the original chef from Yu's Mandarin in Schaumburg, the one who made them famous for their hand stretched noodles, was at Chef Pings now. There was a wide variety of vegetables, pork and a number of kinds of shellfish with the noodles. It really was garlicky and scrumptious.Our meal ended up with the traditional fortune cookie. Interestingly, my son and I both had the same fortune - it was something about not having to worry about the future. That was a nice way to end the meal.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/8/2014,79,174,9,11,10>Never knew how many donuts I could eat in one sitting prior to checking out Sweet Mornings. I'm not proud of this, but you know, as the kids say, yolo.To be fair, this is your fault, yelp. I was perusing for suburban donut meccas one boring Saturday morning and had all but given up on the idea that something in the suburbs could be zany, unusual, and trendy. Then finally, I saw glimmers of hope. Amidst the reviews of boring, traditional, ye olde dunkin shoppes, I saw words like Nutella pretzel, salted caramel, and s'mores donut. I literally got up, got dressed (just kidding, I went in pajamas. I'm already buying a dozen donuts solo, the veneer of dignity is past me) and headed for Carol Stream.Mind you, the place isn't cute. I drove past it twice on accident. It's dim and teeny tiny, and I'm shocked people dine IN the space. But I didn't mind. I was there for one thing - donuts. A charming (approximately) 15 year old gentleman helped me pick out my selections and seriously, I had to have 12 to try all the flavors I wanted. Red velvet?! Pumpkin?! Cream cheese frosting?! STOP IT. I actually don't remember how much that dozen cost, I was so freakin excited - but it couldn't have been that much, because I wasn't shocked or anything.I waited till I got home to try one, but the car smelled so amazing, it was a struggle. When I FINALLY tried one - an enormous bite of the red velvet flavor - I was in heaven. Soft, sort of chewy, sort of crisp-edged, flavorful heaven. The frosting on each one is generous and complimentary, and the flavors are ACTUALLY dead on - the hubs knew the flavor of each one he (was allowed to) try without asking. I want to go back ASAP, but have thus far resisted - only because no one needs to sit in their pajamas pawing anxiously through a box of donuts with any sort of frequency. Yolo or not.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,5/7/2014,11,205,7,9,5>You know how financial advice about stretching your dollar always seems to include "save money by not eating out"? Well, I think they might need to change that to "save money by getting takeout from Kong Ming Express instead of trying to cook for yourself." My family of four ate two full meals and two of us also had lunch from one $35 takeout order from here. Typically, I do not sing the praises of large portion sizes. In many cases, restaurants make up for lack of quality with lots of quantity, but this was both yummy and bounteous. Our favorites from our order included the Beef with String Bean and the Broccoli with Spicy Garlic Sauce (spicy!). The Singapore Noodles were also pretty good, and our youngest ate up the (free with $35 order!) Orange Chicken. We'd order any of those again. We'll skip the Vegetable Lo Mein next time just to have the opportunity to find another home run. Also - veggie egg rolls were not the best. We'll try a different side next time.Overall, good stuff!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/6/2014,499,481,6,10,7>This clinic is operated by Spay Illinois, whose mission is to help bring affordable spay/neuter to all Illinois residents.  The Lisle clinic opened in April 2013.  I took my female cat here to get spayed for $65.  The cost includes post-surgery medication.  You have to call to make an appointment and the drop off time is between 7a-8a and the pickup time is about 400p-430p.  My cat was still asleep, so I had to go later around 530p for the pickup.They also offer vaccines, which is $18 for 1 year.  It is required that your pet is current on the vaccine before having the procedure.  Vaccine can be given on the same day as the surgery.  That's a pretty good deal considering that the veterinarians in the area charges somewhere between $200-350 just for cat spaying. They have a special in February 2014 for Will & Cook county residents:FEMALE CATS $20.00 MALE CATS $10.00FEMALE DOGS $50.00 MALE DOGS $50.00PITBULLS $20.00Limit 2 per household.  All surgeries includes pain medications to go home. If your pet weighs over 75 pounds additional charges may apply.The Feral/barn Cat Program is $40.00 per cat in Lisle and includes the anesthesia, spay/neuter, rabies vaccine, ear tip and pain medication.LOCATION: In a strip mall next to Groomingdales.  The sign says "Vet Clinic"
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,5/5/2014,45,72,7,9,9>Farm, Pizza, Drinks, Magic, Music, Yum!Heritage Prairie Farm is a wonderful escape from the conventional restaurants of the burbs.  It is a bit of a drive, which makes you feel like you are getting away but close enough that it does not take all that long to get there.  I have only been there on Thursdays, which is pizza night, but I have not been disappointed.  I have had their goat cheese, kale, and beet pizza the pesto pizza and the the margarita pizza.  Each of them are very good but the pesto was my favorite.  The beet pizza is unique and was great to try but I would easily pick the pesto over it.The farm has a nice vibe to it, there are veggies everywhere, a few animals, a bunch of places to sit and relax, and a nice fire pit.  To order you walk into a little shop that has a oven in back.  Inside the shop there are are a few other things for sale including; honey, goat milk, veggies and a few treats, including a s'more/brownie mash-up which was amazing!  After a few minutes they send you a text and you can pick your pizza up around back, find a spot to relax and enjoy.On the farm they have all sorts of wonderful things going on besides the food.  There is a bar that serves beer, wine, and some cocktails (most of which are local).  There was a live band playing one time, slide guitar and all.  Also, there is a magician doing tricks for kids but I have to say that he got me on the trick he did for us.  On top of all that there is enough indoor setting to throw a big party!  There are so many wonderful things making for a wonderful evening.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,5/4/2014,23,109,3,9,5>Wedding planning is such an amazing and fun process... Yep... Let's face it people... It's rough these days attempting to find a place that offers everything you want for a reasonable price!  We shopped around a LOT!  Most places that fell within the "banquet hall" category were outrageously priced for a dinner / drinks package.  Other places that were more along the lines of "thrifty hall" locations were cheap yet required a lot of work on the part of the renter.  Royalty West was more than we could ever have asked for!We had a Renaissance Faire themed wedding.  We made almost everything that was incorporated into the event as well (even our outfits and those that were worn by our party and family).  Unfortunately, due to the rains in the Chicago area we were canceled out of our outside ceremony site and left for the reception hall early.Royalty West was so accommodating it was absolutely amazing! While the finished preparing our meal we had our ceremony on the dance floor.  The ladies who assisted with setting up our event even poked their heads in to watch which was fine with us!  Dinner was to die for!  It far exceeded our tasting and our expectations!  We had the Chicken & Rice soup and Potato salad to start.  We moved on to our Family Style entrees which included Chicken Devoli, Roast Beef in Mushroom Gravy, and Veal Meatballs with Rice & Dill Sauce.  Our sides included Roasted Garlic Potatoes, Sweet Corn, and Potato Dumplings.  There wasn't one complaint about the food!  People were cleaning their plates!The servers and bartenders were absolute delights!  One bartender knew that there was only one thing on the menu that I could have.  He also knew I was the bride and was prepared without me saying a word to him every time I came near the bar!  Even if I was talking to someone I would turn around to a full drink!  When I politely asked that our head table be broken down for the band to begin *pow* It was gone!People have been telling us that it's the best wedding that they have ever been to and I realize that is mostly due to our planning... Some of that goes to Royalty West though!  They were absolutely great hosts and so reasonably priced that we couldn't imagine having our wedding anywhere else!  Even the dozen or so crashers from upstairs had a better time at our wedding than the one they were at! ;D
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,5/3/2014,118,202,5,6,5>As the French would say - I am le impressed.Franks you are awesome!  Keep doing what you do!The SO and I stopped in with a friend since I had been wanting some exotic dogs/meats.  The restaurant is a little hard to spot (keep heading south at the Binny's) but has easily accessible parking and is nice inside.  The menu is big, but not too big and well laid out.  There is tasty & free bacon popcorn (not sure if its bacon grease to replace the oil, bacon salt, or what) to enjoy while you wait.I ordered one of the day's specials - the bacon bomb burger - and an order of truffle fries.  This burger is a monster... of deliciousness.  It played out like 2 burger patties with bacon and jalapeno sandwiched in between, formed together into 1 patty, battered, and deep fried.  The fix'ins were simple (lettuce, tomato, onion, and possibly a special sauce?) but the flavor and fill was GIGANTIC.  As a big eater this thing could have filled me up and I wasn't over-it 2/3 of the way through like some foods in this category of healthiness.  I definitely wanted every last bite!  They did erase it from the menu after my order, so I'm not sure if its a pain to make or maybe there is some pre-fab that has to be done.The truffle fries on the other hand - good fries, good cheese, but compared to some other's I've had / made recently something was missing (and unfortunately I think it was most of the truffle-y-ness).  I'm not sure if they are just fried in truffle oil or how they are prepared, but the truffle flavor doesn't exactly burst through.  I didn't see any typical bits of black truffle fungus floating around, but at home we make it with truffle cheese.  Good fries for sure, but not a must-have at this time.I was also able to try the SO's dog which had mac 'n cheese and tomato.  A bit on the simpler side, but it was still tasty and well prepared.  I tried my friend's duck poutine fries and they were great.About our friend's order though - it got lost in the mix somehow.  When they realized the mistake they offered him some free fare, so knowing that he was already stuffed to the brim and we wanted to try a shake he got us a peanut butter, banana, and bacon shake.  The food and the shake were out in quick order.  The flavor in the shake was good, but the pieces of bacon were a bit too hard to "chew".  I'd soften them up a little bit - I'm not sure if this was too-cooked or too-frozen.Overall despite a couple of very small misses Frank's Night Out was both delicious and filling and satisfied my exotic dog cravings.I can't wait to come back!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,5/2/2014,73,90,2,6,4>$5 craft draft list is all u need to know yo!i've been coming here for years. After a few remodels, they really got it down. Their Nachos are pretty good. On Tuesdays they have free soup! the beer list changes regularly! my suggestion. go here on a weekday for some quality beers. Then go back on the weekend with friends and have a great time including a PBR tallboy and a shot of Malort for $5!. its a really social place with a lot of Brookfield young adults ;)  they got pool tables, video gambling and 2 pinball machines that usually rotate often.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,5/1/2014,47,68,8,7,6>Yo, yo, yo! This was our second visit, and I felt a need to communicate on what makes this place fantastic.- First, if you come at night, GPS that ish...their lights do not illuminate the sign...(I passed it like a dummy both times that we came...even after knowing the address.) Rest assured, they ARE open!- There is a thai grocery store next door/conjoined. Cash only there, so save up your dollar bills that you'd been planning on using for polekatz and come get you some curry paste and some spices that you can't pronounce/identify. - This is a small, cozy, Mom and pop joint. I would not recommend more than a party of five, at the max. BYOB if you're an alkie, or just go without for an hour (ya damned alkie) and settle in with a thai iced coffee.- Nice homemade type of flavor here. They have a nice 'transition' type of menu for peeps that might not be familiar with Thai food. You can get regular, stir-fry food that's not doused in curry. (Why would anyone want that?!) It makes me confident that I can bring my Mother/Mother-in-law without them running for the door at the first sight of something that's not portillos or mexican food.So, in summary, if you're content with a small Mom'n'Pop type of Thai joint for great homemade flavors on the souuuuuth side, come here! And unlike their grocery neighbor, they DO accept credit!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,4/30/2014,78,76,5,10,9>I've driven past here 1000 times in my life and I'm regretting not stopping in sooner.  Uncle Bill's is a thing of rarity.  Now that corporate restaurants are ubiquitous, it's hard to find places like UB's.  They have a really small menu but it's good, cheap food.  They're not trying to blow you away or anything like that, but the food serves it's purpose.With that being said, my sis had the navy bean soup (Greek fasolada) and she said it was really good.  My boyfriend and I both got the corned beef has with scrambled eggs and a side of pancakes.  It was good, just like home cooking.  Apparently they have the best biscuits and gravy (homemade). The waitresses are your typical "hi, how you doin', honey?" kind of waitresses.  I believe THE Uncle Bill's wife is one of the waitresses.  The owner is very nice and stopped by to talk to us, he was so nice!  The cook cooks your food in an open area, the kitchen is surrounded by a counter seating area.  You never really come across "open kitchens" like this anymore but it shows that they have nothing to hide (in terms of quality).  Anyway, it's a good place to stop if you are in the area and are looking for a cheap, good meal or some coffee.  Is it gourmet? By no means.  Does it serve it's purpose? Heck yes!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,4/29/2014,104,234,8,9,7>Been wanting to try out this place since this came up where the old Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen in Arlington Heights was. Interestingly, there is a Cooper's Hawk closer to me in Wheeling.From the outside, this place looks very fancy schmancy. Inside, it lives up to the fanciness of the outside. The decor was very modern and appealing and this place isn't one where you would typically bring your kids, although they do have a kids menu. There's an entire section for wine connoisseurs (read: lots of white people) where you can sample and buy wine and enjoy the many wine books and other do-dads that wine people feel they need. Personally, I have slowly became a wine person versus beer, but not enough to appreciate all the merchandise that is associated with wine.We had reservations at 7, but was informed to wait for a bit. A bit was about 30-minutes so we ended up passing the time observing all the wine connoisseurs, especially a drunk old dude who felt like he was the king of the world. When we did sit down, the waiter was very nice. Tip: order the Asian Portbelly Tostadas -- you will not be disappointed. They were extremely tasty and packed great flavor. We also ordered the chicken al pastor stuffed mushrooms that were extremely good too.For entrees, I ordered the blackened ahi tuna, which was cooked perfectly. It was seared Rare and had with wasabi Sauce, with a side of cilantro Citrus Rice, and asian coleslaw. I never had "asian coleslaw" before, but from what I could tell, it was just a bed of cabbage.Overall, pretty delicious. Kind of pricey, but what you expect for a fancy place that has the word "winery" in the name of the restaurant? There's also a wine club, if you are into that. I know a few people who are members and they enjoy its perks.BATHROOM REVIEW: Pretty swanky as well. Everything was automated in terms of the flushing of the urinals, faucets, soap dispensers, and dryers. The mens bathroom had 2 stalls 2 urinals and the bathroom was wired to pump in super bright loud music so you can sing a tone while peeing . The stalls also had toilet seat covers which is cool. Sit or squat? Sit!!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,4/28/2014,83,281,4,8,6>This BBQ place grows on me each time I go here.Coincidentally, my waist size also seems to grow each time I go here.This seemingly-hidden gem is located in an odd part of town and I, sadly, forget it's there half the time. One night I had a hankering for some Q, yelped for options and JD's came up.We were apprehensive. Then we realized there was a drive-thru (for real!). Sure, the drive-thru was slow, but it's not a fast-food chain.The prices were reasonable and the BBQ was...is delicious. I want to go in to the location to try the micro beer selection and see the decor. But, for now, I'm content enjoying the delicious, local BBQ from the comfort of my own home...even if that means I have to wait a little longer in a drive-thru to make that happen.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/27/2014,93,293,1,7,5>They make fresh homemade mozzarella daily.  They feature approx 8 craft beers brewed on premises, and guest brews too (on this day they notably had Small Town Brewery's root beer (beer that tastes identical to Rootbeer soda pop) and brewed locally in Wauconda, IL.  They also make their own wine and holiday glogg.  The fish and chips were great.  Service was great.  Will definitely be back!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,4/26/2014,270,833,8,13,10>I love coffee. I love local businesses. This place marries the two together.I have become a...well...coffee snob. If you are in that club as well, this is the place for you! Coffee Planet is located in the old Caribou spot, and they offer a variety of really different items that other places (both chain and local) do not. For instance, their cold brew coffee, or the pour overs. They even had a maple bacon latte. What?! They brew Metropolis coffee (local from Chicago), as well as sell Rishi teas (another awesome brand). I highly recommend Metropolis coffee!If you like local art, this is also a great place to showcase your own art, or take a peek at some others' work. There is a fireplace, and plenty of places to sit and chill. The owner was very helpful and definitely has passion behind what he does!Love deals? This place has a check in offer ($1 off a coffee), a punch card, and if you come Mon-Fri before 9AM, you get a free pastry with your coffee purchase!It is a little expensive (Starbucks prices), but the quality is much better. Also be aware that if you order a pour over, they do take a little longer, but it's worth it!Do if you're looking to try something new and support a local business, this is your place!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/25/2014,57,83,7,8,6>I'm a big fan of this place, especially their lunch specials. For about $6.99 you can get a 10 inch pizza and a soft drink or bottled water or a whole host of sandwiches with fries and a drink. Where can you beat that?Aside from their thin crust pizza, which is crunchy and super thin and topped with toppings to the edge, they make a good burger. The Belly Buster is grilled over an open flame and served on garlic bread with sautéed onions and American cheese. Simple and darn tasty! Plus the fries are crunchy and delicious. I'm loving this place whenever I am feeling a righteous burger or a thin crust pizza. They are carryout only. Oh yeah. One thing I love about their pizza is they cut a round pizza into squares. Reminds me of the old days at Vito & Nick's on the South Side. Give them a shout. They deliver too but they are so close to my house that I just can't wait for the delivery guy to show up at my door. I go get it from Lucano's!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,4/24/2014,48,243,4,6,5>I'm a complete soccer novice...but my cousins who are big fans let me tag along.  This was my first experience at a game.  While it was a little breezy in the bleachers we were seated in, we got to walk around and I know what section I would choose next time! (I ended up buying a hat and scarf while trying to warm up!) The parking lot smelled delicious with people fixing food even before the game started! The Section 8 cheering was fun to watch and I'm sure even more fun to be in the middle of...I would definitely come back!!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,4/23/2014,168,718,8,9,10>I am in LOVE with this place.  I have yet to try everything I wanted to, but I sure made a concerted effort my first time!!The first time we came, our waitress was Gosia, and she was amazing.  She guided us toward her favorite things on the menu and was SO attentive throughout the meal.  We liked the food and Gosia so much that we returned a week later hoping she was working--alas, she was not!  Our server was really nice and attentive, though.  I am just keeping my fingers crossed that Gosia is working next time!I am also not ashamed to admit that we were back once throughout the week, but for takeout.  Don't you judge me!!The whole place is really cozy and has a "homey" feel.  We sat downstairs the first time, and upstairs the second--by the bay window, so it was GORGEOUS.  What a view!!But anyway, my kids ordered the chicken nuggets meal--it comes with a HEARTY portion of chicken nuggets and fries.  The kids really loved them!I had the minty spiked martini--SO amazing.  It goes down so smoothly...maybe a little TOO smoothly ;)I also had the split pea soup with ham (special on Saturdays).  Let me say.  I megaloathe peas, but this was AWESOME!  It was so different and tasted amazing!My husband had the grownup grilled cheese sandwich and thought it was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches he's ever had.  This is high praise for him because he loves those little suckers!I had a bacon burger with fries and it was REALLY good.  I also ordered a side salad, and their ranch dressing is to die for!  Not from a bottle, nosiree!!When we ordered dessert (of COURSE we got dessert, duh!) it was reminiscent of my childhood!  I recreated a dish that my family used to have in Missouri when we visited my grandmother.  It's chocolate ice cream, marshmallow topping and malt on the side.  Yeah, it sounds strange but it's delicious!Now that I have been talking about this, I really want to go back!  I am already figuring out when a good time would be!!  LOL!I highly reccommend anything from here, and I can't wait to try it all!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/22/2014,52,535,5,11,6>Hong Kong Cafe is a very unique Chinese restaurant.  It is not  a fine dining place and it is not exclusively a take out place.  Hong Kong is in between the two and a little bit of both.  Of course they do have take out as an option but during the lunch hour many people come to eat in.  The set up is simple with basic chairs and tables that seat four to six people per group.  Upon arrival you are offered green tea and hot and sour soup.  Both are excellent and slightly unexpected given the simplicity the restaurants atmosphere conveys.  Again, the interior decor and set up of this place you would expect your food to come in Chinese take out box but Hong Kong Cafe is far from that.  The menu is extensive and the dishes are exceptional.  You can gather this from the authenticity of the menu items as well from the majority Chinese patrons that frequent this location.  I had the Chinese Curry Supreme which comes with chicken, beef, and shrimp. It was excellent and filling.  Hong Kong Cafe is popular among the coworkers so I hope to come back again so I can try some other things on the menu.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,4/21/2014,112,483,3,13,5>I have driven past the Tinley Park train station on Oak Park Avenue many, many times. I've even gone to the farmers market in the adjoining parking lot. And sadly, I never knew Cavallini's was even there. We were invited to a Sunday afternoon party at Cavallini's. It was absolutely delightful.What a nice place for a party. It is a very modern, but classic at the same time. The light fixtures are a stand out. The train that runs overhead was a big hit with kids - kids like to push buttons and make trains go.The staff did a great job, extremely accomodating, very friendly. Food was great. The menu was sausage and peppers, meatball, potatoes, plus brushettas, artichoke parmegan breads, caprese salad and more. Worth checking out if you need to host a shower/baptism/reception.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,4/20/2014,38,217,4,10,6>Might be my new favorite beef. I've already been here 3 times.I love that they load on the cheese, and then melt it.  This gives the fresh bread just the nicest little crunch.  Well flavored beef.  I'm a hot peppers guy, which weren't overpowering- just enough on the samich.  I've had both the reg. cheesy beef and the garlic; I did think the garlic was a bit overpowering which took away from tasting the beef, but was still very good.The fresh cut fries even held up well to doing takeout and getting all the way back to the office for lunch. mmmm.They just need to add shakes & malts.No bendy straws here.  :P
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,4/19/2014,110,138,7,6,6>I love this place, never disappoints.  I only been here once, but I heard so many great recommendations about it and they sure proved them right!  The food was unbelievably amazing and the service was superb.  I didn't get to walk around the restaurants to see the atmosphere since I was stranded in a private party room.  Although, just walking into the restaurant, the way it's set up with a bakery/winery mini store...which the desserts seem to die for.There aren't many in IL, I don't even think there is one in the city, so do check it out if you are in their areas.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,4/18/2014,21,25,6,10,5>I've lived about 100 feet away from this spot for the past year and a half so I figured it was high time I reviewed it! The food here is always hot and fresh (unlike yours truly) and the owners are fantastic. Seriously, my husband and I ordered from here almost every Sunday for about 5 months straight last year while having our Walking Dead viewing parties and the female owner still asks how our friends & family are doing. She remembers that I'm in healthcare and my husband works late. She'll sometimes have her young daughter there working on homework while she sorts sauce packets and wipes down tables and then there is an older gentleman as well - it's just very much a small, family business with an emphasis on great customer service. Hell, I went in there with the flu one time and she gave me won-ton soup. My favorite is the Basil Chicken - it comes with a metric ton of fresh veggies (pea pods, bell peppers, carrots, broccoli, etc..) and has just enough kick to make it interesting. The Sesame, Kung Pao, Twice Cooked and Orange Chicken are all good choices as well although I'm a dirty heathen that will always prefer the OC at Panda Express over any other. The aforementioned won-ton soup is tasty (I've had a patient request it be delivered to her while she was in labor) as are most of the appetizers I've tried - beef on a stick, steamed dumplings and crab rangoon are the first to come to mind. The only thing I don't absolutely adore from here are the egg rolls. They're not bad, don't get me wrong, but I'm a Villa Park girl at heart and Tong's Tiki Hut will always hold first place for the biggest, baddest (and greasiest -shhhhh!!) egg rolls in the Villa Park-Lombard-Elmhurst metropolitan area.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,4/17/2014,151,128,5,6,5>Kama has been on my bucket list for WAY too long. After so much anticipation, I'm very happy to report that my first experience was outstanding!I stepped into their old space once (on Burlington) some time ago to grab a menu. It looked pretty cramped. The new space on La Grange road is awesome! The colors, decor, and lighting are beautiful, and the lovely stretch of windows up front made it feel spacious and cozy all at the same time.We sat in a booth. We had the most friendly and patient server who didn't seem to mind at all that my husband and I have zero knowledge of Indian food. She was so helpful, and made what turned out to be some fantastic suggestions. We had the bacon wrapped prawns to start. Delicious. For dinner we ordered the Tandoori Platter, Eggplant Bharta, Lamb Roganjosh, and garlic naan. Good thing we had a damn booth, as there was absolutely no free space on our table after that feast of food was delivered. My favorite things were the eggplant and the lamb. The flavors in both of these dishes made me swoon. I like lamb, but it is such a right-up-in-your-face gamy tasting meat. The sauce that the lamb was cooked and served in made it taste sublime. I'm definitely getting that next time. The naan is dangerously addictive! If I hadn't snarfed two big pieces down, I could have probably finished my dinner like a good girl, but no. I happily had leftovers and I very happily took the eggplant to work the next day for lunch. I was on top of the world! I usually eat Wheat Thins or yogurt at my desk for lunch; so my lunch was a great treat that day. My only little disappointment was that the chicken pieces in the Tandoori Platter were a tad dry. But the seafood and lamb sausage were right on the money.I'm excited to go back! There are so many more things I'd like to try. Including those lamb tacos on the appetizer menu. Word has it they're spicy. (Don't disown me Maureen M.!) Maybe. Just maybe......
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,4/16/2014,59,151,2,7,5>We were going on a work lunch and a coworker suggested Francesca's. I do not live out by Frankfort so I had no clue of this place.Well I was happy we came here but a little mad I couldn't try out the wine menu and had to return to work. Someone recommended a pizza so I ordered one with sausage and mushroom. Before the entree's came out, we got bread and oil on the table. Most my coworkers had salads and soups. I was just waiting for my pizza. Wow, was it great! The thin cracker like crust was much like I'd expect at an authentic Italian place. My coworkers all loved their pasta. The best part about this place is that even if I recommend a dish, their menu changes often so you might not be able to order it. It's great because the restaurant can focus on a handful of good dishes at a time and rotate their meals.Since lunch was on my employer, we all ordered a delicious dessert. I really wanted the tiramasu but they have a lava cake that called my name. The service isn't super fast here, so sit back and enjoy your meal!I would definitely return here and bring some friends.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,4/15/2014,124,106,2,12,6>We booked a room here for my friend's baby shower, and from the beginning booking experience to the shower today, the restaurant made the vent fabulous! If you've been to other Francesca's restaurants, the food is consistant, traditional, and oh so yummy. There were a few things, however, that really stood out to me and why I'll always consider going to a Francesca's for a small event like a baby shower:* they don't charge for the room reservation!!! Literally every other place that we looked at either had a minimum number of people (20 or more) or charged at least $150 for the 3 hour event. When Julie, the coordinator, told me that they only charged us for the food we ate (and of course tax and gratuity), I was sold!* the variety of menu options for our event was great! We could do a family style, sit down plated, or (what we chose) a buffet appetizer course. They had a variety of menu options as well as a variety of price points, based on the quantity of food and how long the service lasted. Their special events options made it so easy to find an option for us! * the appetizer buffet was perfect for our baby shower of 13 people! We started with passed appetizers of chicken skewers while we stood around and chatted. When we sat down, we had a buffet of white pizza (delicious!!), bruschetta, and a risotto. I loved that they charged us per person, but refilled the buffet as many times as we needed during the hour of food that we paid for. AND we got to take home anything that was left! When our food time was finished, they just left it out for us to nibble on while we chatted and opened presents. Not only was the food delicious, but no one left hungry.* I left Julie know that we had one of the guests who was allergic to gluten. They were AMAZING with providing us with gluten-free options for every piece of the meal! They provided gluten free bread, a small plate of gluten free bruschetta (which they kept refilling!) and one of the pizzas was made gluten free as well! All this, with no extra charge to the event!* one word...doughnuts! Francesca's is affiliated with Glazed and Infused and we were able to order a tray of 50 mini doughnuts for $35! They have a variety of doughnuts including maple bacon (yum!!!), pumpkin chocolate chip (a seasonal but very yummy), and even did a gluten free for our guest that is allergic to gluten! Although you have to ask for the option, it's a great way to get something different!I was so pleased with the service, the food, and the overall experience! This is definitely going to be one of my go-tos for events AND a nice dinner :)
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,4/14/2014,850,1294,7,14,12>I really love this little delikatesy, and I do mean little. It's pretty tiny but it's cram packed with Polish favorites from the motherland.Honestly, I could care less about the packaged goods (Delicje, Pierniczki Alpejskie, Kucharek). In Chicagoland they are pretty standard in traditional American supermarket under the "Ethnic" sign. It's nice that this is local, so I do buy Eastern European essentials; however, I always come here to buy meats and cheeses from the deli counter.The deli display, like the shop, isn't all that large, but they have a decent selection and there are a couple standards I always walk away with (fresh baked White Rye Bread, Morski Cheese, Krolewski Cheese and Double Canadian Meat). I find these make some of the best sandwiches I've ever had and the price is comparable to other grocers. I'm not a huge fan of pork, but the majority of the sliced meats are ham-like and I like them all.It's nice for my fiancé and me because they don't just carry Polish items, they also have some stuff from the Balkans. We've got our eyes on a large bag of Vegeta (like Kucharek) and I believe they also had Kraš chocolates and cookies. They have tons of instant soup mixes and juices, too. My favorite is višnja, sour cherry.A typical shopping basket of ours gets filled with a loaf of bread, 2/3 lb of sliced cheese, 1/2 lb of sliced meat, a jug of juice, a candy bar, and some type of jam. This last trip only cost $15.30.Come around lunchtime for their hot meal deals. It changes up a bit but usually showcases potato pancakes, pierogi and stuffed cabbage rolls.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,4/13/2014,13,150,19,21,20>After reading all the great reviews I finally made it. Its like a real Joint that is made for and by Foodies. Be prepared for a huge menu they will make any decisions incredibly hard. I had a Gyro and my wife the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger but the highlight was the enormous loaded Fries. They start with some excellent double fried fresh cut fries and load on chili, bacon cheese Amazing! The Gyro was loaded and very good and my wife really enjoyed the burger. I can wait to eat my way through the rest of the menu. This place is a real gem in the chainstore overloaded suburban landscape.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,4/12/2014,27,47,4,7,5>I love me some Greek/Mediterranean diner grub, so I just had to check this place out.  A lot of variety on the menu (the name of this restaurant is a big, fat liar!), but we ended up going with the Greek chicken and chicken kabob dinners.  The food-price ratio is great--you get a boatload of food for what you pay.  The food is 3-star quality to me, but I bumped my rating up a star based on the value alone.  Greek-style bone-in chicken is one of my favorite preparations of bird, but at Just Kabobs, it was Just Ehh.  They transferred the pre-cooked chicken from the line to the grill to my plate, which I know is common practice at Greek diners, but flavorwise it just wasn't all that great--it seemed to be missing that olive oily, lemony, garlic-and-herbs crispiness and juiciness Greek chicken is known for.  If you tried Jester's in Elgin, you'll see what I mean.  All in all, good, fast service and good, cheap food.  Whenever I'm in town again, I'll probably stop by.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,4/11/2014,27,158,7,9,6>This place is hands down my favorite mexican restaurant in the area. Um, I don't know what the ONE super negative review on here is talking about, but my suggestion is if you make a comment about a restaurant being "packed" but then claim "all the people" were all complaining about the food, you are contradicting yourself my friend. Places that have awful food are not packed. And I was there that day, which makes this claim all the more redic.There is a reason why this place has mostly 5 star reviews. The food is homemade and fresh. The chips are hot and made to order. The salsas are flavorful and made fresh. You can literally watch the owners prepping the food as you wait. The steak tacos are by far my favorite. I love them, and I normally don't eat very much red meat. They are my crack. My cow crack. The rice bowls are also amazing. And, the flan. The BEST flan I've ever had anywhere. Period. It's ah-maz-innnng.And how bada** that they have Xingu beer, which is a very tasty beer that is typically hard to find. If they have a soup special, do it!!! Their soup makes me want to swim in it, it's so good. I want to bathe in the soup goodness. Prices I feel are reasonable for the quality of food. $2-$3 range for tacos is not expensive. If you think it is, you belong at Taco Bell. Basically, I am a regular here. I eat here typically 2-3x a week, and I see the same people regularly coming in and out. Check it out. And eat a steak taco, because they are the bomb diggity. And don't be crabby when you walk in there and there's a line out the door. Because I will probably be sitting there eating my steak tacos *sighing contentedly* and don't take kindly to people ruining my happy vibe.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,4/10/2014,15,87,7,10,6>I went here the other night for what was officially the 10,000,000th time. Yup, got a plaque and everything.There are weeks where I am here 3x a week and many a day where I am here 2x in a day (my office is a block away). I have loved this place since it opened and continue to love it today.The menu is filled with some terrific, never changing standards like my favorite a la Diabla taco, Bien Trucha taco, Ceviche, etc. However, the other night i had the de Camarones Cazuelitas and almost died right there. It may have been the single best dish I have ever had in my life anywhere in the world.Bien Trucha provides a perfect experience. To sit outside in the courtyard, eating under the sun-protection canopies, great music (neither too loud nor too soft) playing in the background, drinking the world famous margaritas, should be something everyone on earth strives to do once in their lives.Come to Bien Trucha. Give your name to the hostess, walk down the street for a drink (or hang in the courtyard and have a drink), come to the restaurant when they call you, enjoy incredible margaritas, top notch creative food that is magnificently presented, and experience a place that Chicago area people are really lucky to be able to visit.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,4/9/2014,76,143,5,7,5>The fancy fries are amazing, but if you're getting a burger, ordering is a bit odd. Everything comes with chips or fries, but if you want to get fancy fries (the Mediterranean is fantastic) you have to order a separate order of fries. So, if you're dining with another person and you both get a side of fries, AND you want fancy fries, you end up with 4x the amount of fries and only 1/2 of it fancy. Should be a way to order for 2 that involves just a simple up-charge for fancy fries- otherwise you end up with the entire state of Idaho in front of you. Wasteful.I ordered the Scratch Burger. I was really good, although I don't enjoy tomatoes and they have a "no changes" policy, so that was just another bit of wasted food there. Drinks were fun since they all came in cans (I had no idea some of these beers came in cans!) and the "plastic" glasses you get are actually recyclable, so I get the whole "green" thing they are going for. Just seems odd that they would recycle glasses but not try to waste less food. Seems to me like they are still working on getting their sea legs (aka restaurant legs) in this place.  I did enjoy the food and beverages, the service was fine. Just a lot of odds and ends to fix here.I say it's worth going on a night that they wouldn't be slammed, otherwise I can see the staff stuck in the weeds all night.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,4/8/2014,39,72,5,8,7>Good stuff!We decided to have dinner before the Christmas parade in Crystal Lake at Georgio's... I think everyone else had the same idea!The wait was literally 1 1/2 hours and we waited every minute of that time.  We had a party of 15 and you know you've been waiting for a table for a long time when your party has taken over half the seats in the bar.Anyway the wait sucked but it wasn't the restaurants fault.  The bartenders kept the drinks flowing so the time went by pretty fast.When we got seated, our waitress was a real doll.  She really did a great job with a huge party who wanted separate checks during a totally swamped time.  We ordered appetizers right away and they were literally out in 5 minutes, which was awesome.  The pizza was also very good, we had the deep dish mama primavera with pepperoni added to it.  Very good deep dish.  They have a very distinctive sauce that is very tasty.The best part, not as part of the review, but for the adults in the party, we were sat right by the window, so when the parade finally started, the kids ran outside to see it and the adults could watch, nice and warm by the fireplace with a cold beverage in hand.  Very good night for sure.I would recommend Georgio's for good pizza and a nice atmosphere.  I don't think it's a very good place to watch sports.  Maybe they can improve on that.  But it is a great place to take the kids for dinner.  They also have some pretty good drink special.  $2 bottles on Saturday... unheard of!!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,4/7/2014,25,298,2,11,6>This little coffee shop is on the first floor commercial area of Orland Park's Ninety7Fifty apartments which were just constructed right next to the train station. Nice little location, but you really cannot see the coffee shop very easily. Luckily they operate the coffee shop in the train station also, so you can get a taste of their food before you jump on the train.This is a nice shop and I hope it lasts. Today everything seems bigger and busier, and this little shop is a throwback to a calmer experience. While location may be a problem for driving traffic, the trip is worth it. You can sit comfortably among a number of the antiques they display, and enjoy any number of coffee offerings. They also serve a number of pastries which were very nice. Give it a try sometime
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,4/6/2014,63,60,8,11,9>Bigby's is a hidden gem. Like the island on the hit TV series "Lost," Bigby's is the sort of place that can only be found by those who have been there. And possibly mathematician cartographers. Unlike the Island on "Lost," it is not going anywhere and it's a super inviting place to visit. It might be a little hard to find at first, but if you like beer, wine, or just a happy place to hang out, this place is a big win.I have found that many places that serve craft beer are maybe a little like wine bars in that they can be pricey and a little pretentious, but Bigby's is wonderfully relaxing and down to earth. "Want to try a great beer? Cool. Try this." It's like someone took an awesome local bar from Orange County, and dropped it, inexplicably, behind an Italian restaurant in Addison IL. It's a nice change of pace, especially if all you're used to is loud sports bars. It's cool, low key, and a great place to hang out with friends or bring a date. Bigby's serves some interesting wines and a wide variety of craft beers (bottle or draft) that rotates all the time- and from what I have heard, patrons help select what's next in rotation. Bartenders are smart and approachable and are great at giving suggestions that really pay off. Beer is served in an appropriate glass- sometimes really crazy glassware- for the best possible drinking experience. There is also a nice but limited menu if you want to stay for a while and you get hungry. Everything is reasonably priced.If you're looking to get into craft beer, hang someplace nice before going to a movie, or want to go to a bar where you can talk, unwind, and enjoy some light food, I can't think of a better place that deserves your business more. Remember, you just have to find it first.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,4/5/2014,44,300,4,10,5>I've been to Niche several times since my first review - and this place is fabulous. Fresh ingredients, delicious drinks, creative menu that is frequently changing, and excellent service. I believe it is the best restaurant in the tri - city area, and the closest thing you will experience to Chicago dining in the suburbs. We recently went to Niche for their New Year's Eve dinner. It was a 5 course delight, from the lobster roll to the coffee creme brule. I enjoyed two margaritas with dinner - orange and pear flavored and they were wonderful. My husband absolutely loves their old fashioned with the special cherries, and our friends also enjoyed the Niche version of the Irish coffee. The menu was delicious, the service excellent, and the evening memorable,  as it should be. I will continue to come to Niche for special occasions in the future.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,4/4/2014,30,137,2,7,8>Chicago Dough is now our favorite pizza joint in New Lenox, for both delivery and eat-in. When this place first opened, we weren't sure we liked their pizza. We decided to try them out again recently and found out they're doing something with their crust and their sauce now that we really like.They also have an excellent dine-in buffet (daily for lunch and Mondays and Wednesdays for dinner) with pizza, salad, soup, pasta, breadsticks, some of the best chicken wings I've ever tasted with an excellent breading, and dessert pizzas with fruit toppings. In fact, the lunch buffet is so affordable ($7.49 per adult, $3.99 per kid) that my sons were able to take the whole extended family here recently for a party and split the bill between them.The New Lenox location is decorated with some really unique, cycling-related artwork because the owner is apparently a cycling buff (which my husband really appreciates, since he's one too), and the service is fast and friendly (they even gave the grandkids extra pieces of pizza dough to play with, which really kept them occupied).
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/3/2014,428,1216,6,12,9>So much love for this place.  Good and simple, fairly fast, cheap.  Fricken delicious.  I swing through on a regular basis when I've got appointments in the area, or when I get coiffed at Ruelle across the street.  Parking is easy, with spots in front sometimes, and a small free lot next to it. It's tiny. Order at the counter, they bring to your table. I haven't tried the carne asada fries. I do adore their salsas and guacamole. Wonderful enchiladas and tacos with fresh toppings.The owner is a doll. So friendly.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,4/2/2014,16,40,8,14,8>For E+O, I'll keep it simple to avoid confusion - this place is amazing.First and foremost, however, tapas are dangerous. As the new culinary genre of choice, tapas restaurants are springing up everywhere from strip malls to train stations (seriously). As with all trends, the increasing number of knockoffs begins to sour the public perception of the product. Needless to say, I've been burned by tapas restaurants before - poor, yet expensive, food. Thankfully, E+O renewed my faith in small plates with its fresh take on this Spanish style.A last minute decision and reservation brought me here this past Saturday, and the distinct, savory smells of a Japanese kitchen that greeted me at the door let me know it was the right choice. From the moment my gf and I sat down, we were blown away by the waitstaff. Working in tandem, our two servers were incredibly attentive and helpful. Each made fantastic recommendations without seeming overbearing. This great night out was truly made perfect with their help.Moving on to the heart of the review - the food! Under our waiters' guidance, we ordered two small plates, a sushi dish, a main plate, and a desert, which turned out to be just perfect for two hungry patrons. First up to bat was the "Its Like That" maki roll (spicy tuna topped with shrimp and fried onions). Despite its unconventionality, the unique marriage of flavors worked remarkably well. Indeed, it was my girlfriend's favorite dish of the night.The steak/bone marrow tacos and the crispy brussel sprouts, batting second and third respectively, quickly made their way to our table after we finished our maki roll. Both of these crowd favorites were spectacular. Having never tried bone marrow before, the familiar taco proved to be the perfect vehicle for introducing us to the rich, savory flavors of this visually barbaric treat. My only complaints would be: (a) "I wanted more;" and (b) they were difficult to assemble. For our main plate, we again deferred to our waiter's recommendations and ordered the Argentinean Gaucho rib eye, which our waiter insisted be served with additional chimichurri on the side - he was right! The steak was massive and cooked perfectly. The fried egg was my personal cherry on top and perfectly completed the dish. The potatoes, which accompanied the steak, were equally spectacular and even caused a mini-spat when I greedily gave myself the lion's share. Sorry, Katie W!To atone for my aforementioned greed, I ordered the carrot and pineapple cake as a peace offering. This ameliorative gesture turned sour when I sunk my teeth into THE BEST DESSERT I HAVE EVER TASTED and proceeded to devour it in as few bites as possible. The cake was impossibly moist and maintained the perfect level of sweetness throughout. This is the dish that will be bringing me back for years to come; a surprising admission for a Yelper missing a sweet tooth.Overall, E+O is one of the most memorable dining experiences I have encountered this year. Everything from the food to the service was downright impressive, and I simply cannot wait to return in the near future. Please, do yourself a favor and visit this unique, suburban favorite.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,4/1/2014,56,208,6,8,7>The pho restaurants that I frequented while on holiday in Ho Chi Minh City, Danang, and Hanoi have nothing on this humble little place in downtown Naperville-excepting the lack of hot Vietnamese girlfriends.  The food here is fantastic! It's obvious that Chef Nguyen takes his profession very seriously, and the freshness of the ingredients and the stellar presentation thereof are emblematic of his earnestness.The crispy eggrolls, although deep fried, are light, delicious, and ununctuous (I just made that word up-I mean they aren't greasy).My Bun Bo Hue was gorgeous and had the perfect level of piquance.  I would suggest going a bit heavier on the beef, Chef Nguyen.  Also, a word of advice to the wait people: When a formerly hip, middle aged white guy-even a well traveled one- orders the Bun Bo Hue, don't offer the "Blood Cube", because you're likely to turn his ravenous appetite into a churning, gurgling pepto-bismal craving case of pseudo traveler's stomach. I guess it's in  keeping with the Vietnamese tradition and the authenticity of the food, but the mere thought nearly gave me the dry heaves.The Green Basil Com Chien is loaded with shrimp, beef, veggies, etc and is delicious.  And the Pho Ga is delicious and perfect for kids, as it's much like a revved up, Asian style chicken noodle soup.The décor is nice, but I nearly ruptured a disc sitting on a chair that needed to be repaired, and the service is friendly, but not necessarily frequent.The prices are very reasonable.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,3/31/2014,65,392,4,10,5>Now that's what I'm talking about. Whoever created and manages this place needs to franchise this! Showed up at prime time Sunday morning. Got a nice thin number to hold onto. Host called out the number in about 5 minutes and we were seated at a clean table. The upside down coffee cups were NOT sitting directly on the table, but on nice little napkins. Nice touch!Coffee was good, staff was efficient. Ordered a sampler that had everything I wanted, a couple slices of French Toast, bacon, sausage, and scrambled eggs. Simple.Syrup was real maple syrup. Jelly basket had Smucker's jelly in it and lots of options, including apple cinnamon jelly... Nice big portions of everything. Food arrived quickly.All in all, everything was spot on.In fact, I forgot to bring my bill with me when I went to the register to check out and they brought it up instantly and I paid without running back to the table.They even know how to use the TECHNOLOGY! Cool!TIP: Check out the SAMPLERs for 3 quick options...
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,3/30/2014,771,552,7,11,8>I LOVE this place!!! $60 fed 5 adults the first time I visited. Awesome.I have to credit this awesome find to Andres D. With his bad ass pictures he lured me into checking them out. Now I find myself there on random weekends enjoying breakfast with friends. The first time I visited was mothers day. We all got skillets, I've tasted them all and not one disappoints. I mean some are not my style but nevertheless, worth ordering for some people. My favorite skillet is the Three Little Pigs - bacon, sausage, and ham with melted jack cheese, mmmmmm. I know I know, some of you are wondering why El Mariachi (Bacon, avocado, jalapeño, and melted jack cheese) isn't my favorite, being Mexican and all, but I don't like warm avocado and there isn't enough meat in there to satisfy ANY mariachi. Just sayin.Besides the skillet, the first time (and every time there after) I just HAD to share the baked apple stuffed French toast. Whoa. Bad idea because since then I've "shared" one every time. It has this delicious sweet cream filling that I can't get enough of. Add some doughy bread and baked apples, it's a done deal. Explosion. In. Your. Mouth. The good kind of explosion, the kind with a happy ending. That could be misinterpreted I guess.....umm......MOVING ON! Baked Apple Breakfast Company is where it's at. Check them out.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,3/29/2014,157,219,4,10,6>So I was jonesin' for brunch when my best friend on the planet told me she was coming up to visit from Peoria. I thought about takin' her to my go-to breakfast spot...but then the thought of champagne and mimosas popped into my head and I couldn't push it out. It was definitely time for Drury Lane. I hadn't been to brunch at Drury Lane in years, but it's one of those memorable occasions that you just can't forget. For $26 plus tip, you can have all the food and mimosas that your little (of big) tummy can handle. And let me tell you...My bestie almost had to roll me out of there. Seafood bar? Check. Omelet station? Check. Crepes, pancakes and waffles? Check. A million different options? Double check.  Ah-mazing. Of course, Drury Lane isn't just for brunch. I've seen countless shows at this classic little theater. Much more reasonably priced than downtown theater, but just as wonderful, I've never had a bad seat in this house. Singin' in the Rain, Brigadoon, and many others seriously made me happy.  During intermission, head to the bar for a quick and delicious cocktail. The bartenders are friendly and accommodating.  Plus there are often snacks on the tables and bar. Who doesn't love bar snacks?!If you haven't been to Drury Lane, go check it out. I'm a total fan.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,3/28/2014,204,102,6,12,9>I can't believe I didn't have a review for Columbian's taste since its been here for 2 years now. My mom works right down the plaza so whenever I visit, I try and check this place out.The menu isn't extensive but I'd rather choose a dish from a category of 10 vs 100. This place is a small mom and pop shop and is doing fairly well. I got a sandwich the last time I was here with their potatoes. The sandwich was by no means small and the potatoes were like our potatoes but much starchier. They're delicious (especially when you dip it in their homemade salsa). I have also tried their mini empanadas and I can't recommend them enough! They're fully homemade and you can taste it! The outside is absolutely delicious and makes the whole dish!! I ask for an extra large salsa and go to town and these. I do have to warn, the salsa is HOT but if you like spicy, it'll definitely hit the spot!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,3/27/2014,195,301,5,11,7>Five stars!  Here's the breakdown and rationale behind this stellar rating...Tribes is the only place you can go in the area to find a large selection of the highest quality of beer.  The draft beer menu is extensive and they offer special brew events even the most learned beer connoisseur can appreciate.  I love Belgian Sours and this is the one place I can find them in the Tinley area outside of Binny's.  Not only that, they have more than one on the menu!  Breweries from all over the country and world are represented and you can find a local specialty brew (Revolution) or the fine brews of the region (Brewery Vivant) or the best of the best (i.e. Belgians).  The food is bar fare amped up.  Lamb lollies, Pork belly BLT, lobster roll, bison or elk burgers...you get the idea.  They even have local bluegrass musicians get together for jam sessions every Monday.  I highly recommend listening in and enjoying a brew with some fantastic background music.  Tribes is really a gem in the area and offers a great destination for those looking for great craft beer, fine whiskey and fantastic menu options in a casual and laid back setting.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,3/26/2014,34,80,4,8,6>Zanies has finally come to the suburbs!  This venue is similar to the city venue as well as comparable to the layout for Second City.  Of course, it is nice to not have to deal with all of the traffic of the city to get here.  The new Balmoral exit when heading north on 294 is a dream.  You can easily find your way into the stack up parking and meander over to Zanies.  Plus, if you're hungry beforehand there are great restaurants in the area.  Be prepared for a wait if you choose to have dinner after the early show.  My guest and I arrived for the Tone Bell show early and wound up with awesome front row seats!  It was quite a nice treat.  Plus, if you attend a show and get on their texting list, you can plan to receive texts for free tickets from time to time.  Our service was excellent throughout the show.  Our server repeatedly checked up on us, and she made excellent drink recommendations.This is a place not to miss!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,3/25/2014,55,113,7,8,6>My dad drives 20-25 minutes just to get pho from here because he insists it's the best in the area....he's got 56 years of noodle eating under his belt so I trust him on this one. Finally, I was in the area to get a taste for myself. As I pulled up to the dingy looking strip mall, I see carloads of asians unloading and lookin hungry and I figured they're not going into the mexican restaurant or 7-11 so I powerwalked my way ahead of everyone.I got the Beef noodle soup with all the trimmings, duh. The broth was phenomenal....perfect for a cold day. Beef ball, tripe, tendon, rare beef, etc...all was spot on! Fresh sprouts, basil, jalepenos, and the Hoisin/Sriracha just killed it....in a good way. Great service and my to-go order only took about 10 minutes. Two thumbs up!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,3/24/2014,50,171,4,9,8>I have a secret (or not so secret) obsession with Indian food, spicy Indian food to be more specific.  Clay Oven over delivers on both fronts.  My coworkers and I had a simultaneous hankering for some serious Indian eats, so I let Yelp do the talking (of course) and found that Clay Oven was pretty close to our office.Their $7.95 lunch buffet offers a nice variety of dishes that are a little more spicy than many other buffets that I've tried (and I count this as a good thing).  I didn't realize that my dining companions were spice averse, but they agreed that Clay Oven walks that fine line between spicy and "oh my gosh, the insides of my mouth are melting."  I say that there's enough spice in their dishes to warm my belly and put a smile on my face, but I'm pretty sure my stomach came with a fireproof lining (so don't take my word for it).Also worth noting, one of my coworkers is vegetarian, and she still felt like she was going to have a food baby because their offerings include quite a few veg friendly dishes.My two favorite dishes were the saag and the goat curry (with naan; I chose not to fill up my stomach with rice).  The samosas were pretty delicious too, as was their green mystery sauce (I'm not sure what it was, but it was sort of spicy & herby...and I put it on their potatoes as well as on the salad). I'd say skip on the overly cheesy gulab jamin, however.I will definitely be getting my next Indian food fix from Clay Oven!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,3/23/2014,298,465,6,12,9>This is DEFINITELY one of my fave places to eat out in the suburbs!  I mean, what's not to love about an all you can eat meat buffet?!  This is a Brazilian steak house, and here in America that means all you can eat, delicious meats that are cooked over an open flame with just course salt and also a fabulous salad bar that comes with your meal.  Everything is always super fresh and beyond flavorful!The salad bar has everything from traditional lettuces with toppings, to cured meats, gourmet cheeses and delicious potato salads and chicken salad.  Yum!  They are always replenishing the bar, as well and always there to hand you a plate.  Did I mention that this place has amazing customer service?!  Your water glass will never be 1/2 empty and they are always bringing around fresh cheese breads.  Now on to the meat.  Chama has some of the best around.  Nice and charred on the outside with a delicious, salty crust and perfectly done in the middle.  I prefer med-rare and they ALWAYS have some ready to slice off for me!  I could just eat meat here until I popped, it is just that good!  You don't lose anything when it comes to the quality here, despite being an all you can eat place.  It is just that good.You just cannot go wrong here, period.  Some of the best service around, reasonable prices and delicious food all around!  Run, don't walk, to Chama and get your meat on!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,3/22/2014,169,686,4,7,7>A cute, cozy little caffe in the middle of an otherwise gloomy strip mall in Naperville? Count me in! I finally got my butt over here for the first time today and I was glad I did. I knew I'd like it based on the New England-y name, and I was right.The price for the coffee might seem a bit steep, except that it actually tastes good and you get all the free refills that you want. I didn't try any of the fancier beverages so I'm not sure if they can be made vegan or not. There also appears to be quite the selection of sandwiches, salads and other solid consumables.The owner was super nice and fun to talk to. You can tell he really cares, and that makes me feel especially good that I didn't go to Starbucks instead!Apparently they have live music on Friday nights, so I'll have to check that out some time.The only way this place could be better is if it were within walking distance of my apartment, but it's probably good that it's not, as I'd undoubtedly be here like every day.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/21/2014,49,155,4,10,7>I've seen a few shows here, and I've got to say, I kind of love it! It's a small theatre, but I really haven't found a bad seat in the house. I've sat in the front row, I've sat in the back row, and I've sat all the way on the side and each time I was able to see facial expressions and everything going on. Most recently, I was here for a Second City show and right before it started, they set up this little cabaret table with 4 chairs in front of the front row. That was obnoxious considering the people in the first row then could not see around the people sitting at that table. So, that was unnecessary and not worth any ticket up-charge IMO.Bathrooms are big (no lines!), parking isn't bad (street and garage parking), and there are plenty of restaurants around if you want to eat before/after. If you live in the NW burbs, you really can't beat the convenience. It's nice to have a place like this in my 'hood.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/20/2014,69,261,9,14,9>This is the restaurant for a waistline-busting, penny-pinching homebody. Because you'll feel like you're at home, spend only a couple of bucks, and have to be rolled out.Merichka's is no fine dining and they don't claim it to be. I haven't read through the reviews, but my guess is there are some negative reviews about the greasy food. If you're coming to Merichka's - guess what?! - it's going to be greasy. So go or don't go, but know there will be grease. You've been warned.And when you go, do yourself a favor and don't go against the grain: get the steak po'boy. Extra garlic sauce on the side, with a twice baked potato. Oh - and try some of the onion rings.The garlic sauce is a greasy garlic mess of caloric deliciousness. The twice baked potato is as big as your head. And for somewhere under $10, you'll have enough onion rings to feed a small army. But the sandwich! Oh the sandwich. My mouth waters thinking about it. The cubed steak is tender like butter (or roasted garlic, in this case) and the pickles are the perfect addition to the taste. If you eat all of it, you may have a problem. So in the case that you do have leftovers, pop them in the broiler and it'll reheat just fine.And remember: this is a diner. It's a fun, low-key place with below average service - don't let it ruin the experience. Be prepared to wait on weekends!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,3/19/2014,78,284,6,7,7>If you ask a Chicagoan where to get a good hot dog, I bet a lot of people would lead you here. As far as Chicago hot dog places go, this is definitely one to mark off your list and it's worth the visit and time.I came here for the first time this weekend. It was lunch time on a Saturday and I expected it to be pretty busy. The parking lot was full upon arrival. This is partly due to all the people waiting in line and partly because since there is no seating, a lot of people opt to tailgate in the parking lot and eat there, either on their car or by their car, sitting in the seats they've brought along. So just because someone is by their car doesn't mean they'll be leaving any time soon, so keep trying to find parking.Once you do that, you'll wait in line for a bit. I think we waited about 15 minutes, which is actually less than I was expecting. The number one rule: do NOT ask for ketchup. Luckily I knew this going in, but if you didn't know that, you know it now. They don't have it and will likely give you an evil look for asking or kick you out Soup Nazi-style (but probably not). No, you can't even for your fries. Truth be told, you don't need it. I'll get to that in a second.The toppings available for the dog are mustard, onions, peppers, and relish. Blech to all. Personally, if I'm gonna get a Chicago dog, I want tomato and a pickle spear. To each their own, I guess. I got mustard only because I can tolerate it sometimes, and this had to be one of those times unless I got it plain. The dog comes with fries. This does not mean a side of fries. This means fries right on top of your dog. Initially, I was disappointed because I thought I would want more fries than what was given, but I suppose they know what they're talking about because they were pretty filling.This costs around $2, which is pretty darn cheap! It's incredible that you can get such great food for so little. They also have a double dog which is not two separate hot dogs; it's two hot dog weinies on one bun. It's fun watching the guys put everything together. They move so quickly, like rapid fire. Then you pay (cash only) and you eat. A good place to eat is on the window ledge outside (I'm serious). So what's it like to eat a hot dog with fries simultaneously? Pretty darn good, which is saying a lot since I'm a traditionalist and like my food items separate, thank you very much. But I said, hell, this is how they do it, so this is how I'll eat it. The hot dog was good, but not the best I've ever had. The fries were to die for, though. So simple: cut potatoes, put in oil, put salt, boom. Yet somehow, they were incredibly delicious and slightly greasy. I was sad when I finished them.If you're in the area, you should definitely pay it a visit. I don't know that I'd fly my personal plane i just to get it (I'm looking at you, Travolta), but it's worth trying.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,3/18/2014,180,420,7,9,6>I'm (was) the duke here and I haven't even properly reviewed it!  What the heck.The first time we came we ordered a ton of food cause we wanted to try it all.  We got the small pizza and I got a frutti del mar and wifey got the pasta arrabiatta.  Daughter got the spaghetti kids meal.  So first off, they only have fries for the kids meal.  Or bread.  I asked for veggies like brocolli or something and they gave us a salad.  With onions.  For a 20 month old.  Well she ate the tomato (the one slice of tomato) and I ate the rest.  I think if you have a kids menu you should be looking out for some healthy options.  Even McD is trying to do this now.  So hopefully Maciano's will consider something other than fries.  They give a coloring menu with some crayons so that keeps my daughter busy.The floors are a laminate and it's very slippery.  It's kinda fun sliding across on your chair, but also potentially dangerous.  We went around 5pm and got in before the rush on a weekend night.  Around 6pm there was some crazy line.  At one point they had a big group coming and set all the tables together, but then they separated them and started seating people.  It kinda made me think of that game Diner Dash.  It's a pretty intimate setting.  When I see the building from the outside it seems like the kitchen is 3x as large as the seating area, but that's just what it seems anyway.We've been here a couple more times and enjoy it.  If you sign up for their email list you get a coupon.  And they send other coupons pretty regularly.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,3/17/2014,171,116,9,10,7>Friendly and knowledgeable staff. The studios are clean, and the locker room makes me wish my bathroom looked like that.My trial week started on Monday. My goal is to go to at least one class per day. So far I've gone to Yoga Sculpt and and CorePower 1. Both are challenging classes, but not daunting. The instructors are inviting and challenge you to push harder for just a bit more. Thus far, I would describe CorePower as a combo of flow yoga and intensive cardio. Plus, each class has been in a "warm" environment. I have never sweat so much during a workout. I'm starting to regret eating all those burritos this year. My sweat often resembles salsa verde. That's healthy, right?There's plentiful parking, including an underground garage right next to the studio. No complaints at this point. Gotta run to another yoga class.Namaste!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/16/2014,119,128,4,13,9>Ed is awesome and he comes up with the best creations! I seriously had one of the best burgers ever when he made me the burger in my picture, it was mouth-wateringly delicious!Ed is so personable and a cool guy to just sit and talk with!  He truly cares about his customer's service!So their food is deliciously yummy, their staff is kind and happy to assist their customers, and the place is pretty sweet too!In the warmer weather, they cater to big groups on certain nights when Road & Track Riders of Chicago want to do a bike night meet up, and he let's us all park right out front so we can keep an eye on our bikes.The place inside has a decent amount of seating, some TVs if you want to watch the game or what not, and even a game console..perhaps the Wii for Wii bowling?  Is there an Xbox there too? Not sure, this is a pretty sweet place to grab some delish grub, and meet up with some friends to just chillax!   I would definitely much rather give my business to this local yummy high quality place, than just going to Domino's or Pizza Slut (where my husband has gotten violently ill from... yeeesh)So if you're craving a delish pizza pie, pop on down to Frato's, they're awesome!!!::EDIT::Update!:: I have shamelessly gone to Frato's twice in three days, and successfully eaten Frato's each of those days (yummy left-over pizzaaa!)My buddy & I ordered an 18" Vegetarian Goat Pizza with the "thick" crust, aaaaand it is now my new favorite pizza.  *I'm a sucker for goat cheeeeese!*The "thick" crust was perfect though, it wasn't crazy thick like a deep-dish or anything, it was more similar to what I would describe as hand-tossed, or "regular" at other pizza joints.  It was perfect...  Two pieces (square cut, they must do this unless you specify triangles) and I was full... so there were leftovers...for the next two days... which was fine by me, even though we split the pizza 50-50, I still had food for the next two days and I got to enjoy my new favorite pizza again & again!Then tonight, the hubbs was home, so I thought I would take him for his first time EVER!  We were both actually feeing burgers/sandwiches, and wanted to eat-in.  I think for him, I had hyped it up too much because he was let down, and it wasn't everything he was hoping for :'(.We walked in, and who I think was "Jessica" turned to look at us as I smiled, but neglected to extend a warm welcome greeting, and she just walked to the register. :(I showed hubbs that I think when eating in, we just walk to the register, stand there awkwardly & read the menu.  When we walked in though, I saw the "Specials" foldy-chalkboard with Chef Ed's latest burger creation, "The Minnesota Maple" and being a Minnesota-native, this girl just had to give it a go...and it sounded amazing  (see my pics for description and photos of it!) so we gave Jessica our order: that MN burger, his triple cheeseburger with tomato, grilled mushrooms & onions, and split an order of the "Chef's Salted Black Truffle Parmesan Fries"...we paid over $20 for our order, which the hubbs thought was a bit excessive, since what was to follow left him disappointed and tummy hurt.We sat down in one of the booths, and he popped in to use the restroom to wash up for dindins.  When he came out, his hands were dripping wet, and he was upset because there were no paper towels stocked, and the dining room was dirty.  I told him to give it a chance and be in good spirits & optimistic when we got our food. We thought when we dined-in, Jessica or someone would bring us our order, but hubbs went up to grab it & our ketchup.As we dived into our mouth-watering-looking burgers, I was happily impressed with Chef Ed's newest burger creation, while my husband's bun was folding in half, trying to break & escape his burger, and chomping on very chewy "grilled" onions, increasingly gaining sadness on his Frato's experience, whereas my tasebuds were having a happy-mouth-party...When all of a sudden another employee came over to gossip/bicker/scold/argue with Jessica while she was cleaning near the trash cans loud enough for us to hear... I don't think this was the appropriate thing to do directly in front of your customers... then it continued behind the counter near the pizza-making-station...now including more employees... We just looked at each other awkwardly feeling awkward at what was happening & again deteriorating at hubbs' first time experience...Not sure if Nina sensed it, or if she just wanted to pop by, but she came to our table to check on us, and tell me she remembered me :) & to let us know if we ever have any problems or anything to just let her know...then she offered us some ice cream samples! WHAA? Frato's has ice cream!? Who knew... Thanks to Nina, the kind and ever to sweet Nina, I think our experience was salvaged a bit, she is so genuine & awesome, absolutely great customer service... hubbs says if he ever came back, it'd be because of her.Better luck next time? :-/
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,3/15/2014,63,167,3,14,7>I saw the reviews and I was interested in a trying a different kind of cuisine, so I headed out to Bisi on a Saturday night.Walking in the first thing that I noticed were the flickering compact fluorescents in many of the fixtures in the ceiling.  I don't know if my vision is off cycle or if something is wrong with the wiring, but it was a little disturbing.There is a host station at the door, but nobody was there.  No employees of any sort were even visible.  After a couple of minutes we seated ourselves.I only describe this because I found it a little odd,  but I had read the Yelp reviews indicating that this is a new restaurant and it is being run by a husband and wife team without any other employees.  I understand growing pains, but maybe a "Please seat yourself" sign would make patrons more comfortable.Another sign of the newness of Bisi is the clean, but spartan atmosphere.  I don't like a bunch of junk and neon all over a restaurant, so it was fine with me.  Some might feel like the space is not finished.  There might a little room for customizing but for now let them concentrate on the food and service since that is what really makes a great restaurant.While the walls may be bare, the tables were nice with tablecloths and cloth napkins.  The chairs were comfortable too.Eventually our server came out with food for the table next to us.  He then greeted us and thanked us for our patience.  I liked that he acknowledged the delay.  He started us off with some water since Bisi is still working on their liquor license. ( I don't drink soda or tea.)  I'm hoping for a few craft brews when they do offer beer.  It is easier to be patient with a drink in your hand.We had ample time to review the menu as it became obvious that our waiter was also the busser, host, and who knows what else.  He maintained his pleasant demeanor throughout our visit despite his many roles in running the restaurant.I was not familiar with several of the items on the menu, but the Yelp reviews had somewhat prepared me.  I didn't really know enough about the food to ask any questions, but each item was fairly well described in the small menu.  I picked three separate meals even though there were only two of us, with the expectation that we would be taking some home.  I wanted to experience some variety on my first visit.The steamed rice with a tomato based sauce and plantains on the side was good, but plain.  The sauce was served on the side in a little bowl and I felt that while tasty, the amount given was not proportional to the amount of rice, so it got a little lost.The jaffa rice and goat (and more plantains) was tasty.  The way the rice was seasoned reminded me of Spanish rice, but it was fresh and moist... better than what I get in Mexican restaurants.  The goat was served as two small/medium sized pieces with the bone in the middle.  The meat pulled easily and cleanly from the bone, but was a little tough when biting into it.  Perhaps that is the style.  The flavor was very good.The Efo Riro, fufu, and fish was my favorite.  Efo Riro is listed as "spinach soup", but it is not soup in the American sense of the word.  It is wet, but not swimming in broth in a bowl.  It is more like southern style greens with spices and smoked turkey.  I liked it a lot.  The fufu was like dense mashed potatoes and served as a nice counterpoint to the mild spices in the spinach.  I believe the fish was prepared by deep frying a whole fish minus the head after it had been covered in some kind of seasoning.  I'm no chef, but that is how it appeared to me.  I was told that it was an Alaskan whiting (also known as Alaska pollock according to Wikipedia).  I mention the preparation because it came with all the fins and bones which some people might not prefer.  My wife usually avoids things like this but she dug in and enjoyed it this time.  Working around a few bones was worth it.  The fish was moist and tender and delicious.  It is definitely not a knife and fork operation though, so don't be afraid to get your fingers in there.Each of the three dishes that I ordered were $10.  I suspect that these prices may be adjusted as Bisi matures to account for the vastly different ingredients on each plate.  For example, is a plate of rice and plantains equivalent to a Efo Riro and a whole fish?  I have no complaints, but that is just my observation.Overall, I am glad that I dined at Bisi.  There are definitely some rough edges to be smoothed out at this new establishment, but the food was unique and tasty and the service was friendly.  I hope that they can scale up appropriately as more people find this place, because even four tables seemed to be taxing the current staff a little.  I'm rating Bisi as 4 stars with optimism and a recognition of its newness.  I like independent restaurants much more than chains and I want this one to succeed.  I will be back and I hope they continue to improve.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,3/14/2014,16,94,7,9,7>First time to Freddy's and I will definitely be back.  Had to try the Meatball sandwich since it was so hyped up and let me tell you it lived up to the reputation...hands down the best in town!  Grilled panini with shaved ham and italian cheeses was also phenomenal and the simple salad with olives greens and some of the smoothest Feta you will ever taste was a great way to start.  Top it all off with authentic creamy gelato and Freddy's transported me back to a small market in Naples.It's a tiny place, there is no formalmenu (its really a small italian grocery store that happens to make incredible dishes) and only takes cash so be prepared.  Everything is served on paper plates so don't go there for a fine dining experience, just unbelievable food and an authentic homemade Italian meal.  Can't wait to go back to see what's on the counter next time!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,3/13/2014,131,471,8,10,9>I biked a good bit of this trail today: from Kline Creek Farm to Main Street in Lombard.  There was actually a decent amount of traffic even though it was late in the afternoon.  Most trailgoers seemed relatively friendly (smiles, "hellos"), but there definitely appeared to be some creepers..It's pretty scenic and there is good tree cover on most of the trail.  The only downside is having to cross various streets.  The visibility around some corners isn't great, so proceed with caution!  I do like that at each street intersection the trail marker notes the name of the street right at the top!  Be careful where you tread: there's some dog mess here and there.  Sadly there is also some litter, and I encountered some high school kids (ones I know, actually..) smoking pot under a viaduct in Lombard.  Kyle H. had it on the money (aside from the drugs, lol): I found, like, ONE water fountain (in Lombard). I'm definitely going to see how far I can go on this trail - it's pretty awesome despite the inconvenience of having to cross multiple roads.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,3/12/2014,154,291,8,16,9>I am in Homer Glen very often yet I never came across this farm before. What a great little treasure in the middle of no where! $ 5 dollars per adult to go to the farm and pick your own goodies. Or you can just go grocery shopping in their little shop with homemade honey and the farms produce. They had more veggies than I thought..and an abundance of peach trees. They also have bee hives (be careful!). It was a great way to spend a nice afternoon. Many people took their kids and they have wagons were you can place your fruits & veggies. There is also a hen house to look at the chickens. :-) Definately will go apple picking here this fall.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,3/11/2014,86,198,4,12,8>If you're anything like me, your first reaction after walking up the stairs to enter The Wandering Dragon will be, "How did I not know about this place?" In fact, one could make a strong argument that it's the best kept secret for gamers of all kind in Plainfield- The only way I event found out about it was because we were looking for a place to play Magic the Gathering at on a day other than Friday, which works better for my friends' schedules... Making this the one time I'm actually thankful they work such weird hours.So, for any place that's in a downtown-y location my first worry is always parking. I used to live in downtown Naperville and I know what a nightmare it can be to need to park on the street. This isn't the case with The Wandering Dragon, as the nearby library on Illinois St. has a huge public parking lot that's within incredibly easy walking distance to the store. Oh, also, another tip- Even though The Wandering Dragon's address is technically on Lockport St, the entrance is actually on the west side of Illinois St.Anyway, I play a LOT of Magic in the Chicago area, and even the best venues typically have some sort of caveat. They might have a great play area, but the storefront for buying Magic cards and accessories is severely lacking. They might have a great storefront, but the play area is totally cramped, too hot/cold, dirty, poorly ventilated (read: smelly), or features bathrooms so filthy your hands feel less clean after washing them in the sink... I could go on. The Wandering Dragon nails it.The play area is great, featuring clean tables, comfortable clean chairs, actual framed posters and art on the wall, a vending machine that sells snacks and soda for reasonable prices, a nice size TV to watch between rounds, and more. Tournament organization is fantastic as well. We played four rounds and the whole thing went incredibly fast. I prefer numbered tables as it makes it friendlier for newbies, but it seems like the player base there knows each other well enough that such formality isn't necessary, at least at the event I attended.Overall, the vibe of The Wandering Dragon couldn't be better. It totally feels like a place that you would actually want to meet friends at to play a board game, card game, or anything else. They've flawlessly managed to bridge that weird gap between nerdy game store and actual cool place to be.It's a hell of a drive for me from Lisle, but I'll definitely be back for more Magic at The Wandering Dragon whenever my schedule allows for it.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,3/10/2014,149,479,5,13,7>I tried their pink velvet cupcake last summer, but ate it way too late and couldn't write an accurate review.  I purchased a vanilla bean cupcake off the truck one sweltering hot Tuesday afternoon and was disappointed by the dry cake and grainy frosting.  So, I decided to purchase cupcakes from the actual bakery to get a more accurate representation of their cupcakes.And boy oh boy, I was not disappointed.  These cupcakes are beyond legit.  I purchased a Yelp deal which was $5 for $10 worth of goodies.  I took a peak at the flavors on their websites and knew I wanted to try the lemon raspberry and the chocolate bacon beer.I stopped by around 3:30 on Saturday afternoon and there was still a very good selection of cupcakes including the two I wanted to try.  I also purchased an apple slice, which basically is a square piece of apple pie to make sure I hit $10.After dinner, I sampled half of each cupcake.  The lemon raspberry cupcake blew me away.  The cake was moist and I loved how it was filled with a raspberry pastry cream.  It had just the right amount of filling.  The cupcake was topped with a whipped cream cheese, which was light and paired perfectly with the lemon cake and raspberry pastry cream.  It was topped with dehydrated raspberries, which added a nice decoration and a little crunch.The chocolate bacon beer was definitely one of the most unique cupcakes that I've tried.  I was worried that it would taste too much like beer and I'm not a big stout fan.  However, it didn't taste too much like beer at all.  I did get subtle hints of it though.  The topping was a Swiss meringue and stout glazed roasted bacon.  The meringue was awesome and wasn't too sweet.  I loved the bacon and felt like it could have used a few more pieces.The packaging is great since you know the cupcake will be secure.  My packaging also served as storage for my cupcake for the following day.  Both cupcakes still tasted delicious the evening after, which was another huge plus.They also have a punch card where you get a punch for every $3 you spend.  You get $3 off your purchase once you collect all 12 punches.  The punch card is valid both for the bakery and on the truck.Overall, awesome cupcake shop and I look forward to sampling more of their flavors.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,3/9/2014,78,144,13,14,10>Well, damn.I must say, this place rocks my socks. Before leaving for work this morning, I did a search for "bubble tea" on Yelp, thinking of treating myself to one this evening. And I stumbled on the page for Coffee Haus, with many reviewers recommending the patbingsu (specifically the Haus Bing). I saw the photos and was intrigued: ice cream, fruits, red beans, Fruity Pebbles, and shaved ice?  Like, whoa. Yeah, I think I'll get one after work today. So I arrived shortly after my wage-earning duties, and ordered the Schaumburg-famous Haus Bing. The cashier was very friendly and helpful, answering any and all of my silly questions with a smile.I took at seat at one of the plush booths and took in the cozy surroundings. There is also an area with couches and a TV.  Top 40 music was playing on the PA, no country or kpop. My order was called, and it took them about 5 minutes, not a long wait. My bing was too pretty to eat, but in kimsyland, if I buy something to eat, I don't care if it has an image of Jesus riding a dinosaur on top of Jupiter. I'm eating it. And WOW. I see what I've been missing for all of these years. I loved the combination of sweet, crunchy, and chewy (from the mochi---NOM). I almost teared up when I finished the bowl; it was that damn delicious. I REALLY wanted a bubble tea, too, but the powers that be (my bank account) dictated that I shan't. So I'll save it for my Friday end-of-the-week treat. Another fab business just a jump away from my apartment. Well done, Coffee Haus. You will be seeing a lot of me. Beware.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,3/8/2014,57,177,6,14,11>This place has been in my bookmarks for months and I finally was in the area to check it out.  I am a huge juice/smoothie fan and even have a juicer at home.  I like ingredients I can pronounce without the artificial stuff.  This is a small shop tucked into a strip mall which means it has parking right in front of the store.  I say this because I parked across the street because my directions were a little off.  The menu has a huge selection to choose from of juices, smoothies, and some other food items.  I came for a smoothie.  I got the Liquid Super Chocolate.  I don't remember all of the ingredients but here it goes: cacao. banana, almond butter, almond milk (I think), macha, and that is all I can remember off the top of my head.  It was delicious.  I usually use something like this post work out, but it was a treat today.  The smoothie tasted fresh, the customer service was top notch, and the inside had a cool vibe.  The employee who served me informed me about their loyalty program which is buy 9 smoothies get the 10th one free.  I was very impressed with the service, food, and food quality.  I will be back and I'm telling all of my friends to check it out!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/7/2014,436,333,9,14,10>Decided to check this place out for the Bear's game this past Sunday.  We arrived about 11:30 and was able to snag a table for 6.   The place was already 70% full and by noon, there wasn't an open seat.    The space isn't large, but the high ceilings make it feel bigger than it is.   The tvs are small (mabye 32") and placed high all around the room, so you are really craining your neck depending on where you sit.   There is one projection/screen tv that is bigger, but the picture is so faint, it is not worth watching.  They do need some 50" flat screens to make this a better bar to watch a game.  Service was great - very attentive and friendly.  They had $10 buckets of domestic and $3 imports.   They put out a huge spread of food at 1/2 time.   Real food - chicken, potatoes, etc - all free and a ton of food that didn't end.   Very impressive.  We didn't partake in the food, since we just came from brunch, but everyone else in the joint did and it looked delicious.The also ran some raffles during the game for jerseys - they did 2 of these at $2 per ticket.  They also had strip cards - which I won $50  - BONUS!!I am either getting very, very, very old - or the noise level was beyond what I could handle.  I could not hear or understand the person sitting next to me.   It wasn't because the sound system was so awesome or the game on - it was just noise.  The juke box was blaring, the game was blaring, and the crowd was just loud and the accoustics were bad.    Decent bar - clean and good service.  Prices were good and food looked good.  Not sure I'd come back for a game, just because the tvs were so small.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/6/2014,344,146,15,25,18>Look no further than Boston Fish Market for one of the best salads in the Northwest Suburbs!You must get the Chef Louie Salad.  As in right now, drop whatever you're doing, put that fork with whatever the hell you thought was good enough to enter your body down, and get over to Boston Fish Market.  Get it with shrimp, get it with crab, get it with both, or get it with calamari.  I don't really care how you get it, just get it!  I personally prefer my Chef Louie Salad with their large succulent grilled shrimp.  The salad is similar to a Greek salad, but oh so much more.  It is tossed with a Greek dressing and filled with deliciousness such as tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, peppers, artichokes, onions, hunks of feta, hard boiled egg, and wait for it...beets!  Yes, all in one salad.  Are you driving over yet?If you're not into salads, the grilled fish sandwiches are worthy of biting into.  Walleye, grouper, snapper, Alaskan cod, and more.  Take your pick.  Most sandwiches are served up on a tasty pretzel roll.  When I find a joint that provides a great grilled fish sandwich, I'm sold.  If that's not selling you, there's oysters, scallops, mussels, whole grilled fish, octopus, kabobs, chowder, crab cakes...do I really need to continue?  Fine, it's also a BYOB.If you prefer to pick up some fillets and grill them up on your own at home, well the prices here are fair.  Unlike some other fish markets, I've found some fish to be cheaper than popular grocery stores at a given time.My one complaint, which I realize is quite silly, is the name.  Now why would people think I'm suggesting to grab a bite at Boston Market?  Why would my beautiful salad or grilled fish be from Boston Market?  This is not mashed pataters and mac 'n cheese people!  Boston FISH Market, no relation to Boston Market.  I know I've convinced you by now, so keep in mind that at this time they are only open until 7 PM and closed on Sundays.  Once you get to Lee, make sure you keep an eye out for Forest Ave, because you won't see Boston Fish Market from Lee.  You're welcome and enjoy!  :)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/5/2014,359,353,7,10,9>You scream, I scream, we all scream for ice cream!Duh. Who doesn't love ice cream? No one I know. Now add in fun, funky, season flavors, happy & friendly staff, and a cute little ice cream parlor. Perfection. I've only been to Tate's a couple of times, but have managed to sample quite a few of their rich and decadent flavors. Some personal favorites: pistachio, pumpkin pie and red velvet. Mmmmm....creamy....velvety....and full of flavor. Each visit I became more and more impressed with Tate's flavors and their service. The owner is always in the shop and makes a huge effort to spend time and converse with the customers. Even though Tate's might be one of the most decadent and indulgent treats - I'm here to validate that each bite is worth every single calorie.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,3/4/2014,646,300,9,20,15>My mother discovered this place in our hometown and insisted I stop in. I took mama's advice decided to give it a try. They serve homemade paletas (Mexican ice cream bars). Totally reminded me of my youth back in my Little Village days. To my surprise they actually sell Polvorones Rosas (Big Pink Cookies) too. Their is a variety of items such as hand-packed ice cream on waffle or sugar cones, elotes (mexican corn on the cob), smoothies, milkshakes, fresh fruit dishes and the list goes on.But yeah, on the real there is a so many paleta flavors. You'll just have to go in and see for yourself.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/3/2014,144,959,10,23,21>Visiting this restaurant was a family project. My oldest daughter found it on Yelp and my youngest went with me! We loved it!The restaurant is very chic and classy but understated. The furniture is modern but comfortable and the tables are nicely spaced, you have room and privacy.My daughter had a hearty soup and I had a delicious chicken dish with rice. I loved every single grain of food on my plate! My daughter adored her soup as well which surprised me, she tends to be very picky.This classy restaurant is behind the Starbucks in an Orland Park strip mall, not where you would expect to find exquisite Asian fusion food. I hope everyone goes there so it stays in business.Looking for an upscale Asian experience with impeccable service and gracious surroundings? Then get in your car and come here NOW!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,3/2/2014,1546,338,39,37,36>What's one more Review?The answer is the 50th review for this place.We came here since we were in the neighborhood after we had just finished our lunch and a quick stop into Kohls.Since Country Donuts is only a mile away, why not run in for a couple donuts? Especially a place that has 49 reviews and basically 5 stars. Why drive all this way and not try them out?There is no reason to not stop in so that's what we did.As I was driving west on 14 I noticed the sign and the small shop on the left. I also noticed that it isn't easy getting in if you are coming from the east. As I made my illegal left turn into the parking lot, my eyes focused on the cop car that was just pulling out. I glanced over to him and nothing was done or said. It was almost like he was saying, "Welcome to getting your mind blown and it's ok to make an illegal turn into a donut shop". I never knew that. We went inside and there was no other customer there. It was just my wife, me and the clerk with all those donuts. I went with a double chocolate and an old fashion plain donut. Since we were still pretty full from our lunch we took them to go.Later on we tried them out. The crispiness yet airiness of the cake was terrific and the richness of the chocolate made me realize that these are truly 5 star donuts.The only thing that would have made this experience better would have been if the cop had turned his lights on to stop traffic so I could pull in. To quote Arnold, "I'll be back" and thank you donut cop.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,3/1/2014,123,246,11,16,14>That was the most expensive ramen I've ever eaten. But it was worth it.After seeing all my Yelp friends check in and write reviews, I finally made it over and waited in line in the strange but convenient sitting room to await our taste the goodness.  We were greeted immediately and given a menu, which we drooled over during our short wait.This place is tiny. The parking lot is tiny and awkward to get in and out of. I'm sure the food market next door doesn't really appreciate the traffic this little restaurant causes either. Our order was taken a few minutes before we were seated which sort of sped up our order. Smart and convenient.We ordered gyoza to start and I had the Shrio Miso Cha Shu and my wife had the Kome Miso Cha Shu. They made a mistake and our appetizer came out well after our ramen did but I actually didn't mind too much because it was a good accompaniment for the ramen.I've had Kome before so I decided to go with the Shiro style which was similar to Korean dwenjang (miso) in color and bold flavor. The noodles were slightly thicker than other fresh ramen places which was necessary for the salty broth.  About the "salty" broth complaints... uhm, it's supposed to be salty. Not Santouka salty but miso is salty so I'm not sure where any of the below complaints are coming from. Maybe they improved their recipe?The flavors were bold for mine and soothing for my wife's while the slices of pork were ridiculously thick. It was NOT pan fried because I saw them grilling the pork on that stupid smokey ass grill, the smell of which has permeated my clothes and hair. Thick, juicy slices of meat and a plenitude of other toppings ensured that there was a bite of something to accompany every bite/spoon of ramen/broth.  It was wondrous and without a doubt the best in the area; even Sankyu.The gyoza is handmade every day so the consistency is soft and pillowy. I'll admit, I didn't like the filling as much as I hoped but it tasted much better than the frozen variety that is served on the stiff side at other places.I thought the bowl looked small when it first came out but the amount of toppings more than filled me up, and I can eat a LOT. Sure, we had an appetizer as well but I knew I'd be full even if we didn't order the gyoza.Almost $40 after tip makes it hard to justify this place as a regular stop but I'll be back whenever I can afford it simply because it is the best in the area, no contest.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/28/2014,287,787,13,19,13>My fellow Yelpers. Now we have another reason to visit Oak Brook Mall. Old Town Pour House has beer. *Cheer!*They have at least 80 different kinds of beer. *Cheers louder*And they're all on tap, making it easy to have short pours, sample different brews and my favorite, the beer flights. *Cheers, whistles, standing ovation**has to shout over cheering* there's wine and a fully stocked liquor wall for those that don't want to drink beer. Now that I have your attention...there's more.There's an nice menu of eats too. Danielle S tried this wonderful-looking bacon and caramelized onion burger. *Intrigued*And there's other good stuff. For example, the Grilled Cheese *Cheer!*There's Pork Belly in it *Cheers louder*And a sunny side up egg *Incredulous Cheering*And it's served with a side of the creamiest/flavorful tomato bisque for dipping. It was pure heaven. *Cheers, whistles, standing ovation*Service is great. Knowledgeable about brews. Glad to see they have a short list of seasonal brews too. That's how I got to try 4 Elf by Dark Horse and the Christmas Ale by Great Lakes. If you have to catch a game, there are many Flat Screens for your viewing pleasure, but no worries non-sports people, it's not intrusive. Great space. I'll be visiting again soon.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,2/27/2014,758,308,9,23,14>I came here solely because of the dossants. My brother had told me of the nyc cronut awhile ago, and he finally got to try it last month after waiting in line for 2 hours. It was like $5, and he said it was super buttery & rich with a flaky-crisp outside. Fun for the novelty of having tried it, but not worth the 2 hour wait. When he compared Chicago Pastry's dossants to the nyc cronut, he said that the dossants tasted more like a donut, a lot less buttery and not enough of a croissant texture.I got here around 10am on a Thursday and the cases were full, boasting of a variety of baked goods. My eyes went immediately to the dossants. They had 7 varieties, and the friendly employee offered me a sample. I ended up buying the wannabe eclair, nutella deam, and banana dossants, along with the lobster tail and chocolate-filled cornetti. The total came to $11something.lobster tail ($2.19) - 4.5 stars. The outside shell was flaky in a crispy, shellacked quality so that each bite was accompanied by crackle. Not stale crackle either, thank heavens. And the inside was filled to the seams with fresh, light cream. I shared this with 2 other people, and we all agreed that this was the clear winner of our haul.chocolate-filled cornetti ($1.89) - 3.5 stars. This had a noticeable buttery flavor, but then I expect that from a croissant. Not overly rich, just noticeable. I definitely liked the chocolate filling. It was a good amount injected in at 2 places, with the tips of the cornetti unfilled. Not the best croissant/cornetti I've had, but it was pretty good. I like my croissants rich, buttery, many layers, with a flaky crust so that when you bite in, you get a fine crackle.Now for the dossants ($2.50 each, though they were $1.99 last month when I checked Candice's photos) - 2.5 stars. Needs more of a croissant-like buttery/flaky texture & crust, prettier presentation for a more polished look. Mariano's doughsant is much better ($2).
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/26/2014,826,1108,10,22,13>Six plates of sushi (four rolls each, and each plate ranged $2.50-5.50)One House SaladTwo beveragesTotal Cost = $37 (before tip)That's for TWO people.The Sushi Pizza and Volcano Roll are a must!  The Sushi Pizza "crust" was crunchy, chewy, and also adorable!  It takes 15 minutes to prepare, so we ordered this as soon as we sat down and then began to watch the conveyor belt.  I almost clapped my hands like a child when I saw the Volcano Roll (topped with Hot Cheetos) coming at me.If those descriptions sound hokey and not authentic, there are also "normal" rolls like California, Spicy Tuna, Philadelphia, etc.  I really liked the Spicy Tuna and all the rolls we tried tasted fresh.  The only (minor) disappointment was the wasabi served to use in squeeze packets, like when you get ketchup in a drive-thru.Even the interior of the place was impressive.  I didn't expect much from a place tucked between a tuxedo shop and Jamba Juice.  There's a definite trendy and classy vibe going on here.  I don't think I've ever thought of a restaurant as "fun," but I adored the rotary concept and how interactive it could be.  This would be a fun date place to take someone or if you are new to sushi.All of the plates range from $1.50-$6.50, and the vast majority are actually $2.50-$5.50.  They are coded by color, so there are no hidden charges, and there were a few dessert options (green tea cheesecake, coconut pudding) that looked good as well.We arrived between 11:30-12:00, and there were a few people sitting at the counter.  You can choose a seat either at the counter or a booth.  They had just opened for the day, so I wasn't sure what to expect in terms of variety, but I was again impressed.  The only thing we ordered that wasn't on the conveyor was the Sushi Pizza.The waitress also gave us a complimentary 2014 calendar with a 10% off coupon for online orders.  The calendar is, of course, Japanese themed, so I'm looking forward to the months featuring chubby Lucky Cats.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,2/25/2014,280,274,10,11,9>Naf Naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf naf.That Yelpers....is the sound of happiness when you sink your teeth into a nice crispy Falafel enrobed in a warm fluffy fresh baked pita with fresh cucumber tomato salad with parsley and tahini sauce.The meal portions are generous. Recommend guys order plates that come with enough pita bread to share with the gals.This is a Middle Eastern version of Chipotle Mexican Grill which means it's far from authentic, but it really hits the spot when you're craving some good falafel.Purists....don't hate, it's not like we have Mamoun's Falafel just around the corner here in Illinois (says the still slightly bitter former New Yorker and Angeleno).=)
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,2/24/2014,31,112,6,13,10>Wait, you can review Fay's Point? Where's my sixth star??Let me tell you a bit about me. I'm a proud Cal-Sag junkie. So much local history can be found in our waterways and so little of it is known. Briefly: Blue Island really was an island. Some 15,000 years ago, when glacial Lake Chicago existed, Blue Island stood proud above the lake. As it receded our rivers, creeks and wetlands were formed. Fay's Point, uniquely, sits just past where the Little Calumet River turns back on itself and empties into the Calumet River. Stony Creek meandered to the west. From the 1840s to the 1870s a feeder canal helped keep the I&M Canal filled, and in the 1910s the Cal-Sag Channel was dug, reversing the flow of the Calumet River and altering Stony Creek forever. The Cal-Sag Channel opens for business in 1921, at its widest only 60 feet across. In the 1960s it was expanded to its current width of 225 feet.Go for a walk along the north bank of Fay's Point. Across the Cal-Sag, on the north bank, you'll see some the "ruins" of the Blue Island lock. From the 1920s to 1960s this was the controlling works for the Cal-Sag, the boundary between Lake Michigan, the Illinois Waterway and ultimately the Mississippi River. You can still tour this amazing waterway. Local boaters often complete a "triangle tour" down the Cal-Sag, up the Ship and Sanitary Canal, into Lake Michigan and back to the Calumet River. The more adventurous might take the Cal-Sag into the Desplaines and Illinois rivers, into the Mississippi and all the way to the gulf. Who knew you could connect to the whole world from Blue Island?!Fay's Point features a marina with 88 boat slips. This active marina can hold boats up to 40+ feet. It offers an idyllic setting on the bank of the Little Calumet River. The north bank has been restored with native wetland plants and is a haven for birds and other critters. Across the river is the Forest Preserve District and Joe Louis golf course. It might be worth renting a slip just for a chance to hang out on the river in such a relaxing setting. This safe and modern marina is the best in the region.The Little Calumet River is also becoming popular with paddlers, and offers a great course for families and beginners looking to explore our region's waterways. Check out the Calumet Waterway Stewards website for annual paddling and clean up events.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,2/23/2014,92,197,10,12,9>Well Thanks to Cakes by Carlos I really am no longer a size six! Kidding, it really isn't their fault that they put a serious dent in my will power. They are friendly, welcoming and they really know their stuff, which is CAKES! Crazy good excellent technique resulting in beautiful and delicious cake. I am almost a regular and I have to say they have really earned my 5 stars. My whole family is hooked!Even my least favorite cake in the world, red velvet tastes good. Maybe they have a secret ingredient, like maybe sugar:)5 stars!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,2/22/2014,92,360,7,14,9>Ah. I think I finally found the "right" BBQ place.We went here for lunch without our nugget. After staring at all my choices I decided on the ribs and brisket combo, with pit beans and creamy slaw. My wife got the pork sandwich with seasoned garlic fries.In the past I have insisted that a BBQ place needs to have great sides and great meat, which proved to be too tall an order for an astounding number of places around here. But here I am happy to say that the pit beans had great texture and depth of bacon-y flavor, and the creamy slaw likewise didn't merely taste of mayonnaise.The meats were fantastic. The ribs clung slightly to the bone, and had a decent amount of chew. The brisket was remarkably tender, and both had the telltale pink smoke ring just beneath the surface. For what it's worth, I only had one bite of the pork but it was suitably tender.We tried all of the sauces; the vinegar one probably goes better on pork, the apple bourbon is delicious, and the Butler's BBQ Sauce is equally delicious. The hot one (XX-rated, I believe) wasn't all that hot, although if you drenched a sandwich in it I could see things going poorly.Overall, because of the high quality of the items being made here, I have my new BBQ spot.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,2/21/2014,363,708,6,17,11>It's Saturday evening, and me and 6 friends are cooing over a baby. 7 p.m. rolls around and we realize we're pretty hungry and do not expect the new parents to feed us. But they do want to come to dinner with us, and suggested Open Range as nearby and suitably tasty.This place is not super-obvious in downtown Batavia; the sign is kinda small and the street not terribly well-lit, plus there's roadwork right now. They have a small lot but there's a bigger one across the street. I didn't get a great grasp of the restaurant layout, but there were at least two rooms, one more "dining" and one with a bar. We were seated in the dining area at a longish table. The menu is slightly classed-up bar food -- burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, salads. They also have a pretty good craft beer list. I would say though that the layout of both is slightly confusing. The menu has one sandwich section with some burgers, and then another page with only burgers, with longer descriptions and pictures. The beer menu has one column with style/ABV/price and a second, mis-matched from the first, with the Beer Advocate rating. Weird.That said, overall, both menus looked good once you could figure out how to read them.Our orders were taken pretty promptly. I went for a Tumbleweed burger (bacon, queso, fried onion straws and a fried egg plus some kinda sauce), tempura zucchini as a side and an Ace Honey Cider to drink. I like that you have a variety of sides to choose from, and they're all the same price -- onion rings, zucchini, fries, salad, mashed potatoes and a few others. My burger was very good, and pretty messy. I ordered it medium but I think it was more like medium well. The egg yolk dripped all over as did the queso but it was a delicious mess. A few notes that keep it from being five stars for me:-- No glasses were offered for bottled beer. Every beer snob knows you need a glass to really experience the full flavor of your beverage.-- Water refills were sporadic.-- Waitress did a great job with separate checks, but then there was some sort of weird thing with mine, she claimed she had run the wrong bill on my card, but I immediately looked at my credit card app, and there was the original charge, a refund for it, and then the same exact charge (which was correct, based on my math) ... it was strange. The atmosphere was sort of odd, too, they clearly are going for a little bit nicer food menu but it reads like a bar through and through. Still, I would definitely come back for the creative food menu and good beer list.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,2/20/2014,74,264,6,13,10>After reading a review from my Yelp friend James H. - we decided to make Barbakoa our destination for dinner with a group of friends.  I made reservations on Open Table (which already improves the experience in my book) for 6pm on Sunday. The place was quiet and we were greeted and seated promptly at a sizeable round table in the middle of the dining room (I LOVE round tables for larger groups).  Visually, there is a lot to take in at Barbakoa - eclectic furniture, interesting lighting and artwork - you can tell great care was put into remodeling the former Buona Beef location, not a shred of "fast food" ambiance exists in the new space.   The seating in the bar area consists of velvet covered sofas at high-top tables, great for talking and sharing which I believe is the foundation of the concept here.  The outdoor seating area is wonderful and we were told an all-season outdoor space along the bar would be opening in about a week.  The service was excellent from the pleasant hostess who seated us to Oscar, our attentive waiter and Ted the manager who stopped by to check on us periodically during our meal.  We had lots of questions about the menu and drink specials and they were both very patient and knowledgeable and helped guide us to our choice which was the Dos option on the Share menu.  It gave us the ability to try many of their menu items and was enough food for six hungry people.  Oscar also suggested that we order our Malbec as the $5 drink special vs. a bottle which cut our wine tab in half.  We also tried several of their specialty cocktails and enjoyed them all - I particularly enjoyed the Paloma cocktail which is a Latin favorite of mine and one I don't often see on a restaurant menu. The Dos Share menu gives you a tasting of salsas, guacamole, ceviche, tacos, side dishes and desserts - how many of each is determined by the size of the Share menu you choose (Uno all the way through Quatro at various prices per person).   EVERYTHING we ordered was fresh, flavorful and well balanced with spice and texture (with the exception of the ceviche).  Of the guacamole versions- we liked the Chicharon and both salsas were good.  Of everything we ordered, I thought the ceviche was underwhelming -we tried the Shrimp and the Mixto versions and we really couldn't tell the difference between the two as the subdued flavors and ingredients were almost identical.   Our taco choices included Baja, Pastor, Carne Asada and Camaron and we loved them all!!  I think we voted the Carne Asada and the Baja the top two.  Each taco was topped with delicious accents on soft corn tortillas.   Our side dishes included the Rancho gordo zape beans and Mexican corn which in our collective opinion was outstanding (I would probably come back to Barbakoa just for that corn!!)The meal ended on another high note - the dessert sampling which included a tray filled with four different sweet and tasty morsels as well as another plate of sugared fried dough with four sauces to fill them with.  We've been to several other well-known Latin inspired restaurants before but really don't enjoy having to drive into the city for that experience.  Barbakoa is as good - if not better than Carnivale and I'm sure once word gets out, it will be the "go-to" spot in the western suburbs.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,2/19/2014,85,50,10,13,8>I can't financially support Hokkai on my own, so I am calling on the help of the Yelp community. If this place closes down I will cry. You don't want to see me cry. If I could give Hokkai six stars, I would. I've been to at least fifty Japanese/sushi joints, and Hokkai was hands down the best sushi I've ever had. We arrived around 5:45 pm on a Wednesday evening for a casual birthday dinner. The place was empty and silent but completely stunning. The owners definitely invested in the decor and remodel. Don't let the exterior of the building fool you. Service was an A+. We were cheerfully greeted by every employee of the restaurant upon arrival. Our water glasses were always full and our server was beyond helpful.We ordered the Angel Roll, Twister, Rainbow Roll, Spicy Tuna, and Spicy Salmon. The presentation was incredible. The other reviewers are indeed correct; each and every roll was boasting an enormous amount of fresh fish and very little rice. Freshest fish I've ever tasted. It was just such an overwhelmingly enjoyable dining experience I still can't get over it, twenty-four hours later. I couldn't pick a favorite roll because they were all so amazing. Yes, even the simple $5 rolls, which I tend to shy away from. Oh, and the prices? Incredibly modest. I cannot say better things about Hokkai. I can't wait to go again!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/18/2014,16,131,5,14,8>I've been going to Clara's for at least the last 25 years.  It has always been the best Italian place around, locally.  Prices have always been right, the food has always been nothing but authentic, comforting, and delicious.  Friends of ours who worked at a local restaurant when we were all kids transitioned over to becoming the backbone of the Clara's staff.  I grew up eating here, and it's always been the same.I am so happy for the Clara's family.  The new restaurant is immaculate, and it's obvious from the moment you walk in.  The bar looks brand new while looking like it's been there for years.  They have a "pizza bar", from which we were given a sampling of the pesto pizza.  It was really, really damn good.New menus, a lot more space, a clean new atmosphere.  There's some new food items as well, one of which was the focaccia bread- it was ridiculously good.My staple is always the spinach fetuccine alfredo with grilled chicken.  Since moving over, they must have changed up either the recipe or the prep for the pasta, but whatever they did actually improved the dish.  The pasta was perfectly al dente.  I can't recommend that dish enough.Go there.  It's a family-owned restaurant.  Bring your family.  Keep bringing your kids back.  Clara's is a very special place and this new move ensures that it will remain so for years to come.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,2/17/2014,82,235,10,13,10>We were drawn to the little Mexican restaurant and bar with the extremely loud music and the flashing lights. How could this possibly be up to code, I wondered, because I am apparently boring and authoritarian. As we approached, no less than five of the patrons spotted us and waved us right on in. "Have a beer!" said one. Wow, okay!One of them pulled up seats for us at the bar. Two separate employees shook our hands. I had my first Mexican beer, a Modelo, with a hearty twist of lime. One guy actually showed us how to dance to some of the songs. Mostly Mexican songs, with a little Gangnam Style thrown in. We danced in our flip flops till we were good and sweaty and we didn't leave until Wolf R. almost lost a toe to a stray stiletto.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,2/16/2014,288,400,6,10,8>Crab legs! Lobster! Sushi! AYCE! Yum. Yum. YUM!This place is huge! There's doors to backrooms and backrooms into backrooms, yep that's how big this place is.We came here on a Wednesday evening with a party of 30+ and they easily accommodated us. Like any other buffet you usually figure out where your table is and head on over to all the deliciousness. There was always a crab/lobster line the whole night, but it moved steadily. The seafood was fresh and juicy. Their variety of hot food is vast! So much to choose from that sometimes I find myself with 2 plates in my hands (don't judge). Most of it is seafood, but they do have some meat/beef options. Their sushi is actually pretty good for a buffet, which is saying something, since my favorite spots are usually those on the spots fresh made sushi not no container from Jewel or Dominick's, yuck.The service was eh, usually you'll have to wave someone down for more water or napkins, etc. But we really enjoyed the food and we'll be back!Lobster: yelp.com/biz_photos/roya…
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,2/15/2014,48,217,5,9,8>After seeing this place featured on Chicago's Best, we knew we had to come try  the Evviva pizza (chicken, bacon, artichokes,  and olives). So after a frustrating morning of shopping we stopped in.For drinks, we weren't in the mood for beer so we chose Bloody Mary's. They are 25 ounces, and are $9 with $7 refills; I can dig that. On Sundays they have a "Build your own Bloody Mary Bar" but our server never elaborated when we placed our drink order. After deciding to skip appetizers, we ordered a large Evviva pizza and waited anxiously to taste deliciousness.The inside of Evviva is your typical sports bar- multiple flat screen t.v.'s, a Touch Tunes music player,  and a combo of both low and high-top tables. It obviously is decorated for Christmas with lights strung around the ventilation system and mini Christmas trees hung upside down from the ceiling. The Bloody Mary's are very spicy, which is awesome. Between the pizza and the Bloody's (I had two) I left with a serious case of heartburn, which is was fine with me. It was well worth it.The Evviva pizza was phenomenal. Who knew artichokes would go so well on a pizza? And of course, you can't beat black olives and bacon. The chicken was exceptional; the flavor was so good. I don't know what they seasoned it with, but it was very tasty. The pizza crust itself is like nothing I've ever experienced. Crispy, but not too crispy and chewy but not too chewy.For a Sunday, it was fairly quiet (we arrived at noon when they opened) but our service was a bit spotty. It wasn't a huge issue, as we were in no hurry.  I can imagine during peak times it can be frustrating. Today was an enjoyable experience between a small crowd (less than 15 patrons), football games, and country music (my fave) playing throughout the speakers.Regardless,  we will be back. In the bf's words "any place with awesome pizza and 25 oz Bloody's is okay in my book."
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,2/14/2014,66,166,7,9,10>Dude. Dude. DUDE.A friend who's a major beer aficionado (hi, Nichole K) had her birthday party here last night. We had a tasting of everything on tap, and also a not-quite-actually-beer-yet malt beerling that tasted a bit like a watery maple syrup, but will taste completely different once the fermentation process is complete. After the tasting, I grabbed a pint of El Hefe as we started the tour.The tour was incredibly informative, and the brewmaster dropped all sorts of science on us about how, exactly, they make their wonderful brews. It was fun getting my beer and science nerd on while walking around with a pint glass full of a very nice hefeweizen in hand! The party was allowed to bring in its own snacks, and everyone had a great time. Several people purchased growlers to take home. I would have, as well, but my fridge was too full. It's so close by, however, that I'll definitely go back for a growler of something in the future. The Heavenly Helles lager was good, as was El Hefe. I also liked the Crimson Clover red ale a lot. Great experience, great beer, and I'll definitely bring some friends by so they can experience it for themselves! :)
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/13/2014,55,78,7,13,9>You ever discover the best place to eat around a bunch of lackluster establishments? This is it folks! This is that one Oasis in the desert that is Elgin. Atmosphere:The furnishing is much nicer than most breakfast places I have been to. It is very relaxing with plush booths and great lighting. The glass storefront is always pleasantly decorated with specials or announcements. It is also amazing for both large groups and for couples as they have tables and booths to accommodate. Taking a significant other here would be a wonderful treat. Service:Cheerful and Excellent service. I have gone here over 5 times and have always been treated warmly. There is friendliness from the hostess to the server. You are never neglected when it comes to water or getting checked up on. They are also very knowledgeable when it comes to the menu items and are very adept when it comes to explaining ingredients or substitutes. Coffee lovers will not be left with an empty cup here.Food:This place beats Denny's and IHOP in both portions, presentation, quality, and price. They have a gluten free menu and plenty of healthy options and substitutes. Despite being a Breakfast place their lunch menu is also fantastic. My favorite menu item is the create your own omelet. I had Turkey Sausage, Mushrooms, and Avocado. The eggs are always at perfect fluffiness and the ingredients taste as if they were fresh from the garden. My Omelette came with a side of Pancakes that were prepared very well. The syrup they provide isn't the store bought as it tastes and looks homemade. The presentation is also nothing to scoff at! The food items look just as good as the breakfast food in commercials! The Sweet Berry Cakes look like an absolute work of art. I have a big appetite and was pleasantly surprised as most breakfast items don't usually fill me up. The chocolate mint they give you after your meal is the perfect finisher. I am in love with this place! It is rare for a Breakfast place to hit the high marks in all three categories for me. This breakfast place goes above and beyond other establishments. Whether it is a group of friends or a significant other, this is the spot! To many more sweet times!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/12/2014,252,423,11,19,16>This is still our favorite casual local place to go to.  I'm writing an update because we finally got our butts over there to try their Sunday Brunch Buffet and loved it!  We were quite surprised with how many different options they had on the Brunch Buffet, and it was just $13.95 per adult!  They had a cold/salad table, a sweets table and a VERY long row of all the hot foods (both breakfast & lunch items).  I would say there were easily 20 different hot dishes.  Our favorites were the Irish Bangers w/Onions in Guinness, the Beef Stroganoff (needed more Spaetzle though!), the Biscuits & Gravy & the Cajun Tilapia.  Oh, and the Bloody Mary's (just $4 during brunch!) are fantastic.  They even had 5 different kinds of fresh stuffed olives & a variety of other items to dress it with.  :-DFrom 4/22/13:I'm bumping EPH up a star to the coveted 5-star status!We come to EPH regularly and each time the food has been delicious.  From sandwiches and burgers (my favorite burger of all time is here) to pork chops, mac n cheese, meatloaf, etc., it's all been soooo very good.  They have your standard bar fare but plenty of other items on their extensive menu - something for everyone.I'm bumping them up a star because their service has improved.  The service has always been friendly but was previously on the slow side...like, turtle slow...but over the past few months it's definitely sped up and consistently stayed that way. Yay!Also, they have daily specials so check out their website.  Mondays are half-price burgers!  Tuesdays are Create-Your-Own-Mac-N-Cheese, etc.  Also, check out the Events Calendar on their website because they regularly have pairings (could be wine, beer, bourbon, scotch, etc.) themed prix fixe dinners which are top-notch for the foodie & booze-hound alike. ;DThey also have a big selection of tasty brews to wash down all that delicious food.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,2/11/2014,421,397,67,76,70>For some time now I've seen coming soon signs over a spot in a mini shopping center off of Roosevelt Road for a place called Shwarma Express. I made a note to visit when they eventually opened. This evening, while driving by I saw an open sign and people inside so I decided to give it a try. I got in line while someone else ordered and waited for a few minutes to place my order as well. Once I had ordered I sat down and began the process of adding the business to Yelp gathering information off of the menu and business card. My order took quite a while to be ready (a little over 20 minutes) but my food was then brought out and it was time to dine. I ordered a Beef Shwarma sandwich and a bottle of water. The sandwich came wrapped up in a roll kind of like a burrito. There were grill marks visible on the bottom and it held together quite well. I took a bite and was immediately overwhelmed by a whole lot of different than I'm accustom to flavors. The beef shwarma meat was tender and moist. There were lots of middle eastern spices which I can't identify giving it both a sweet and spicy combination that perfectly complimented one another. Tomato slices and onions were mixed in which gave it a little extra body. I'd also say the sandwich was at least double the size I expected to be. Simply put I was very impressed as the overall combination of flavors created a decadent masterpiece of a sandwich. As I was eating and leaving I overheard that there would be an hour wait on Shwarma as they had run out, growing pains with a new business I guess. Assuming that they have food ready this place is definitely worth trying. Hopefully they'll maintain the quality (and quantity) of food I experienced as time goes on. Despite the name express (you'd think it wouldn't take 20 minutes to have a sandwich ready), the Shwarma here was definitely fantastic. I'm going to give this place a whopping five stars and say that this Shwarma did me no harma. This was an absolutely fantastic sandwich and I will surely be back again.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,2/10/2014,273,603,11,14,12>Hello. My name is Jennifer and I'm a Toasty Cheese addict.So during my most recent visit, I commented about the duck bacon. This is an item that I've never tried before. Without hesitation, a TC employee fried me up some fresh duck bacon and handed it over with some forks for me and my partners in crime to try. No joke...it is a crime that I have missed out on duck bacon up until now!  It was so good!Another new-to-me item that day was the caramelized onions and jalapeños. This was not as successful according to the flames coming out of my mouth. If you like spicy, I'd try this on your sandwich. It is apparent to me that I am not as much of a spicy freak as I may have thought that I was. I love building my own sandwich here!  I'm picky and they have yet to disappoint. I always end up with exactly what I asked for and that's the way to keep me coming back for more!My husband is hooked on Toasty Cheese too. He is such a bad influence!  Sharing a sandwich once with some coworkers now has them ordering regularly for the whole crew!  It's THAT good!I've gotta ask, but I think they rotate cupcakes/bakeries. I'm curious about that as I do love my sweet treats!Service is still spot on. They do an excellent job of keeping their followers in the loop on Facebook. If you haven't checked them out yet, you really should. You won't be sorry.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,2/9/2014,107,399,6,28,13>There is a severe lack of dim sum choices in the northwest suburbs with Jockey and Royal Buffet being the main choices available. Therefore, I was excited when I heard that a new restaurant was opening in Arlington Heights with dim sum available. I went here on a Saturday afternoon and the experience did not disappoint.The interior is simple and comfortable -- without being either too traditional or too modern. The noise level was low and service was alright. Overall all the cuisine was generally light (you do not need to be overly salty or use a lot of sauce if you trust the quality of your ingredients). The oil used was light as well which makes this a healthier choice. All the dim sum is made in house and generally of high quality. There are currently 34 dim sum choices available which are prepared upon ordering so that crispy dishes come out crispy and all items are steaming hot when they arrive at your table.My biggest complaint is really the dim lighting inside the main dining room which made it difficult to take pictures of the food without flash, but that is a Yelper problem completely unrelated to the food (which was presented very nicely). Several Yelpers have complained about the prices and portion size, but remember that this is cook-to-order and house-made dim sum in the suburbs so you won't find the bargain basement prices available in Chinatown.Jasmine tea: It's clear that they use higher quality tea here. Served nicely in little glass cups with your own teapot that is refilled frequently.Spare rib with black bean: Spare rib was nicely cooked and fell off the bone easily. The black bean wasn't overpowering.Beef crepe: Crepe was soft although not chewy with a lightly flavored beef filling.Rice chicken lotus leaf: Probably the least salty version I've ever had. The sticky rice was very soft and served hot. Minced pork congee with preserved egg: A little expensive but the creamy texture of the congee was excellent. It had a nice savory flavor to it that wasn't too salty despite using preserved egg. The creamy texture does take a long time to prepare, so few people (outside Chinese food meccas like Toronto) will take the time to prepare it this way.Steamed BBQ pork bun: Nice fluffy texture to the bun with lightly flavored BBQ pork inside.Shrimp dumpling: Slightly sweet shrimp wrapped in a translucent skin. Could've had a bouncier texture to the shrimp but overall pretty good.Beef brisket daikon: The beef brisket and daikon were served firm to the tooth and could've been a little softer. The gravy was flavorful although a little thick.Egg tart: Slightly flaky crust with semi-sweet egg custard. The custard was a little lacking in flavor and could've been silkier but this is next to impossible to find in the suburbs.Fried dumpling with pork: Excellent crispy texture on the outside with chewy glutinous rice on the inside.Crispy crab meat ball: Nice fried exterior with nice shrimp inside. Bouncy texture to the filling although the crab was a little lacking in flavor.Chicken feet with black bean sauce: Cooked nicely with a chewy firm texture to the skin. Taro coconut: Done very well. You can taste the taro and coconut clearly without being too sweet. Probably better than any version done in Chinatown.Crispy Taro with Pork: Very nice fine nest-like exterior with a light taro flavor on the inside that matched well with the pork.Pan fried turnip cake: The best part about this dish is that the rice flour doesn't overpower the other flavors. This is also less oily than most versions you'll find elsewhere.Steamed beef tripe with ginger and onion: Nice and chewy/soft-crunchy texture (it's hard to describe how both textures can exist at once - you need to try to understand). The sauce was light enough were you can clearly taste the ginger and onion.Beef sui mai: One of the interesting things about this is that the filling is much like the steamed beef balls (ngao yuk) that is another dim sum specialty except in a smaller package.Mango pudding: Perfect way to end the meal. You can clearly taste the mango whose flavor is heightened with a touch of condensed milk. The dinner menu contains a nice variety of sushi, Japanese hot items, noodles, standard Cantonese and Mandarin dishes, salads, and vegetarian options which I'm excited to try sometime. For now, I'm just happy to have saved the gas cost, hours of travel time, and the challenge of finding parking in Chinatown. I can enjoy nearby dim sum in a quiet relaxing atmosphere without a 30 minute wait.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,2/8/2014,131,300,7,15,16>"What do you want for dinner?""I dunno. What do you want?""I don't care. What do you want?"Ever have this discussion with your significant other? I do. Weekly. Somehow mid-stream, we both decided what we wanted. Me, Mexican. Her, Middle Eastern. I didn't want Mexican bad enough to go against the flow, so Middle Eastern won, but I was kind of grumpy about it for a few minutes anyway.Then I smelled what they were cooking and I realized this place was a win no matter what. Except for the crazy wait, that is. Apparently it was 40 minutes, but through some sort of magic, my wife got us a seat on the covered patio room almost immediately. It wasn't much to look at, but I wasn't there to look, I was there to EAT!And oh, let me tell you, friends; eat we did. This is hands down the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had, and I grew up next door to some lovely Arabic folks who often invited me to dinner and weddings, and this stuff even trumps their home cooking. The Baba Ganoush was perfect. It was smokey and flavorful while retaining a bit of the eggplant. The Falafel was divine, perfectly crisp on the outside with a nice texture outside. And they're smaller than what I'm used to. I suspect this has something to do with cooking time and flavor. All the other dishes we sampled were amazing. The Labna was not too sour like it often is. The hummus had a silky texture you don't find ANYWHERE else. And a subtle flavor that was just delicious. Meanwhile, my grilled skewer entree was just absolutely perfect. My stomach is rumbling just thinking about it and I might have to go back again this weekend.Yum.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/7/2014,101,611,5,19,12>I've been saving my #400th review for a few weeks waiting for a deserving business and Firewater BBQ won the coveted title.A friend asked me to head to the area with her for a few errands. I usually tag along if I'm free because it's a chance to explore some new dining establishments. I had about 7% battery life of my phone left, so it was imperative to find a cheap, close lunch spot before my phone died. I clicked "nearby" and Firewater BBQ was the first place that came up. Since my phone died within seconds, it was settled that this was the spot.My friend and I were both excited to try not only a new-to-us restaurant, but a brand new restaurant that had only opened a few days prior. Although we prepared ourselves for a few new-business kinks, there weren't any. They ran like a well oiled machine that had been doing this for decades.We were instantly greeted by one of the friendliest women you've ever met( I believe she's the manager or co-owner since she told us that this was a family run establishment.) She explained the menu and made a few recommendations. I went with the brisket on a regular bun with two sides (mac & cheese and potato salad) and a drink. I believe my total was around $9, which was completely fair for the amount of food that I got.Of the two sides, I preferred the potato salad. It had pulled pork and bacon in it, and was seasoned really well. The mac & cheese was okay, but not my favorite rendition of it. The brisket was so tender and had the perfect amount of smokey taste. I usually prefer pulled pork to brisket (so I really don't know why I ordered it) but this was perfection and made me change my opinion on brisket. The sauces are on the table so you can choose which one to slather on your food, and I went with a mixture of the Carolina mustard and their signature sauce. Both delicious. They will also be offering a brewery in the future, but right now they are only offering non-alcoholic beverages until they get everything set up. But even without the booze, don't pass up a chance to eat here. It's fantastic!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/6/2014,104,448,16,17,15>We've been sad and blue around here since Yes Asia Cafe closed but our daughter found this one on Yelp.  My wife and I came here with our granddaughter. As she's only one year old she was unable to give us her written opinion but she seemed to really enjoy the fruit at the end.We had fried dumplings which were really good, dumplings have a dumpy name but a great taste. Speaking of great taste, the soup here was superb. I also devoured my noodles and can't wait to come back for more.Add to that the fruit plate which the baby enjoyed and it all adds up to a great meal.Warning: the physical plant is pretty sparse, it is a bare bones kind of dining room. No real ambiance. Just bare table, some serviceable chairs and strap on the feed bag.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,2/5/2014,216,123,8,25,19>Labas!This delightful, family-owned restaurant has long been a staple within Southside European circles....and thanks to Yelp, an entirely new generation can be gettin' crazy for Kugelis.  When I am terribly homesick for my mother..when I'm missing my late-grandmother...when I yearn for the innocence of my Old-country-infused childhood, I turn my heavy heart toward Mabenka. I've yet to find a borscht on par with the varieties served here.  I use lamb in my Oma's killer Lithuanian recipe, but their selections seem in keeping with Polish tradition and are immensely enjoyable; no matter how you slurp it, it's a dream.  Curl up in a deep booth and enjoy an ice-cold Lithuanian Brew, hearty basket of soft,  flavorful sweet & whole-grain breads, scratch-made soups, saucy stews or juicy sausage and butter-rich potato platters that are sure to soothe the spirit...and still leave you enough coin to take in a movie.  Better yet...snag a galactic, baked-apple pancake for home and enjoy it with your feet up and your hand placed within your waistband in a manner that would do Al Bundy proud.  Oh yesss....The atmosphere is quiet, extremely casual and low-key. I stick with my favorites, which are Meat Blintzes (that I smother in unsweetened applesauce), Lithuanian Sausage, Cepelinai, Potato Pancakes and Borscht. It's worth the trip here for the Kugelis alone. Wat?! I know...I know.  I'm a Kugelis snob..and I have earned that right as I grew up making the dish from scratch with some hardcore old-country women. Trust me when I say there is no better Kugelis than my family recipe, BUT...I will concede that they do a delish dish here.  For those unfamiliar with Kugelis, it is the National Dish of Lithuania and is a thick potato pudding brimming with butter, salt and a plethora of bacon.  It is traditionally baked in a deep pan til browned..spooned and served up with crispy bacon atop and a mere dollop of sour cream. Their version is sliced and much more loaf-like than my Grandmother's recipe, but it's mouthwatering and in keeping with how many European families choose to make it. I highly recommend it for lovers of all things potato. Skip Grand Duke's and come here instead..seriously.  Over the years, they have moved away from German favorites. That's quite disappointing.  Polish purists be aware that this is more of a fusion style restaurant where Lithuanian and Czech influences are present and so things may not be exactly as you expect them, but that does not mean they are not yummy. I know peeps truly dig their pierogi, but I think they need to step those up a bit as they often seem dry to me. Note to those who write reviews griping that there's too much potato/dough, everything is fattening or that there aren't more fresh veggies: This ethnic food stems from a long, rich history of people who ate for warmth or sheer survival with what little they could get their hands on and were oftentimes impoverished  all while at the mercy of a soil and a climate that wasn't always green-veggie friendly. Tradition: How does it work?  There is nothing else like Mabenka around these parts and so a solid four stars it is. Servers are refreshingly polite, kind and eager to see that you are pleased. I always leave with a full tummy and a smile. Save a visit here for a day when you're not watching your caloric intake or cholesterol. ;)  Fresh ingredients, time-honored tradition and cooks who truly know their craft result in meals that feel as they were made by a Helga-fisted loved one.  If a comfort-cloaked carb crash is what you seek..come to The Dark Side; we have pumpernickel.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,2/4/2014,119,299,8,14,8>Excellent food with way-extended menu from Westmont location. Much bigger lobby with the basic decor. But definitely need more hands to improve the services. They provide the beauty of Northern Chinese food to the equation,in addition of most common known Cantonese and Sichuan dishes. Northern Chinese are great on cooking noodles, dumplings, pancakes or buns which are made from flour. So you could never go wrong with orders like: Scallion pancakes, Beef noodle soup, Dumplings, Dan Dan noodle, or Pan fired pork buns. Cumin lamb with bones was delicious unusual dish which on the heavy greasy side. The Northern smoked chicken was unique with nice smoking flavor. The stir-fired green beans was a nice fresh veggie for kids and parents. Every single carbs loaded dish was gone in the end. Pan fired pork buns was a new item on the menu and three kids finished 6 buns quickly. Those buns were bigger than I used to get from Shanghai. Chive dumplings were huge and juicy inside with the nice chewy dumpling wrappers. Beef noodle soup tasted as great as the westmont one. The Dan Dan noodle, however, was addictively spicy with homemade chewy noodles. It looked very innocent, white noodles with ground pork and boiled spinach on the top. Once I mixed it, it became such a spicy dish with an extremely pleasant smell from chili pepper and peppercorn. Once I started eating the noodles, I had to stop, made the ridiculous haha sound due to the burning sensation, fanned myself a bit, drank iced water to cook down, then picked up more noodle to start the cycle again. Somehow, they only had a young waiter for the Sunday dinner time. There were about 4 or 5 tables. We waited a while for ordering food till we had to flag the manager over to get the order in. Then had to wait for the individual bowls for sharing the noodle soup. Then again to ask for the to go boxes and the check. The waiter was very nice actually once he had the time to fill up our water glasses.  Oh, I didn't like whatever (Vinyl?) they put on the table instead of regular table clothe or glass. It looked cheap, felt sticky, and just no no....
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,2/3/2014,64,296,10,12,10>I'm what you like to call a Pizza snob. It's my go to food, and I know a lot about it. I can tell the difference between a solid pie and a crap za.That being said, I recently got the chance to try Anthony's Pizza. I was able to try both the stuffed and pan cheese pizzas. If you've read my previous reviews, you know that I'm a knife and fork pizza kind of guy, so these pizzas fit the bill perfectly!I will start with the Pan pizza. Pan Pizza is similar to deep dish a la Lou Malnati's, Gino's East, but Pan Pizza is covered with cheese. It is simply dough, sauce, then cheese (and toppings; mine did not have any). Note:Deep Dish Chicago, what most people think of, is Dough, Cheese, toppings, then topped with sauce.They are closely related, but not the same. I was pleasantly surprised by this pan pizza. If anyone has had Rosati's Pan, it is very similar, but the taste is much better. Anthony uses a top line cheese on his Pan Pizza, and he does not skimp on the cheese nor the sauce. I wasn't even thinking about trying the Pan, but I did, and I do not regret it! Sometimes the ratio of dough to cheese is unbalanced, but Anthony knows what he's doing. I highly recommend the Pan pizza.As good as the Pan pizza was, it cannot hold a candle to the Stuffed pizza! Full Disclaimer here: I LOVE STUFFED PIZZA. If you'd really like to grind my gears, refer to stuffed pizza as deep dish or pan. My blood pressure just went because I simply typed that. Anyways, Giordano's is the standard stuffed Chicago pizza. Some people also prefer Nancy's. Those are the 2 most famous stuffed franchises in Chicago. As far as I'm concerned, those two are the silver and bronze, respectively, to Anthony's stuffed PLATINUM pizza (Yeah, I skipped Gold because it's that much better). To have a good stuffed pie, you need the three elements to blend in a way that one is not too powerful over the other. Those three elements, in order of importance (TO ME), are sauce, cheese, and dough. I'll fully admit this: I am a sauce whore. I could drink pizza sauce for Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner. As for cheese, you can always tell a difference between the standard cheese from Sysco /GFS(used by plenty of chain pizzerias as well as some smaller stores; not a bad thing) or cheese ordered from an independent distributor (who is never revealed by a savvy business owner). As for the dough, I prefer one without cornmeal. I will explain stuffed pizza briefly now. From the bottom, it is dough, cheese/fillings, another thin layer of dough, topped with sauce. Definitely different from pan/deep dish (I understand that all 'knife and fork' pizza is cooked in a deep dish, but PLEASE stop confusing the two. Anthony's Stuffed pizza was amazing. The sauce was not too sweet or savory. It had a great amount of seasoning but nothing was overpowering. The cheese was very fresh and you could tell that it was not from a baggie. The dough was a winner as well. I prefer chewy stuffed crust pizza. If it is crunchy, I consider that a big disappointment. The crust was perfect; I prefer it a bit chewier than most, but this one fit the bill. Overall, the stuffed pizza was perfectly balanced. No one part was dominant, but they were all equally distributed and made for an excellent lunch (ask my stomach... I had 3 huge slices and was begging for more).You know Tony and family are doing something right. They've been around for 25+ years,and they know Pizza. I had a feeling the pizza would be better than Giordanos/Nancys, but now I know for sure. Berwynites, Ciceroans, and all of Chicagoland.... This is amazing Pizza. If you like those places, you will love Anthony's Pizza. Take his challenge... you will not be disappointed.THE PROOF IS IN THE PIE!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,2/2/2014,160,525,6,12,9>I never would of heard about this place if it wasn't for yelp (Thanks, Greg D). I have been looking for a unique Mexican place anywhere near me. This is still at least a 30 minute drive but worth it. I believe they take reservations. I would say attempt that route as this place seems to get packed! We got lucky and only had to wait 10 minutes. The inside is beautiful. Even the bar is gorgeous. It wasn't cheesy at all. It honestly wasn't something I would expect to find in Orland Park. The margaritas and sangria are delicious. They also (obviously) offer a huge selection of tequila and drinks that feature tequila. They even have a Mexican Mai Tai. Prices on the drinks are pretty standard. We enjoyed one cocktail at the bar and found the bartenders to be friendly and eager to help. We sat down and the seats are close to one another. I know this bothers most people. It usually bothers me. I was able to overlook it here for some reason though. Our server seemed to be having an attitude at first. He eventually warmed up to us though. I'm not really sure what that was about. I think he was having a bad day, so I cut him some slack. He was always there when we needed something. We ordered the queso fundido with chorizo. It was alright. I hate filling up on this though. I wouldn't bother with it unless you have a party of 3 or 4. I just think it's a difficult appetizer to finish with 2. The chips and salsa are good. I would have loved to keep them on the table longer, but the tables are so small it's almost impossible to do so (eat those fast). I love the way the menu is setup. I was able to try several different tacos. My favorites were the veggie and the grilled fish. Order these! They are phenomenal! We finished our dinner splitting the churros. These were great too! I would love to see a different choice for sauces though. Maybe a raspberry? That's only because I love raspberry though. The BF hates going out for Mexican. He must be a fan because he's asked about this place at least 3 times since we have gone. I think we may have found our new favorite Mexican restaurant.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,2/1/2014,283,456,9,12,9>If Yelp has taught me anything, it's not to judge a book by its cover. I saw several people I know write excellent reviews for this restaurant and bookmarked it a few weeks ago. It's not terribly far from home, so I knew I could make my way over one of these days. I've been home for the past 2 weeks recovering from surgery and tonight was my first adventure out of the house except for work the past two days. My sis and I had plans for dinner tonight but we didn't know where we were going so after chatting a while and not getting anywhere, I said, lets just go! We'll find something. I didn't feel like driving (which like never happens but I have been pretty tired the past few days) so my sis drove tonight. I was the navigator. She said, you tell me which way to go, and I'll follow your instructions. Yippee!! I get to pick the place! So I tell her to turn right, make a left here, make a right there and before you know it, we're headed North on Barrington Road, so I pull up some restaurants in this direction and Jaded Thai pops up! Ok, we have a destination! We pull in the parking lot on the west end and notice there are several other restaurants in this strip mall, so we drove down the full strip to see what else there might be here for future reference or if we want to change our minds (just like a couple of women might do on a whim), and we end up parking between Jaded Thai and Lily's Mexican restaurant. Now, I don't have a particular taste for anything as I haven't had much of an appetite and my sister doesn't want to be at fault if she picks either place and it sucks, so she stands by my door as I'm struggling my way out of her car, and waits there so she can follow me to whichever of these two restaurants I walk to. I laughed at her like the goof that she is and said, well, we were heading to Jaded Thai so lets just go there and we walk over. As we walk in, I noticed their restaurant is pretty busy. I was nervous for a second that we might have to wait for a table and I'm not much for standing around in my condition, but luckily they have more tables in this place than you would think looking from outside. We are seated at a 2-top table right away and I'm thinking I HATE 2-top tables. They are never big enough and were always struggling to fit our drinks, food, side plates and our phones (of course!) but I was happy to find the 2-top was plenty spacious for our dining needs. We're immediately served ice cold water and given our menus. They are not the most extensive menus but they have plenty of options. It's very simply laid out. For example, they list all your entree options like "garlic, ginger, sweet & sour" and then you can pick if you want tofu, chicken, beef, or shrimp. I love this! Simple yet customizable. Right up my alley! I love ginger like I love chocolate, so I of course select the Ginger Chicken. My sis, well, I'll let her tell you herself about her meal but she loved it! We also shared their combination appetizer. PERFECT FOR SHARING UP TO 4 PEOPLE!! You receive 4 each: crab Rangoon, mini egg rolls and shrimp dumpling. It was more than enough for the 2 of us and just enough for 4 people to share. Their dipping sauce was wonderful. The egg rolls were wrapped tight and packed with flavor. The shrimp dumpling did not look like something I would normally pick up to taste but were FANTASTIC! And the crab Rangoon was pretty standard. Oh, did I mention the app was only $7?!My Ginger chicken was very, very good! I was a pain and ordered it without mushrooms, easy onions and extra bell peppers (they did charge me an extra $1 for the extra peppers). The chicken was plentiful. Beautiful white meat pieces of chicken and had plenty of sauce. It was served with some steamed rice to tie it all together. What I love about Thai food is that it's not greasy or heavy like Chinese food. I ate plenty of food for dinner tonight. I only ate about 1/3 or half of my dinner so I have some leftovers for lunch tomorrow and it cost me about $18 out the door. We both skipped the soda and stuck to good ole H2O but do keep in mind they serve soda by the can at $1.50 each: coke, diet coke and sprite only. Personally, I prefer my soda from a can anywhere I go because I know exactly what I'm getting and I'm not concerned that the lines haven't been cleaned or I'm getting some generic crap soda pop. We will definitely be back! I have a feeling now that we like Jaded Thai so much, were unlikely to try any of the other places in the strip mall but anything is possible. Ps. They're closed on Sundays!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/31/2014,124,515,14,16,14>Ooooooooh yeah! In this shack like spot you can find some heavenly food. Well, heavenly is conceivably light and this is far from light. It's really good but certainly not good for you. But if you have teeth and have to chew food, shouldn't you chew something worth chewing?! If you are toothless, this is probably not your kind of place. Why should you chew this? Here's my recap. ....After seeing other Yelpers check in and rave about this place, I decided to stretch my stomach in preparation for Thanksgiving gluttony/feasting = plan to eat way too much. I couldn't decide on whether to utilize their delivery or if to pick it up but I ultimately decided I should drive over to see the place. It probably would not have altered my decision either way but I was curious as to the layout. Lo and behold, I tried the Buffalo Chicken Sausage which was amazeballs!! It is served  on a bun with finely sliced carrots and celery. You also can choose to have bleu cheese or ranch sauce on it too. The sausage is served with regular fries but you can upgrade to butter garlic fries, cheese fries or chili fries. Given the popularity of the butter garlic, I decided against everything else. My fries were delicious too. Delicious enough to eat cold and so much so that I was upset once I realized I had no room in my stomach for what was left. I highly recommend this place and hope you can look past the building's appearance. It's worth your while.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,1/30/2014,255,326,11,14,10>This family-owned bakery can trace a solid lineage of pastry wizards and bread magicians all the way back to 19th century Germany. Don't let the tradition and heritage here fool you, though. Their products are made with a very modern sensibility.My favorite things to come here for are seasonal treats, like apple pie cupcakes in the fall (mmm, pie filling inside!) or classic heart-shaped sugar cookies for valentine's day. For Halloween this year, they had very creative if very frosting-heavy monster cupcakes, complete with sparkly, spiky "fur." There are different specials every day,  including donuts of the day. I've never tried anything from here that I didn't like, but some items that are decorated to look amazing don't taste as good as they look (see aforementioned monster cupcakes). They also run out of certain items fast. Call ahead or come prepared with a Plan B if you want something specific, although showing up at random and trying to choose from the many delicious choices is also fun. Lest you think they're all about sweets, I'll recommend the croissants and potato bread. Try it for a hearty sandwich or for dipping.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/29/2014,760,671,12,23,18>Here's the thing: I don't rush in the morning. I'm that rare, weird person that wakes up two hours before work to relax and prepare for my day. I light candles, make (and eat) breakfast, drink tea/coffee, prepare a lunch for later, do some reading, journal a bit, maybe write a review, and do some light morning yoga. Then I go to work. It makes my day feel so much better if it's not a routine of wake up and go to work. On nice-weather days, I'll even head over to a forest preserve for a leisurely walk.If I don't feel like making breakfast at home (or run out of food), I'll use the time to find a new place on my route to work that isn't Starbucks (although I do love my 'bucks). In fact, I really love finding new morning places -- especially cute places open at 7am. Blackberry Market appeared on my radar a couple months ago and I finally visited recently.I can't believe I didn't stop here sooner! This place is amazing.If I had a larger disposable income, I'd come here almost every morning for breakfast.Walking in, you'll see a little shop area for artisan jams, bags of Intelligentsia coffee, packaged gluten-free treats, local beer, and other little kitchen essentials. Beyond that is a long counter with scrumptious baked goodies displayed behind the glass and smiling employees creating culinary delights. The interior has gorgeous floors, brick walls, tin ceiling tiles, lime green chairs, and fun photographs. There's even a large dining area attached to the front cafe. All of this, wrapped up together, makes for a very cozy and inviting cafe.I stared at the beautiful menu (quinoa salads, lovely sandwiches, baked treats, coffees, teas, etc.) for a few minutes before deciding to order a pumpkin spice latte and a veggie breakfast sandwich. My latte was made right away. It was better than I had expected. Soooo good. A few moments later, my sandwich was ready and it was placed in a large brown paper bag (I ordered it to go). I was a bit confused why one little breakfast sandwich needed such a big bag. I looked inside the bag and saw one HUGE breakfast sandwich! With a side of potatoes! Very unexpected.The sandwich and potatoes were eaten once I got to work. They were delicious and so filling! I actually ended up eating only half of my sandwich for breakfast and finishing the other half for lunch. At this point, it was probably a good thing I didn't order a brownie or something because I wouldn't have had any room for it in my [tiny] stomach! Mmmm.Blackberry Market, you've won me over. I can't wait to eat with you again.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/28/2014,2184,1339,17,35,30>Lynfred Winery is still everything of my hopes and dreams, however there's a need for an update as I've now attended their Epicurean Experience.December 2013's menu was based on Holiday Traditions dishes and it pleased my mouth in every possible way.Our menu was:Pinot Grigio 2010 paired with:-Arugula salad with bacon, figs, ricotta cheese and marzipan -Caribbean Christmas crab cakeCabernet Syrah 2009 paired with:-Goose stew with pearl barley and celery root (they substituted duck for us)-Beef brisket with slow-roasted beans and olive aioliPear Wine paired with:-Gingerbread pate a choux with pear compote-Sticky toffee pudding with oranges and whipped cream fraicheI loved every single item with the standouts being the Arugula salad (surprisingly) and the beef brisket for me.Going to Lynfred for the Epicurean Experience is a perfect date activity. If you're a member of Lynfred (which you should be if you aren't already), it's just $23 pp. That is such a a steal for such highly elegant food and full glasses of each wine, plus insanely personal service. Upstairs in the special Epicurean room, it was just my date & I plus one other couple. The chef came out to explain every single dish in each course in great detail. Then we had one server checking up on us and the other couple - just very attentive service. And they won't accept tips! When you're finished with the meal (or before) you can of course indulge in their fabulous wine tasting for $7-10 for members.I'm determined to go to more of the Epicurean menus in the coming months. Lynfred remains one of my favorite places in the Chicago 'Burbs and I'm so happy to be a member of their Wine Club!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,1/27/2014,55,86,6,9,8>I love Rainbow Cow. I have been to many frozen yogurt shops that are similar, but Rainbow Cow is the best! They always have new flavors in, and I believe they rotate flavors every week. My favorite though is the California tart. That with some Oreos and nuts.... YUM.I give Rainbow cow such a high rating because of the quality of yogurt and the variety of toppings. Also, the place is clean, and the staff is very pleasant. The prices are very fair too; for a large cup of yogurt with toppings, it costs me about $4.50. Peter, the owner, loves to educate people about yogurt! I learned about lactobulgaris, one of the bacteria used to make yogurt, and the early development of yogurt through conversations with him.I love coming here and I highly recommend it. This frozen yogurt kicks the crap out of any ice cream!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,1/26/2014,68,129,8,11,10>There's really nothing anyone could possibly say to make a die-hard Johnnie's enthusiast stop believing in the greasy power of waiting in line for ten minutes for an Italian Beef sandwich. Every time I wait in line, there is a family or group of friends nearby in line who came straight from O'Hare airport. Inevitably the person who flew out to Chicago will mention that part of the reason they came to town was to have another meal at Johnnie's. They have Italian beef with hot peppers, Italian beef with sweet peppers, Italian sausage, and lovely Italian Ice. The bread is always chewy and flaky; the beef is piping hot with a cracked pepper-y taste; and the hot jardiniere (I've never been a fan of sweet) is crunchy and, yes, pretty darn hot. When you first go to Johnnie's (and I say "when" because you WILL go to Johnnie's. And I hope when you do you say to yourself or out loud, "Margaux was right.") you will be intimidated. All of these people surrounding you in line seem to know exactly what to say. There's a cash only policy, and everyone has exact change. Don't worry, young neophyte, you will soon be among the experts who frequent this delicious hole in the wall. You don't want Italian beef with hot peppers. You want a beef hot. Everyone will be talking fast and saying things like "Beef hot" and "Beef sweet" and that's what they mean. If you want extra au jous, know that they won't give it to you so you can dip it into the tiny plastic cup with your pinkie in the air because that's extra superduper fancy. NO. You'll get it dipped. Your order will be "one beef dip, hot." And how will you maneuver around the hotness, you ask? (Inevitably you'll underestimate just how hot their jardiniere is...) You'll order an Italian Ice.Now I'm not one to sing the praises of a dessert as simple as an Italian Ice. That was before. Before I realized the healing power that is Johnnie's Italian Ice. Havin' a bad day, bud? I know just what you need. You need Italian Ice. Nothing turns that frown upside down better than shaved ice with the sweet, tangy, light taste of lemon. Don't be scared--that's just a real lemon rind in your Italian Ice. That's just quality slapping you in your grin the size of Chicago. Feelin a little sick? Have a headache or stomach ache? Let's face facts, honey, are you hungover? Johnnie's Italian Ice is LITERALLY WHAT YOU NEED. I don't want to sound insane, but when I'm feeling sick and get Italian Ice instead of seven-up or something, I feel better the next day. No lingering sickness. I might live in Oak Park forever just so I can have Italian Ice whenever I'm sick. Don't walk, people, run.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,1/25/2014,47,271,4,4,5>Great source for pinball supplies!    If you live close enough you can pick them up when they are open.  On top of it, they have great service - I went there yesterday with a part of my pinball where the stand-offs were broken and not only did they tell me what parts I needed, but they also did the repair work for me.  Whil ethey did the work, they let me play their pinballs...
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/24/2014,61,251,6,9,7>Overall the place was AWESOME, but what made me really like this place was our waiter Mike...a young male asking if we needed warm water to warm up our baby's bottle that we had on the table! I was so caught off guard by his awesome question I looked at my hubby like, omg! What do we say??!??! lol.  Im sorry but to me I just think that is just so cool to ask...maybe its a standard thing in restaurants, but as much as we have gone out to eat with our baby, no one has ever asked that.Anywho, this place has a nice set up with plenty of seating!  Their staff is amazing and extremely attentive and courteous!  They have a great and extensive (but not overwhelming) drink menu with good pricing (beer ranging $4-7 and mixed/martinis in the $8 range). ..not to shabby eh!?!Their pizza is delicious!  The hubby and I ordered a thin crust 14inch pizza half cheese half pepperoni and it was so good!  We had about 5 squares each to take home.  We have also been obsessed with that cookie and ice cream dessert at restaurants so we ordered that too...yum...enough said.Our bill was $47 for 3 beers, 14 inch pizza and dessert.  They have a rewards club that is free to join.  Once you get 300 points you get $20 added to your card! Its free...so why not join!?!?Its in the South Barrington Arboretum, so it can get busy over there, but otherwise there is plenty of parking.  Its near the movie theater FYI. :)
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,1/23/2014,69,457,4,10,7>It is definitely time for an update. I appreciate the many and convenient hours they have and that I can call and ask for an appointment and get one the same day a lot of the time. It helps so much that they have weekend hours too. I like the techs here too, especially Marissa!My sweetest cat in the world who was 15 was starting to act differently and even though she was so traumatized by going to the vet we of course needed to take her in. We had many visits over a period of several months and saw several different doctors. It always made me happy when the staff would comment about her- how cute or sweet or talkative she was. They were helpful and compassionate in figuring out what was wrong. She ended up having a couple of kinds of cancer which was devastating to us, but Dr. Pecoraro walked us through it. She recommended steroids which helped our sweet cat tremendously and helped us have more time to grieve the impending loss- it was so appreciated. When it came time to say goodbye we had a male doctor (sorry I don't remember his name) who helped us. We hadn't met him before but he explained everything to us and was very compassionate and kind. He let us say what we wanted to say to our sweet girl. The other staff were kind too. It was a little hard sitting in the waiting room with everyone else, knowing why we were there. I was crying. I was a little frustrated that it took so long for them to take us to a room- I don't know if they realized for a while why we were there or that I was crying. But eventually they realized and we were taken to a room and everything was explained and several staff told us how sorry they were.We were so touched to receive a hand written card from Dr. Pecoraro in the mail with her condolences. We also appreciated that they gave us paw prints and shared the Rainbow Bridge with us. Losing my sweet angel was one of the hardest things I've gone through but Lombard Veterinary Hospital made it better by educating and caring for her and us well.I brought our other cat in recently and cried pretty much the whole time remembering being there the last time to say goodbye. They seemed to understand and I appreciated that. Dr. Pecoraro also was sweet when she said she couldn't wait to meet our new kittens when we're ready to adopt more. :)The only thing that sometimes it stressful for me here is decisions about what to do or not do- I can tend to feel guilty or like I'm a bad cat mom if I say no to things. Money does matter and I have a hard time deciding what is necessary and what isn't- I want to care well for my cats but with indoor cats it's hard to know what is really needed. It seems like some vets here are more cautious in recommendations and understand the finances and others seem a little more assertive. We did just adopt some new kittens (hooray!) and though we got a free initial visit at another vet we are going to transfer their followup care to Lombard Vet Hospital because we are comfortable there.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,1/22/2014,24,142,19,10,7>Dear Yelp, please hide this review from my wife. :-)I am on a diet and have diligently ignored Spunky Dunkers every time I've driven past.However, I must confess, last week I didn't drive past, I pulled in.  I was telling myself the whole time that I was *ONLY* going to get a cup of coffee.  That is, until I saw the apple fritters.  Oh my -- goodbye self-controlThat was the BEST apple fritter I have ever had in my life.  Now, I need to find another route to drive to my office because I can't overcome the voices in my head when I drive past Spunky Dunkers now.  :-)
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,1/21/2014,38,102,4,8,6>Since this bakery is just down the street from my job, I have to restrain myself every day from indulging.  I don't have any nut allergies, so the first time I went in I was a little confused because I was under the impression that most cupcake recipes don't use nuts.  But I was blown away by how delicious they were!  I especially recommend the banana with cream cheese frosting, which makes me want to live in a small tent outside the store just to make sure I can eat every single one every day.There are about 10 flavors to choose from, and like other reviewers have stated there are a few other snacks to choose from too, but the general outlay of the store is pretty simple and frill-less (it's eerily quiet, I wish they would play a little music).  But for a grab-and-go cupcake place, it does the trick for me!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,1/20/2014,106,272,7,8,6>I can't believe this little gem of a place has tacos that are so good!I mainly came here on the recommendation from a friend on the whole chicken meal deal for under $11-12. The smackdown:Yous get a whole (or a half if you want) grilled chicken (seasoned out of this world) + a stack of soft warm corn tortillas + a bundle of grilled pearl onions and whole jalapenos + hot and mild salsas + rice and beans (if you want).OhMyGoodnessI only used that delicious bird to make ONE taco, let me tell you, because the rest of the time I simply ate the bird as it was with my hands...I plucked that bird good (see what I did there?). The tortillas just got in the way if you ask me and ain't NOBODY got time for that.I've lived around this grocery store/taco heaven haven for years and always drive past it on Irving Park Road. Why didn't someone tell me about this joint sooner?! Yeah, it's Y'ALLS fault, not mine.Anyway, do your body good and stop on in this place. They're quick, delicious, and don't forget to grab a few Jarritos to quinch that chicken thirst you're sure to have.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/19/2014,47,142,4,10,6>Ditka's is now tied with Gibson's as being my favorite steak house out there! They are better than Capital Grill, Chicago Cut, and Chicago Chop House (although these are also excellent choices). Everything we were served had delicious and full flavor!!I had a Matilda, and my husband had the Ditka's special craft brew. The Ditka brew was very good! I highly recommend. I had the greek salad as a starter. This is no ordinary greek salad. It also has hearts of palm in it and a tangy creamy dressing. For dinner I had the Halfback sized filet. It was 8 oz and cooked medium to perfection. I also got it with the mushrooms. I can't even describe the taste, it was fabulous. I do wish they could offer a 5 oz steak. I am a BIG eater, but 8 oz or more is just always too much for me. That's okay, I took the leftovers home and make a steak salad the next day. For sides we got the Flight of 3 sides, which is more than enough for two people, and would be enough for three as well. We had the creamed corn, corn tamale cake, and smashed red skin potatoes. The corn tamale cake was sweet with a spicy salsa - yum!They brought us a flour-less chocolate cake dessert since we were there for our 3 year anniversary. So delish. Our service was superb, the ambiance in this place was awesome. It was fancy but loved the TV's - a must for Ditka's. The ONLYYYYYY thing that would have made this better is if we saw DA COACH! That's okay, we'll be back. A+++++ for Ditka's!!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,1/18/2014,68,391,2,8,3>Went to Prime Burger House with my boyfriend for a early lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant wasn't busy at this time which was nice. We could sit and have a nice quiet lunch. The service here was friendly and quite good. We were seated at a nice large booth with a tv. You can change the channel on the tv but all it had was all stations football yuck :) So we just turned the volume all the way down.  The menu has a bunch of sections. Everything from a basic burger to one with a lobster on it.  For lunch I ordered the Juicy Louise and paid the extra dollar to upgrade to steak fries. My burger was cooked to perfection. It came with onion rings on it which I took off because they just made the burger too big for my mouth. It was like having two different sides :) The Juicy Louise here is the closest I have had to Matt's bar in Minneapolis (still the best in my opinion). My burger was served with a generous portion of fresh steak fries also. One of the best burger spots in the Chicago Area. Would defiantly go back!!!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,1/17/2014,51,217,4,8,6>WOW! It's like I've died and gone to heaven.  Amazing.  Hands down the largest beer selection I've seen in a restaurant.   So many beers I can't even begin to describe how glorious it was.  It took me an honest 10 min to figure out what I wanted.  There were so many beers to choose from that our table was ready before our beers were even poured.  It was a crowded Friday evening too.   I could go on for hours about how great the beer selection was, draft and bottle alike.  The only downside was that there was three or four different beer menus.  You had to hope you grabbed the most current one and that they had the beer you wanted.  I was told "sorry, we're out of that" 7 different times.  That was the biggest bummer, because some of them were awesome beers that I was excited to drink.  They do have flights of beer which is great for sampling, not so great for staying sober. They also serve food, which amusingly was on a menu the size of most other restaurants beer list.  The burger was alright, I'm not going to tell people to try it but I won't shy people away from it.  The pizza on the other hand was mostly garbage.  The wife thought it was ok, but it wasn't very flavorful and just generally meh.  I don't really fault them for their food being average since this is clearly a beer place, but I would have hoped for a little more in the kitchen.  Regardless, I'll just have to eat before I come here for every sports thing ever.  Because that's how often you will see me here, after all I have to try all the beers.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,1/16/2014,101,127,5,8,5>I've been coming here for eyebrow threading since high school... so like 10 years now. Wow. Sorry, I need a moment... I've never stuck to one place for 10 years before!I've never had any other services done at Cutting Edge, but I can certainly give them 5 stars for eyebrows. It's quick, (relatively) painless, and way cheaper than going somewhere else to get them waxed. I went somewhere else once on a day Cutting Edge was closed and decided to have my brows waxed. It took FOREVER and my skin was red for the next 3 hours. Not to mention it cost $25 as opposed to Cutting Edge's $6. Ain't nobody got time for that!! Just walk in, write your name on the list, wait 30 seconds-5 minutes (depending on how busy it is), sit back, and let the professionals do the work! It's actually very relaxing if you ask me. Like acupuncture, only instead of sticking needles in your skin, they're ripping hair out.See you soon ladies, my brows are getting a little Andy Rooney-ish!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/15/2014,78,342,5,8,4>Angel, oh Angel....you have saved me from my eyebrow rut.  I was desperate to find someone who could make me fall in love with my eyebrows again after my old girl stopped waxing and her replacements weren't fitting the bill.  I ventured out to see Angel who is in a old Naperville house converted into the home of a massage place and the waxing studio.  I did love that I could book my appointment on line.  I talk a lot on the phone for my job so anytime I can avoid this step it is always a plus for me.  When I got there, Angel was very welcoming and asked a lot of questions about what I wanted.  She got down to business and chatted me up while performing her magic on my face.  It didn't take a long time, but not too short either.  I loved my eyebrows the first day and now about a week after getting them done I still love them.  Price is about right for the area.  She does lots of other body parts too, but I think until I get brave enough I will stick with my eyebrows.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,1/14/2014,136,719,4,6,4>I've been driving past for a number of years, without realizing what a hidden gem this place is, until my first visit today!This is a boutique spa, with carefully curated decor that eases the mind and senses. Be prepared to be pampered! The staff is absolutely lovely, and so are the facilities where the services are provided. I happened to walk by a massage room and it looked heavenly comfortable and cozy.As soon as I arrived I filled out a three page survey of my personal health and skincare preferences/favorite products so they would get a good baseline to work from. Today, my first appointment was for a manicure and pedicure in the lovely nail spa area with Amanda. The space is so inviting! Amanda is such a pro! She made me feel completely at ease and made this one of the very best mani/pedi I've had in years!They offer you their mock-tini, a selection of natural and sparkling juices to enjoy during your service. Mine had pineapple and it was delicious and refreshing.The space where the nail services take place features a flat screen TV and relaxing music as well. It also features an extensive collection of retail goodies, ranging from an exercise ball and a new mother self care kit, to an amazing array of Eminence Hungarian organic skincare products and cosmetics. Don't miss some of the lovely items on display at the main entrance, as well. Great prices and services selection.I can't wait for my next appointment, and to try out some of their other services, such as lymphatic massage.Thank you for accepting credit cards and allowing me to add gratuity on the bill. This is a rarity and it makes the difference in customer service.The private lot was rather busy with parked cars and idling cars with parents picking up kids coming out of a suite in this same building.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,1/13/2014,91,130,4,13,8>The food is delicious here! I came here for lunch with friends and it was extremely packed and the service was a little slow then what I am used to at lunch time at other restaurants. Not sure if the service is normally like this or if it was because it was packed. The food is reasonable priced and the best part about this place is that it's BYOB! Yay! I had their butternut squash ravioli which was yum!Via Roma is one of those places you probably would not find unless you knew about it or lived in the area. It's honestly a "gem" It is a really small restaurant and the sitting is a little congested but overall great!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,1/12/2014,269,638,7,10,9>Do yourself a favor, and get off the chain-gang highway that LaGrange Road has become, and find your way to this cute little cafe situated in a strip plaza in this mainly office/medical building area.  You won't regret the slight detour.We came here for an early lunch, just missing the office lunch crowd that was here by the time we left.  A nice dining room, sparsely decorated, but with a lot of natural light coming in from the front windows.  You look at the flat-screened menu boards to choose your food, place your order at the front counter, sit, and your server brings the food out to you.  (Don't sit at the table directly in front of the menu boards, unless you enjoy eating with someones ass in your face, as they look at the menu.  My fault- totally.)I started with an order of the baked French onion soup.  Now this is one of my favorite soups, and has been the deal breaker at many a restaurants I have ordered it at.  This place has it nailed!  A flavorful but yet not too salty broth, caramelized onions, the perfect amount of cheese, baked to slightly browned perfection!  Really, I could have ordered another bowl and called it a day, but I also had the sandwich and side of the day.  Truthfully, I was so enamored by the soup, that I'm really not sure what that sandwich consisted of.  It must have been good though, since I ate the whole thing without complaint.  I also enjoyed the side of potato salad.  It had an all white color, and a very smooth consistency.  This place is not exactly around the corner from me, but I know I will be back to try the four cheese and ham French pastry pie, and the Cajun chicken pasta dish also on the menu.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,1/11/2014,98,221,6,9,6>I was first introducted to Chef Shangr-la during my very first Yelp Elite event.  I've got to say, it was love at first bite.  (Pun totally intended.)  Sadly I don't live especially close, but I think that just adds to the excitement.There are two reasons to come to Chef Shangri-La's: the food and the drinks.First up the food, because without you may not survive the drinks.  Between my two visits I've had the Crab Rangoon, Pan-Fried Potsticks, Veggie Egg-rolls, General Chu's Tofu, the Tahatian Mango Chicken, the Mongolian Beef, and fried rice.  Crab rangoon is something I like, but it's never my first choice.  That logic does not apply to the crab rangoon here.  This is the best crab rangoon I've ever had in my life.  The pot stickers (which I believe are pork though the menu doesn't say) are absolutely huge!  They're probably twice the size of your average pot-sticker.  I loved the mango chicken when I had it at the Elite event, and very seriously considered just ordering it again on our recent return visit.  But I also knew I needed to give something else on the menu a try so I ordered the General Chu's Tofu.  (Plus, I was really in the mood for tofu, and they hae a pretty extensive list of tofu dishes.)  The tofu was firm and crisp on the outside and a little mushy on the inside just like it should be.  The flavor was awesome though if you like really spicy food, you might be disappointed by the spice level.  My pansy-ass self thought it was perfect though.Now the drinks.  They offer 28 varieties of tropical deliciousness.  (And 6 without cocounut or rum if, like my boyfriend, you're made of coconut hating evil.)  Candice G's description of these drinks are pretty spot-on.  These drinks will knock you on yours ass.  Everyone seems to love the Dr. Fong which is tasty, but to be honest, I prefer the Zombie or the Kom-mon-i-wana-lei-a.Otehr items of note: Using my Groupon was easy peasy.  No hassles or arguments.  In fact they just discounted the check $20 even though the Groupon wasn't supposed to apply to drinks.  The decor probably hasn't been updated since they opened in the 70's or whatever, but it's awesomely kitchsy and who doesn't love a good tiki-theme especially when Chicago winter stretches into May...Check it out.  You won't regret it.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,1/10/2014,65,785,5,7,6>We had a dinner outing here, and I really liked this place, and will go with about 4.5 stars for I had.  I had the sushi/sashimi combo for $23.95 and it might have been the best value I've seen anywhere for quantity.  Wife had Bento Box A for $17.95, and again the mostest we've ever seen we think per dollar.  Others in the party had various rolls (quite large again), and chicken teriyaki. The rolls tried included rainbow dragon, sunset , and I Love Chicago.  I heard the chicken teriyaki was a bit dried out, so reviews will vary with the individual meal.  The sushi was not the best quality ever, but it was still very good I would say.  A few of the rolls were really packed with wasabi for example.  The dining space is small, so reservations recommended.  At one point, the entire place was filled.   The service was quick and friendly, and green tea and water replenished quite regularly.  We will be back for sure.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,1/9/2014,78,586,6,10,7>The food was good - traditional Czech / Eastern European faire. I had the breaded pork with bread dumplings and sweet and sour cabbage. Could have been just a touch hotter, fortunately the gravy helped bring the temp up a little. Potato and mushroom soup was good - lots of flavor. I also ordered a potato pancake appetizer which was pretty good, though they were just making the batter when I ordered it, so the waitress asked if she could bring the entree our first. They both ended coming out at the same time - I wasn't picky about that though.I noticed that the waitress was also performing "hostess" duties with respect to answering the phone. She received a few calls on her cellphone while I was there - most seemed to be for Mother's Day reservations. Once it even rang as she was finishing up taking my order. Service was slightly slow at times - but I wasn't in a rush either, so no big deal. Other than 3 people who walked in midway through my lunch, I was the only person in the restaurant.I do wish they could rehab the place a little to bring it back to its former glory. Ceiling tiles were starting to come apart in a couple of places and the restaurant as a whole could use some refurbishing. Not a remodel - just fixing up some of the things in the existing spot. Hours are down to Fri - Sun only - I hope this place hangs on - it's a classic.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,1/8/2014,82,199,10,10,10>My very first casino experience! I made it (almost) 3 years in to being 21 without visiting a casino. I had a pretty good time- this place was some QUALITY people watchin'. Started off playing some of the machines and really, I had no freaking clue what I was doing the entire time. I just wandered around, put some money in, and hit buttons. Felt pretty damn awesome when I won $40, though. That was my huge payout for the night and I felt like a baller. Hey, it kept me in drinks and games for most of the night!We also went in to the club they have on site, Cube or something? That was like seriously the craziest place I've ever been to. It was like old men dancing with middle aged women, old women dancing with young guys. It was a very interesting mix of people. Fun in a weird way and probably the best people watching all night.We stopped at Flipt before we left but the food was waaay too greasy for me after drinking. Plus I paid more for a meatless grilled cheese and fries than my friend did for her burger and fries. Overall, I had a very fun first trip to the casino!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,1/6/2014,42,56,4,8,5>We had our son's 4th birthday party here, so I will review 1) the play area in general and 2) : the party THE PLAY AREAFor a somewhat small space, there are lots of great separate "play stations" for kids to engage and have fun. From a climbing/jungle area to a book/reading area to a instruments/stage area to an arts and crafts room and all kinds of stuff in between. A child will not get bored here for hours and hours. And everything is open to everyone! Just jump in and start playing. Perfect for a rainy or cold Chicago day!Also, everything is clean, and the staff is around and attentive. THE PARTYThere are several party packages to choose from, and the one we got allowed us access to the party room for two hours, a staff person, tablecloths, plates, cups, napkins and utensils (pick your color) and a clean-up crew. We provided our own food (pizza and cake--you can bring in what you want) and drinks. Although you only get the party room for 2 hours, guests have access to the whole facility for the entire day. There are no structured activities for the kids--just free play--but everyone was quite happy with that. It was a great time for minimal work and very affordable.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,1/5/2014,45,228,4,4,3>OH HEY UNLIMITED SUSHI FOR $20, YOU'VE GOT YOURSELF A FAN!And to my surprise, this amazing deal doesn't just apply to sushi but with appetizers and such.  But for real, why go with filler when you can get all killer, right?!?! haha. That being said, the Torched Dragon and Blue Sky signature rolls are what you need.  These sealed the deal for me. The only complaint I have about Sushi City is that the service is sooooo sloooow.... Don't come here if you're in a rush or get impatient easily.  I typically would write off a place that had "eh" service, such as this, but seriously, I cannot find a better deal with some fairly creative and delicious sushi!  :D
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,1/4/2014,68,207,4,8,4>I did a yelp search for "sub sandwich" and Kreger's came up about 5 pages in. It definitely stood out from the standard Subway, Jason's Deli, Jimmy John's, and other sub places of the world, so I obviously had to take a gander. After looking through the pictures, I was sold. I stopped by the next day for lunch and ended up leaving with more than I anticipated. They have a fridge and freezer full of goodies...sausages, chops, and various sides are ready to go in the freezer, while the fridge has cucumber salad, sauerkraut, kraut slaw (yum), german potato salad, macaroni salad, and more. The thing that really gives this place a hometown feel is that they have a small shelf with chips and candy. They also have 3 little tables with the red-checkered table cover, the place is AC-free (just like the old days of summer)...its feels like a smalltown general mart :) The deli counter offers an array of sausages plus different sandwich salads (ham and chicken) to go. But you can walk right up and order lunch! The choices were polish sausage, brat, or pulled pork. For $7 you get the sando plus a bag of chips and can of pop. Not bad for a homemade chunk of meat! I got a small tub of german potato salad, small tub of kraut slaw, a pulled pork sandwich, and a polish sausage on a bun with kraut and tomatoes (all to share with my hubby, of course). The german potato salad had a creamy-saucy type of texture to it that German potato salad should have. It was really good...if I could change anything, I'd maybe make it less sweet and add a bit more vinegar. But I still really enjoyed it and am glad that I got a small tub of it to munch on all weekend. Speaking of vinegar, the kraut slaw was off the beaten path. I was really wondering how it was going to be different than regular ol' sauerkraut...well, the name "kraut slaw" says it all. It's very much like a vinegar-and-oil cole slaw, but with kraut. It has bits of peppers and onions in there, with some spices that help to give it a tangy flavor. Again, glad I got a bunch of this to eat all weekend. The sandwiches REALLY hit the spot. The french roll in which the pulled pork was stuffed into offered the perfect texture against the tender shredded pork. You got more than your fair share of pork too, definitely worth your dollar. It had a definite smokey flavor to it that blended well with the sweet BBQ sauce that was slathered on top of the sandwich. I really glad that the sauce was put on the sandwich afterwards and not mixed in with the beef, because you could really pinpoint all the flavors out of the meat, bread, and sauce. The polish sausage was great on its own...again, the bun went really well with the link. When you ask for tomatoes, you better expect tomatoes...I think an entire tomato was quartered onto this! The sausage was cooked to a good consistency...a slight firmness on the outside, but once you bite into it the inside is juicy and flavorful. I'm in heaven just thinking about it. I'll admit, it didn't taste like any polish sausage I had eaten before...much like the pulled pork, it had a smokey flavor to it (possibly due to how it was prepared). But I loved that it didn't taste fatty or salty, like many store-bought sausages do. It tasted like I was eating real hearty meat. If you are running errands on a Saturday morning or afternoon around Naperville, do yourself a favor and stop in to this neighborhood meat market. It is literally in a neighborhood, so you might think you are going the wrong way, but then there it is, small and family owned like it stepped out of the 1960's. The place is small, but the sandwiches and meat pack a punch that will leave you dreaming of sausage (does that sound bad? Maybe?). I'm not sure I'll ever return to store-bought polish sausage again!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,1/3/2014,209,310,5,6,5>Yippeeee!  A new bakery in town!  A new bakery in town.  Ok, so it's been here awhile.  Look, I was out of the country for the summer and needless to say I have been YELPLESS.  Anywho, this place is super cute.  I am trying to stay away from wheat and all that cray-cray GMO grains that we have going on here in the US.  SO I was pleased as punch that they offered, ON A REGULAR basis, delicious gluten free goodies.  Yeah, so it's got a load of sugar, but whatevs.  Their macaron selection is wonderful.  Now, for those of you that get easily confused by your cookies options, macarons, with one "O" are without the coconut.  They are typically made with almond flour and egg whites.  Yep, and so semi paleo????  So some of the flavors I have tried are chocolate, vanilla, salted caramel, raspberry and green tea.  All of which were really good.  I have also tried a chocolate gluten free dessert and can not remember the name, only that it was rich and chocolately.  The staff that work there are all super friendly and helpful.  Please shop here for all your dessert needs.  I really want this to stay in business!!!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,1/2/2014,17,96,6,9,7>I'll admit...I was skeptical at first.  Does Glen Ellyn really need another Italian restaurant? Especially one that took over the beloved Vietnamese Mykha's restaurant?  Well, the answer is I am glad it is in town!  Pastas were fantastic.  We had a star shaped ravioli filled with Osso buco!  Loved it!!!  Tons of flavor, incredibly moist and tender.  We also had a fusilli pasta with broccoli and shrimp!  Both shrimp and pasta were cooked perfectly.Specials were hand-written!  I love menus that are ever changing!The place is small but diners filled it until closing.  Jimmy, the owner is charming and loud in that wonderful authentic Italian way!  He couldn't be any nicer!Lovely wine selection too!  And The waitstaff mature & professional!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,1/1/2014,234,114,5,9,6>This is by far the best uber casual restaurant within a marketplace that I've ever been to. Yes yes, I completely sound like I'm exaggerating. But really, all you need to do is go and you will understand what I am talking about.Portions are fair and filling. If I could say something else about this place is that its quite clean feeling. This also includes the food that is served to you. Easy in terms of taste (not too salty). The presentation itself is clean and caught me off guard.The Cali burger is just so awesome; if I didn't restrain myself, I think I'd order this every time. There is something about this burger, with its honey mustard, gouda, tomato, and onion under a whole grain bun that screams 'not too heavy.' Surely, it doesn't feel that way either and the burger itself lends a lot of sweet and savory flavor.#1 tuna made me hold onto my seat because those seared pieces of tuna were HUGE. I had to snap back to reality and tell myself I was at the Standard market, not a fishing boat. They coleslaw as a component of this creation. I gotta tell you, the coleslaw here is FABULOUS. They have it nailed. I even order coleslaw as a side, in place of fries. Once I'm done, I even walk to the deli in the market...after leaving the grill...and buy some coleslaw home. TRY THE COLESLAW.24-hour steak sandwich was generous and delivered a punch. It is one of the heavier items on the menu but gets the job done if you're feeling it that day. Generous strips of steak, some blue cheese (not too strong), caramelized onions, and argula...all on a baguette. Beautiful.As a side, you can get regular fries, sweet potato fries (awesome - they got this one down also - its actually crispy crunchy on the outsides and velvety soft on the inside - served with some honey mustard), or COLESLAW (goodness gracious).Staff is attentive and will sometimes come and give you free pastries.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,12/31/2013,51,151,5,10,8>4.5 Stars!Capri is definitely in my top running for great Italian food, and really considering putting it in a top 5 over-all.  First an explanation on the .5 star that I took off...  They were extremely busy on a Saturday night, which isn't really to blame for a popular place.  We were told the wait would be 45 minutes, and it was closer to the long side of an hour.  They do have a bar area, but it was jam packed so we waited outside.  It was a little chilly out, but they have an outdoor patio area where you can sit around these cool little fire tables to stay warm.  The other reasoning behind the .5 star off was the noise level.  It's super loud in there, almost to the point where its kind of hard to hear each other talk.  The food was phenomenal though!  We started out with a calamari appetizer and asked for Vodka sauce instead of the typical marinara (highly recommend you try this) and it was great.  The Vodka sauce was some of the best I've had.  For my meal I decided to go with 8 finger "Gavadell" (Cavatelli to the non Italian) and asked for Arabiatta sauce with it.  Just the right amount of spice, and the portion size was great, I couldn't come close to finishing it all.  I also got a side of Escarole because I haven't seen that option in too many places.  It was awesome, they saute it with garlic and prosciutto!  I will say it was an extra $5 for the side, and it was kind of a small portion on that.  The service was pretty good, and the pricing was a little on the high side, but pretty much what you expect when going somewhere like Capri.  The ambiance of the restaurant is awesome and would be a really great date place if it wasn't quite so loud in there.  The parking situation is decent, and they do have a valet if your a baller like that.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,12/30/2013,68,183,5,7,7>I have been here twice in the last couple of months for mommy daughter breakfasts. Both times, we didn't wait on a Saturday morning. WooHoo!The French toast kabobs are amazing. It is two skewers. Each have two half slices of French toast with strawberries and pineapple. Oh and a chocolate dipping sauce! I just dip the fruit but I imagine it would all taste amazing dipped in chocolate. The double chocolate waffle is kinda cakey and tastes like a brownie. Only eat if you are in the mood for a brownie breakfast. Pro-Tip: Try the passion fruit juice. You will thank me later.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,12/29/2013,65,419,11,11,8>Don't go here!  Seriously - just stay home.  More room for me that way!  This is a small place that is a hidden gem, as others have also stated.  Very bare bones, and a little hard to find, just a bar and some stools that are bolted to the ground and some room to stand.  No food, no silliness, no cash or tips allowed (though you can "buy the servers a beer", which basically tips them the price of a glass) - just some really excellent beer in a place you'd least expect.   They seem to rotate the taps out - while we were there, they ran out of one item (of course the one I liked the most) and replaced it with something new so we got to try 10 different excellent beers.  The samplers are a good deal - for maybe $9, you get 4 wine glasses of whatever beers you select.  There's a fair amount variety and something for everything, in my opinion.  Each sampler counts as one serving, btw, as does a full glass - you're only allowed three servings total per person.  They may also have a random food truck show up - check their website to see for sure, but there is no brewpub attached to this place.  So yeah.  Don't go here.  Stay home and drink bad beer.  It's hard to find and you're not going to like it.  I swear!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,12/28/2013,20,133,4,9,5>I never would have found this place without Yelp.  The Mrs. mentioned we hadn't been to a Brazilian steakhouse in a long time, and she was right.So I started looking and really wasn't excited at the idea of another $44.99 not including drinks, desserts, everything else for the family to go to a place thinking they were fine dining.  Brazil Express lived up to the hype-just a clean, nice looking restaurant with very good service.  The gauchos were not one right after the other-you actually were able to take one bite off of what was just placed on your plate before the next meat came.    The garlic steak was really good-everything was, but the meats wrapped in bacon could have used another couple of minutes to cook the bacon itself.Good salad bar-not too many items that you end up full before the meal-and it included hot items-good broccoli soup, rice and black beans.  The cold items were even better-fresh and a decent variety.  The boys (8 and 11) enjoyed not only the novelty of the grab your tongs while they slice meat onto your plate experience, but the food itself, which always makes for a good time.  Not the type of restaurant/cuisine you go to all that often, but we'll go back for sure and it's a more affordable, less pretentious, and enjoyable option than the aforementioned chain/chain like places.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,12/27/2013,32,291,7,7,4>Tensuke is similar to Mitsuwa Corp.  We only tried a few dishes, so I need to go back before I can write anything definitive.  What's worth noting is the comparison between the two.  For the record, I like them both!- Tensuke seems to have better sushi- Tensuke takes credit cards.- Mitsuwa has more variety (Korean food, yay).- Mitsuwa has better Ramen- Mitsuwa has a more comfortable food court.  Yes, I said food court, so you might as well lower your expectations right now.- Mitsuwa is the much better grocery store (especially the tea section). - Tensuke is closer to my house ;)- Tie - Everyone is super nice.  I have to try their sushi catering platters.  I'm sick of Italian beef and pizza.  Fish is yummy.These places are good lunch spots.  The romance scale for dinner is on par with a bowling alley.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,12/26/2013,60,239,7,8,7>Tree Guys is starting to become a habit.  Why?1) TWO Church Street Brews on-tap along with a few other good craft brews.2) Very good food.  Had the Cajun Chicken Slammers special on Saturday and it was delicious.  The food has been consistently good since we re-discovered Tree Guys.3) Great daily drink specials.  Example: Saturdays are $3 "You Call It".  Now you're talkin'!4) Prices that won't break the pocket book.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,12/25/2013,73,240,4,8,6>This candy shop is so delightful, we were quite literally like kids in a candy store.  After wading through the massive crowds on opening weekend in the new Fashion Outlets of Chicago mall, Lolli & Pops was like an oasis beckoning us in.  My kids seemed to zero in on it on our way to the Nike store, and of course, we had to go in and explore.On entering, you can see it's not your run of the mill candy shop.  Lolli & Pops has a room designated to specific categories of sweets including Gummies, Chocolates, Jelly Beans (Jelly Belly brand).  You can find all kinds of candies and chocolates here, from your grocery store Nestle/Hershey brands to gourmet like Godiva.  Most of the sweets here are self-serve bulk, weighed by pound, but they also carry many individually packaged treats and goodies, including nostalgic and novelty candies like buttons, lemonheads, mallow bars, etc.  They even have a Pez/Pez Dispenser wall.  They have a glass-display counter with various specialty truffles and chocolates near the register (where they will package for you).  In addition to the sweets and treats, they have trinkets and toys, and a variety of beverages, including nostalgic and specialty (i.e., Green River) sodas.My kids went crazy in the Gummies room, filling a bag with different variety flavored gummy bears (she preferred the sweet cherry over the dark cherry, and exclaimed over the watermelon gummies - first time we'd seen those anywhere).  My son picked out a couple of lollipops.  I'm a chocolate-addict myself, so I loaded up a bag of bulk chocolates (6.99/lb, any variety) of milk, white and dark chocolates.  They had a delicious milk chocolate amaretto confection that was divine...I picked out one of those but should have taken home more.  I also put a few of clodhoppers in my bag and malt ball chocolates (white & milk).  My husband got the ginormous turtle, some chocolate covered pretzels, and peanut butter cups and also picked out a few packaged specialty chocolates (can't remember the brand, but one was a chili-pepper chocolate, another was blood orange). One thing to note, and I assume this is because of opening weekend and still laying things out/organizing, but many of the bulk chocolate containers did not have identifying labels on them...there were some interesting looking chocolates I would have liked to try (like one i could have sworn was a rum ball), but I had no idea what they were, so I passed them up.Gummies were weighed by pound as well, ($3.99, I think?) and we ended up paying around $17 for the 3 bags that we semi-filled, the specialty packaged chocolate, and the lollipops.  I haven't been to a candy store in a while, so I don't have anything to compare to for pricing, but I guess, it was comparable to going to a Fanny May or Godiva (with more variety).   In any event, it was a nice splurge in a cute, fun, fancy-ish Candy Shop, the décor definitely fit, dark wood paneled entrance, well organized shelves and displays, motifs for each wall.  It was a nice splurge (and worth the calories!).
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/24/2013,38,164,4,9,9>I've always enjoyed Mickey's. They offer comfort food!It was hubby's first day with students - ah the joys of returning to school. I send him off to meet his new adventures with a snickers bar and a promise of something special for supper. Enter stage right "MICKEY'S"!Their counter people are the best and funny! They always smile and chat if they're not too busy, which they usually are, but if they know your face they chat anyway. Once I told one of the cashiers, I think the "boss", that I was a "good wife", told me, "Be a better wife...so kiss your husband more". See they do counseling too, at no extra price. They all seem like characters out of a book - a really good book. :-)The food is always delicious and bountiful...okay and greasy, but it's too be expected, if you want salads and soy and overpriced there's Whole Foods down the street. Mickey's is real food for real people at a great price. There's something iconic about Mickey's - they've stayed the course and haven't submitted to the times - nostalgic.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/23/2013,60,449,5,6,5>High quality dog food. That's what you go here for. Make no mistakes about it, you're going to pay for good stuff. This is not Petco. Now that we've got that cleared up - I am SUPER-Dee-Duper STOKED that this location has finally opened! I've been driving to Arlington Heights for a looong time now, and am thankful that is over. This place is like 3 blocks away! This is a totally do-able lunch errand. I am over the moon happy they picked this spot for their new location!For those of you who aren't familiar, they've got a location in Arlington Heights that was the original, and then they opened a location in Schaumburg, and this is their 3rd location. It's in the little shopping area by Sunset Foods. They've got a nice amount of space to work with. It's organized neatly. The store is bright and fresh and new. And the help was friendly! In additon to the food, they've got some cute little stuff to shop for: leashes, clothes, booties, beds etc - but please note they do not focus on the boutique-shopping, their focus is on food. The've got a very nice selection of healthy dog food - minus all the *crap* and additivies that are hurting our pets. I go here specifically mostly for Stella & Chewies frozen raw food. I also buy kibble. They carry great treats, and also supplements. LOVE the coconut oil i get here.Overall - a GREAT place to shop. Do your doggie a favor and start buying good food. The folks here are usually pretty knowledgeable both on the types of food as well as different brands. 5-stars.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,12/22/2013,56,172,7,8,8>I've heard good things about Q BBQ in La Grange, but I've resisted going there. Being from Kansas City originally, I sort of naturally assumed that seeking quality BBQ in the Chicago area is not worth the trouble. I found Uncle Bub's in Westmont to be uninspiring, and The Patio in Darien did nothing to change my overall opinion.I'm pleased to report that Q BBQ has changed my mind. I ordered the burnt ends plate to go, and when I tried the meat with the hot Texas sauce, I was impressed. Burnt ends are one of the most iconic Kansas City BBQ items, and Q does them quite well. The meat was smoky and moist, and the sauce complemented the taste very well.I was surprised and happy to see that the to-go sauce cups were not pathetically small as you often see in these scenarios. They are a full 4 oz., sufficient to immerse your dish if you choose (I didn't).The fresh cut fries didn't travel well at all, but that's pretty typical. They lacked all crispness by the time I got home. The meat filled me up so much that I didn't feel cheated at all. Besides, my dog is less of a stickler for textural problems than I am. Overall, I was really pleased with Q. I would have no reservations in taking my BBQ-loving friends from Kansas City here to dine. While it may not reach the heights of Oklahoma Joe's, Gates or Jack Stack, it thoroughly trounces places like KC Masterpiece.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/21/2013,105,162,8,13,8>I literally can't stop eating here... I go home and dream about it at night and have to go get my fix ASAP. I've tasted pretty much everything on the menu, stealing nibbles of my friend's meals. The Parmesan herb chips are loco.... I love that I can get them as a side with my meal or in an app with guac. The shrimp wontons are definitely my most favorite item, I could die happy with one of these in my hand. The shrimp is so juicy and meaty. The wonton is crisped to perfection and I love the lemon aioli. I mean love, love like I want to take a bath in it.  I always throw the cabbage bed on top of my shrimp wonton and then am whisked away to heaven while I slowly devour it. I hate sharing this app with friends... But that's ok because I can order the shrimp taco which is basically the same thing with a soft floury envelope instead.My next favorite is the gringo taco. Who even thought of this? A genius. It's a deep fried flour tortilla filled with ground beef, beans, and cheesy goodness. Then it's topped off with crisp cold lettuce and sour cream. It might have tomatoes.. I forgot... It's gone so fast I can't even remember! The fried flour tortilla is a treat, it's still soft but crunchy and it gets this butterygoodness to it. Mmm.The shrimp taco is also a win as I said earlier. I dig the steak and BBQ pork too!  Last time I went I ordered the shrimp quinoa salad. Omg. It was heaven. Warm meaty shrimp in a cool bed of quinoa with tomatoes and cucumbers... The kicker is the sweet barbecue sauce AND the zingy-delicious-heavenly lemon aioli. Omg this is a win for sure!!! I also recommend adding fire it up sauce to anything if you dig that spicy heat!! There is also a noteable craft beer, wine, and soda list! I think that really adds to the charm of this place. Local drinks and grass fed or wild caught meats. Even organic quinoa and rice. What's not to love? Delicious flavor profiles mixed with high quality ingredients finished off with a local beverage. I'm in lovelovelove!!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/20/2013,371,418,3,4,6>GyroChicken noodle soupMack N Cheese bitesMediterranean Chicken Panniniany skillet^^^^^^^ my staple bowling foodI bowl next door to this restaurant on a league every other week. I usually wind up eating at Georges before or during  (or sometimes after - eek!) my league. the food is all good. The gyro and the skillets in particular are fantastic. The staff is fast and kind and keeps the coffees full. it's nice and quiet in there (which can be a nice break from the loud bowling alley) the prices are reasonable.they have a PA system attached to the bowling alley which is super helpful when ordering while bowling (they yell your lane # over the PA system when your order is ready - easy peasy)
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,12/19/2013,742,743,3,6,6>Perfect place to get my 600th review on. Rode our bikes to this fun little shop in Berwyn. Its a beautiful taste of a by-gone era. Its neatly tucked away amongst the caballero boot shops and laundromats of the Berwyn of today but it elicits a nostalgia for "main street USA". Hand made candies, deliciously packaged chocolates, and a staff that genuinely loves the stuff. Very helpful behind the counter and cheerful.Highlights certainly include their dipped pretzels. It would get 5 stars but its a bit pricey, but worth it. It just makes it a more "special occasion" candy store than an everyday stop.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,12/18/2013,87,104,3,8,7>I hate Bloomingdale. Every time I venture out of the food desert in which I reside (waiting anxiously for when my lease is up in May!!), I'm happily surprised at what I discover. Neat is the perfect kind of neighborhood spot that offers great food and a nice selection of wine and craft beer in a setting that somehow manages to meld urban chic with suburban charm.To start, alongside a chalice of Victory Golden Monkey, which, frankly, was just decent and did not at all resemble a true Belgian tripel (not Neat's fault), I enjoyed a French onion soup with hearty nuggets of braised prime rib and a gooey floating raft of Swiss and Muenster. I wanted more green apple in my grilled chicken sandwich with chipotle mayo, but it was still delicious. Next time, I'll ask. I hope there's a next time. The BF loved his Neat Burger with a fried duck egg, and we both devoured our crispy, golden shoestring fries ... we normally can't stand shoestring fries.For some reason, previous reviewers expressed qualms about dressing casually here, but don't worry. All the staff wear shorts or jeans and Neat logo T-shirts, so come as you are. It's more fun when you do, anyway.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,12/17/2013,58,179,9,12,11>I love this store!  We don't cloth diaper because it just doesn't work for us, but I do try to be as eco-friendly / crunchy as possible and Cutie Poops caters to that.  Every time I come in there is something new I have to get.  We have gotten Z a beautiful amber necklace, adorable crocheted flip flops, EWG approved sunscreen, and cloth swim diapers.  They also have a ton of wraps and carriers and will help you try them on.  In addition to all of the natural, baby friendly products, Cutie Poops also has a bunch of great classes. We have attended free Gymboree sample classes and mommy and me yoga.  Both were fabulous.  I look forward to trying the baby signing classes and even the first aid class in the future.   The store really supports parents and even has a nursing / changing room.  I am so happy that they are close by.  The customer service is also fabulous.  When Z's amber necklace broke unexpectedly, they helped me get it replaced right away.  I have been pleased every time I come in and look forward to all of the new products and classes they have coming.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,12/16/2013,36,142,4,15,9>There is finally an option for real BBQ in the area!That's right, Hog Wild may have great "grilled" options, but their BBQ sucks!  I came here based on the numerous 5-star reviews by people that actually have more than one review.  I didn't want to get a brisket sandwich in case their brisket was the pre-packaged garbage variety Hog Wild reheats, so I went with a cheeseburger topped with brisket.  I am pleased to report that the employee verified that they smoke everything on their menu in house!  The sauce is good, probably homemade, but would be better if it had some heat.  The brisket was melt-in-your-mouth tender, juicy, and had a deep smoke ring.  The burger had deep black grill marks and tasted like it was made from fresh beef.  The toppings were fresh and the sides were above average, but nothing special.  As much as I liked the burger, next time I will be getting the brisket sandwich.  The only better brisket is the one that comes off of my smoker, and since I don't do that too often, I'll be back.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,12/15/2013,70,137,6,6,6>OH. MY. GOD! Although it was one of the most expensive meals I've been a part of, it was so entirely worth it. We got seated super fast on a Friday night. Bonus points. I've eaten a lot of chips and salsa in my life and theirs was wonderful! The only place that beats them on that is Maya Del Sol. But their cocktails? Fricking genius. I got pretty toasty off ONE frozen margarita. Also sipped some of the other drinks at our table - pomegranate margarita and a mojito - amazing. Chef Paco came right out to our table and explained the specials to us in fantastic dramatic detail. In fact, his performance convinced us to get the special guacamole (with fruit!), the grilled tilapia special and the steamed shredded flank steak special. Both dishes were fantastic. Such a bold combination of flavors! The steak was paired with mashed sweet potatoes, a combination that just sang in my mouth. The other two dishes ordered were the chicken tacos and pumpkin seed mole with chicken. WOW. That mole was so good. I will definitely be going back to try more mole. I didn't try the tacos, but they looked beautiful and went fast. A couple of complementary things were brought to our table as well. One was a little dish with four bites of fried dough with some mole, queso fresco and sour cream on top, and the other was a generous scoop of homemade chocolate jalapeño ice cream. HOLY MOTHER. That ice cream was the most wonderful flavor! Smooth, creamy and spicy enough to feel a slight burn on your tongue. I had a bit even though I'm allergic to dairy. I wish I could have eaten a gallon of that stuff. Great food, personal attention from the chef for every table and an experience worth every penny. Hands down, this is the best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. You want to go to there.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,12/14/2013,104,319,4,8,4>My PIC and I came here last night for a relatively early dinner.  We arrived at approximately 6:30 and although the restaurant was bustling, we were seated promptly.  The place was pretty filled up, with the exception of two or three other small tables.  I do not see this as being a comfortable place for someone that is tall or large in stature in anyway.  I'm only 5'4 and felt like a giant hovering over the small table.  I also don't think it's really a great option for children either, given their need to roam and the cramped quarters.  However, I am young, spry and childless so none of these things bothered me.  The service was great-- as I mentioned previously, we were seated promptly and treated kindly from that point on.  Our waiter did a good job of explaining the dishes and making suggestions and was very attentive.  The busser was quick to refill water and take plates away.  One slightly strange thing that happened during our visit was that two glasses were dropped and broken.  It didn't appear that the staff was inexperienced, but perhaps some of the small tables lend to these types of accidents happening.  Everything is served tapas style, but my friend and I ordered two of the el elotito because after all, we are friends and we don't want to fight over corn.  The el elotito was quite good, the flavors were sharp and ratios were perfect with not too much chile or cheese.  I did think the corn was a tad on the dry side but overall I'd say it's a solid choice and would order again.  I hate to make the obvious comparison to Bien Trucha, but the dish is quite similar, being that it is a traditional dish and in my opinion, Bien's is slightly better.  We also split the a la espinaca, which was a delicious spinach salad with grilled pears and caramelized almonds.  The star of the salad would have to be the altiro vinaigrette, it was light, refreshing and delicious.  The balance of dressing was perfect, it was evenly coated without being saturated and provided a slightly sour kick.  We also ordered the el atun which was fantastic.  The pieces of tuna were plump and cooked to perfection.  A small spread of avocado cream cheese complimented the fish well, and both were atop small and crispy tortillas.  Lastly, we ordered the guacamole which was very good-- we had the mango.  It could have been slightly spicier or complex in some manner but I love guacamole and can appreciate the infusion of fruit to add a twist to a Mexican classic.  Of course I rarely go to a restaurant and don't have a cocktail, especially when it's a place I've never been that boasts fresh ingredients.  It really makes such a huge difference.  I started out with the ala sangrona (strawberry margarita), which was good, not terribly strong and had a generous amount of muddled strawberries in it.  The drink was good, but I was slightly underwhelmed, as fresh margaritas are offered at several local establishments.  This one was good, and a solid option, but I wasn't blown away.  I then tried the al melon, a watermelon martini with jalapeno infused vodka, and let me tell you, I will be having dreams about this cocktail.  Amazing.  The rim was generously dusted with a sour and sweet mixture of sugar and spices, the drink was light but packed tremendous flavor.  It really is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and I will return for the al melon alone.  My friend and I briefly spoke with the owner, who mentioned they will expand the drink menu, so I am excited to see what they come up with next.  A version of the al melon with pineapple would also be an incredible choice, given that they continue to use fresh, quality ingredients.  My experience at Altiro was wonderful, and I did not feel rushed or cramped as I often have at other comparable Mexican restaurants in the area.  The service was spot on, and the food was excellent.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,12/13/2013,66,120,4,7,5>Wildberry is packed anytime you go on a weekend (and often during the week as well), for good reason. With a huge selection of fresh and refreshing breakfast and lunch options, plus a spacious, warmly modern interior, and a coffee and smoothie bar, this is the place to be.Definitely a fan, anytime a friend suggests meeting for breakfast, this is where I suggest!This last go, I tried the Espanola omelette. Huge omelette filled with chorizo, jalapeños, chihuahua cheese, mushrooms, onions, and cilantro, with salsa on the side, this was definitely an amazing choice. I just wish I had more room to finish it ;) The hash browns are better than any I've had - seems likely they are actually made in house. Add two big fluffy pancakes to that, and I could've rolled out of the place! The fresh squeezed OJ was amazing as well. In the past, I've had oatmeal with berries and nuts (the specific menu item was seasonal, but they have tons of oatmeals all the time), it was great, hot with lots of toppings. Totally filling and delicious.My dining companions today had the Fresco omelette, biscuits and gravy, and a 2-eggs meal, and all said they enjoyed their meals as well.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,12/12/2013,45,72,6,6,5>To Pho knows what they are doing and they do it well.The Good;Good food at good prices - I mean McD's pricesLightening fast food - The cooks are amazing!When you order tea you get a pot of teaDecent veggie options including;-Spring rolls (veggie)-Ma Po Tofu - So much food-Tofu Sandwich - $4 and amazing!-Smoothies! Avocado smoothies!-Thai iced tea done right.Smokey "hot" sauce - It brings the flavor but not much spiceGreat serviceThe (sorta) Bad;There is a "veggie (no meat)" pho dish but it is made with chicken broth :(There is not enough veggie options to keep trying new dishes.The Home Tofu was just okay - at least for my tastes.There are so many good things on the list and so few bad but the only thing keeping if from a 5-Star review is the veggie pho...maybe someday they will have a all veggie pho option.  Until then To Pho keeps me coming back with the classics, even though I order the same thing every time the food is great so I will be back again and again.  Watch out ANH - To Pho is giving you a run for your money!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/11/2013,68,127,4,9,6>I think we've found our new Monday Night Football hang out!  This place is great, and they have a loyalty program.  You pay $15 up front and you get a pint glass and a membership card.  From that point on you received 1 point for every dollar you spend (the $15 membership is included in our points too!)They do not serve food at the Beer House but there are tons of great options to order from area that you can pick up and bring in, including a Noodles & Co., Flattop, Brio, and a lot more.  The staff was super nice and helpful, given they have about 60 beers on tap.We'll definitely be coming back!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,12/10/2013,63,74,9,8,8>So glad ma Yelper homies turned me on this this place! (What's with my reviews today and my slangish impulses?) I as I write this, there are 5 delicious Pie Boss pies cooling in my kitchen (3 spinach and feta and 2 spicy lamb, baked from frozen in 1 quick hour). You can cook them up in less time, but I like my Pie Boss like I like ma ladies..."brown, hot, savory and flaky. OK, bad metaphor. Especially since my wife is white as the driven snow and burns thinking about the sun.But now I'm eating a spicy lamp pie, and the degree of umami-ness, lean lamb and savory spicy gravy is tear-inducing. And there are only three things that can make me weep like this...schmaltzy TV, great food or great lovin (note that lack of "g" makes all the difference). Too much? Oversharing? Dang, but you know I'm feeling this, homeslice!  But I digress.Since we live no where near Pie Boss or Aurora, when I'm in the Route 59 Naper-Aura (or AuroraVille?) area visiting my in-laws, we drive over to stock up on frozen pies and beef pasties. And let me tell you, they bake up really really well. Rising high and fluffy in ma oven. Like pies should. I daresay, they even appear to rise higher at home than I see in the display case at PB! Could be an optical illusion through. I'll take a picture so you can compare.Earlier this week I baked up a couple spinach and fetas (which us cool folks in the know refer to as "SF" (after the handy dough initials they place on top of each pie), as well as a couple beef pasties. And we loved them all. Note: There's nothing like a savory beef pasty at midnight, after watching "The Bridge" "Ray Donovan" and "Hell on Wheels" back to back Try it. You'll never go back to normal TV watching / Pie eating again!Anyway, engineering a way to bring a fresh pie to work  for lunch was a bit of, well, engineering...but well worth it.1. 7:00 am, wake, grumble, stagger, pull frozen pie from freezer, and bake at 350 while getting ready for work. No, I don't bother with pre-heating (that's for nerds and people who have patience or an attention span).2. In 1 hour, remove from oven with kitchen towel, cradling the bottom.3. Refrain from eating spicy lamp immediately. This is the hardest part.4. Place in lunch bag, still in kitchen towel, with the top uncovered to avoid soggification (that's a thing).5. 10:30 am. Make cubicle mates jealous as the scent wafts across your pens, and you dig in while at your desk, because you can't wait for lunch.6. Repeat for the next 4 days, with spinach and feta and beef pasties, feeling special and rewarded by the universe. Because you better take advantage of your first world privileges buddy! You're living at the height of debaucherous New Rome before the fall! It's your duty to live it up, while the rest of humanity suffers! You are of this time and this moment! Live! Now! But I digress...Go. Eat Pie Boss pies any way you can get them.Enrich your existence. Note: The beef pasty is shaped like a football, unlike the rest of them, which are shaped like pies. So the beef pasty doesn't need letters. So quit harassing me!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,12/9/2013,160,353,4,5,5>We went on a Wednesday night at around 7pm.  Didn't realize the Cubs and the White Sox were both playing, and the Village Tavern had a "All you can eat fried fish" special.  It was packed.  We were told it would be at least a 40 minute wait.  We were not in a hurry, it was nice outside, so we sat on a bench outside of their entrance and waited.My son arrived first and put our name in. I was very impressed - they don't use beepers, they text you every 10 minutes or so with an update and when your table is ready.  Wow. Technology is great.  And, they called us after only about 10 minutes rather than the 40 they originally said.The server was pleasant, but clearly had too much on her plate. (No pun intended.)  I think she simply had too many  table to give everyone the attention they needed. I don't fault her - she was very attentive when she was at the table. In addition, she was training someone which I'm sure took some of her time.They have an extensive menu - lots of options.  I chose to have their Cuban sandwich and fries.  No alcohol that night even though we were at a bar - Coke for me.  There are TV sets everywhere. Most of them had one of the baseball games on, but I know I saw at least one with golf, hockey and a few other sports.  So, if you want to go to a hometown, local place where you can watch a game and have some home cooked food, this is the place.The Cuban sandwich was good. I would say that it was outstanding but the bread was lacking - it was simply not as good as true a Cuban sandwich. The innards of the sandwich were another story.  They were fantastic.  Probably among the best I've ever had.  So, the bread hurt the overall score.But, a wise person (not me) wrote in a recent review for another restaurant something like  "if you want Indian food, don't go to an Italian restaurant".  Makes sense to me.  I went to a greek diner and order Cuban food.  In retrospect, it was probably better than I might have expected.Village Tavern and Grill is a great local place.  Stay away from busy hours - all you can eat nights, and it can be a wonderful experience.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/8/2013,31,287,2,7,4>Wow, this is a first. A posh interior and piano music playing from the speakers for a sushi restaurant. Sake Sushi and Grill is probably one of the most fashionable additions to Schaumburg. I felt like I was underdressed and should have worn a sport coat. Rather than asking me to leave since I was in shorts, I was given a warm welcome from the manager. Expecting the menu to be overly expensive, I was shocked to see the lunch special that includes 3 maki rolls, soup, and salad for only $11.95. We ordered the sweet potato roll, spider roll, spicy tuna, fire dragon, and tempura udon. The maki rolls were prepared well from the temperature of the fish to the texture of the rice - bonus points for the right ratio of rice, creativity, and presentation. Service was great too and the manager even came by for follow up. If you are used to eating sushi in the city, then you'll be used to seeing $5-7 for basic rolls and $12-17 for larger fancier rolls. Even if you are not a fan of sushi, there are plenty of other items to choose from like pad thai, Mongolian beef, and fried rice. Sake Sushi, upscale sushi without the heavy cost. Stay classy, Schaumburg.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,12/7/2013,158,280,5,10,6>How can I give this place anything less than a perfect score? The workouts have transformed my body and the community has boosted my confidence.I've worked out here for 10 months. When I started, I had just finished my first marathon and thought I was in pretty good shape. But, all that running really battered my body over time.  I could run, sure, but I couldn't do a proper push up, my squats sucked and my core strength was nonexistant. I was struggling with lingering injuries and had a generally soft physique.Now, my body is completely different.  I'm stronger, I'm leaner and I'm faster. Despite running less, I'm running faster.  I started with the foundations program to get down all the lingo and form, then moved into the twice weekly endurance workouts. These are designed to enhance your athletic performance elsewhere, which is exactly what I wanted. All summer, I faithfully got up at 5:15 a.m. to take the 6 a.m. class.And faithfully, my body has responded in kind.  I recently completed my first half Ironman triathlon (1.2-mile swim, 56-mile bike and 13.1-mile run) and felt fantastic. I was ready to work out again the next day and am regularly more sore after a CrossFit workout than I was after traveling 70.3 miles under my own power in one day.If you're thinking about trying it, just do it. Everyone can do CrossFit - everything can be scaled. The 11 a.m. Saturday workout is free, so check it out.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,12/6/2013,239,635,10,15,12>YUM, won my heart and palate.We stopped in on a very busy Sunday afternoon and the heavenly BBQ scent wafting all the way to the parking lot had my mouth watering before reaching the door.I had the beef brisket plate.  The meat was soooooooooooooooooooooo tender I did not require a knife.  It comes with the North Carolina Vinegar Sauce and I added some Memphis Sweet sauce ~ mouth-watering.  There are also 2 other choices of BBQ sauces available on the table for your dining pleasure.  All the sides we had were, also, very tasty.  They included salad, baked beans, Q-slaw, and the Q-pups.  Needless to say, we cleaned our plates and were totally full.  We even purchased 2 of the sauces to bring home.It is a small place and I can imagine it gets very crowed at peak times.  You order at the register, are given a number, you find a table, and they bring the food to you.If only the windows opened, that would make this absolutely perfect, since there is no outdoor seating.I will return and try some other offering.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/5/2013,79,174,19,9,8>Reaaaaaaally wish I hadn't discovered this place like, 7 weeks before our wedding. Ugh. It's TOO good.So the fiancé and I were in downtown Naperville at Two Bostons, buying delightful overpriced treats for the pooches, when he decided he wanted 5 Guys for dinner. Eh. I don't love 5 Guys. So I walked the other way down Chicago, thinking I'd find something edible. I stopped in front of Cookie Dough Creations and thought to myself "hey, that sounds amazing. Who CARES if you're not supposed to eat raw cookie dough?! And who cares if you're definitely not supposed to eat it for dinner?! I'm 29 years old dammit and I'll have cookie dough for dinner if I damn well please!" I marched in, resolute in my decision to slip into a diabetic coma.This place smells exactly like every single ice cream shop you ever went into as a kid. And it looks like it, too. There was a line when I came in, so it was difficult to view all of the options they have. Luckily, I saw two little words that made it unnecessary to see all of my options: FAT ELVIS.Ahhhh yes, rich banana ice cream swirled with enormous gobs of peanut butter and a crisp chocolate ribbon of goodness. I don't care if the next tub over was full of twenty dollar bills, I chose the right flavor. I thought the fiancé would wind up splitting this with me, and we both have a mega sweet tooth, so I ordered a large. WHOA ARE THE PORTIONS GINORMOUS. The poor girl must have put four giant scoops into the cauldron-sized cup I ordered. I felt a little silly. And then came those magical words: "and what type of cookie dough?"YES FRIENDS, THERE IS RAW COOKIE DOUGH. But hey, take those leather chaps off - it's not THAT rebellious. It's safe to eat because they don't use raw egg. Wait, wait. Put those chaps back on. This is a g-rated review.  They have about 10 types of raw cookie dough, each one sounding more delicious than the last. I decided because I'd gone so zany with the ice cream flavor, I'd keep it classic and went with chocolate chip cookie dough. She scoops two GINORMOUS balls of raw cookie dough onto the top of my mountain of ice cream, and hands me the whole concoction. It weighed about three tons and cost me SEVEN bucks, which is admittedly insane, but how many places in Naperville offer me raw cookie dough?! Exactly. If they'd knock a dollar or so off the price, this place would be 5-star, but that's okay - maybe the expense will keep me safely out of gorging range.It took us two spoons and SERIOUSLY at least a half an hour to tackle that mountain o' goodness, but oh man was it worth it. SO worth it. I'd go back tomorrow. I'd go back every day.i mean for as long as my body would fit through their front door.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,12/4/2013,74,97,5,6,6>I used to work in Oak Brook and would come down to CBW a few times to see if I could catch it open. They never were and I should have called ahead. Fast forward a few years and I am working in La Grange. I finally called ahead, and they were open. The planets were aligned.  The burger pro on the phone wanted to take my order and after going over the menu for 30 mins prior to my phone call I decided on the Smokey Gucamole burger.This place just oozes blue collar pulling up to it. I beat the lunch rush and I am able to grab a seat inside.The burger pro puts this mound of beef, guaca goodness, and bacon on a paper plate, and with a half order of golden brown fries. Don't forget that a RC Cola goes well with this.I put some nice green habanero hot sauce on this puppy, and I was sold. Burger just has the right amount of spices and seared well. I wanted to hug the man who made this.You won't find a burger place like this that will give you a meal for around $10. The other burger places will charge $10 just for the burger. I feel just the right amount of fullness. My wallet is happy and my mouth. I can finish the rest of my work day satisfied.I am coming for you next GRAVY FRIES BROTHAAA!!!!!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/3/2013,83,281,3,7,5>First word. Three letters.Rhymes with...mum...YUM!I had a tough task ahead of me. Find a location that was interesting to me (as a birthday dinner), had vegetarian options (for my mom), was kid friendly (for my 2 year old), and had gluten-free options (for my wife). Well, hot damn, this place had it all!The food was clever and different. The beers were generally delicious. Sure, we were tucked in the back with the other families but I didn't mind. We had plenty of room and a fairly attentive waitress. Everything tasted fresh and the growler of Hop Slayer I took home made the weekend that much tastier. I'd gladly go back. There are plenty of other beers and menu items I'd love to try.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,12/2/2013,168,718,4,7,6>I love this bakery.  I have loved this bakery since I was 12, and we first moved into the area.  I have loved these foods since my sister worked here 14 years ago, and would bring us home delicious goodies from the shelves.The inside isn't big--but then again, it doesn't need to be.  It's a carry-out only establishment, and there's no room to sit down inside anywhere and eat your delicious goodies.  I have been in the bakery about 100 times.  This morning, there were a bunch of teenage girls running the front counter.  They were fast, efficient, and tired, it seemed like.  None of them smiled, but it's cool.  I got my delicious goodies!Their donuts are soooooooooooooo good!  We got a few different kinds (chocolate cake, raised, braided, and powdered) and every single one of them is melt-in-your-mouth fantastic.  The blueberry muffin was really fresh and had a plethora of blueberries.  It wasn't dried out or anything like some muffins can get.The cookies the kids got were really good too.  Well, I assume they were since they devoured them in record time!My total for two huge cookies, 1/2 dozen donuts and a blueberry muffin was around $15.  So not the cheapest around, but it definitely worth the "dough" (see what I did there?!)I can't wait to revisit again so I can relive my childhood over and over!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,12/1/2013,10,43,5,9,3>I'll be honest, we were avoiding this place out of sheer principal (we thought nothing with Yummy in the name can be such), but after hearing a ringing endorsement from our local hairdresser (who better to trust with food than your hairdresser?) we figured we'd stop in for appetizers to see how it was. HOLY COW it was amazing and beautiful and friendly and fast and everything I could ever want! First, they completely remodeled, making the interior chic-er than anything I've ever seen in the 60021. Second, the sushi was some of the freshest I've ever had in land-locked IL. I didn't see a heli-pad on the roof, but I can't figure out how else they're getting such awesomely fresh tuna and salmon. No fishy aftertaste whatsoever. Third, they were SUPER accommodating and friendly when it came to my gluten-free requests. It's already embarrassing and difficult enough to deal with a food allergy, so when a place makes you feel like you're imposing by making special requests, it can really ruin a night out. Yummy jumped on my first question about a particular sauce, and immediately suggested several gluten-free options, and ultimately customized a dish for me. I ended up with the veggie, GF, pineapple fried rice, and it was delicious (never would have imagined fried rice with raisins, but now I doubt I'll happily eat it any other way). I simply can't wait for my husband to work late one night soon so I can get a whole carton of take-out for myself. I think it will pair divinely with bad Netflix B movies. BUT, that's not to say I didn't enjoy eating it in the comfortable, beautifully remodeled restaurant. My husband got General Tao's chicken and he inhaled it. It smelled fantastic and I know he's also looking forward to a repeat performance soon. My only complaint is with this place now being open, and so close to Dominick's, I may never go grocery shopping or cook anything ever again... it's so much easier, and tastier, to just pick up, or stop in, at Yummy!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/30/2013,118,202,6,8,5>Oh man!  The scallops in garlic sauce themselves would be enough to keep me coming back for more.  I was expecting garlic butter covering some scallops with a heaping off veggies, but what I got was a heaping of scallops and tasty mushrooms in a unfamiliar but very tasty sauce that carried a garlic flavor!The SO and I also tried the beef and beans (I can't remember the exact dish name) that almost tasted a little like dan-dan, but were simple and very tasty.The meal came with a nice helping of well-cooked white rice and plenty of food, hot tea, and water.  The food was prepared very quickly and pretty close together - though in 2 separate trips.The bill and prices are all reasonable and the restaurant was clean (despite a few non-obtrusive but un-bussed tables - see the next comment).  Definitely a place I have no problem dropping in to.I can't complain per-say, but I did feel a bit bad for the one waitress (/owner I'd guess).  She was working super hard to take care of the register, phone orders, 2 large family tables, 2 smaller tables, and our pair.  Basic things took a little longer because of that, but she was very helpful, and we never had to ask twice for anything.  This could be because it was late on a Sunday night, but I might think about calling your order in if you are in a rush.No matter what though... GREAT food and I will be back!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/29/2013,261,335,5,7,12>Well, I will just step right up on the band wagon with the rest of my Yelp friends (and I am in good company) because this little throw back movie house is a true gem.From the marquee outside, to the girl selling tickets in an actual ticket booth, to the old fashioned containers for popcorn, to the velvet seats housed in a jumbo movie theater this blast from the past is clean, fun, and utterly charming.Glance at the filigree walls, the framed stage, and you will expect to see the Phantom of the Opera. The chandeliers from the entry way on in are quite lovely and the guys selling popcorn are all dolls. These are just some of the very special nuances that have all but been forgotten these days. But what will totally steal your heart is the unbelievably gifted guy knocking himself out on this huge organ prior to the start of the show. And there is no lacking in applause for him either. What is his super sweet finish, you might ask? A rousing rendition of Hooray for Hollywood, and with that the organ lowers and he vanishes from sight!Not only will you enjoy the film, you will get what you paid for, and be thoroughly entertained in the process. As you leave the theatre, you are offered complimentary mints and are thanked for your patronage.After it's all over you may find yourself blinking as to what just happened here, but I guarantee you will be back.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/28/2013,270,833,5,12,4>When you first walk in, you will realize this is not your typical sushi bar. It's more modern, looks more like a bar than a sushi place. Besides their...weird music selection, I was impressed! I'm not sure what the bar scene is like here later on, but the restaurant was nice.Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating. On weeknights, they have an amazing $12.99 deal where you get soup and a half salad, 2 sushi rolls, and 3 nigiri. You don't leave hungry!! So much food for so little money! We each got a drink as well that was very tasty, and Yelp had a check-in deal for a free appetizer (chef's choice) that we used as well. Everything tasted great, was fresh, and was served quickly. I was impressed! They have a fruit roll as well (I don't think I've seen that anywhere else), and that was good! Definitely worth trying.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,11/27/2013,304,479,5,4,5>I will admit: I went into TopGolf with mixed emotions.  Firstly, I hadn't eaten yet, and was a little crabby/hangry, which I'm sure my counterpart did not appreciate.  Second, I hadn't swung a golf club in *at least* 13 years, and never really thought I was that good back when I played on a regular basis (on the golf team, in high school.)  The BF assured me that we would have fun, so, I put on a smile, and super dusty golf clubs in hand, figured it was worth a shot.When we arrived (just before noon on a Sunday) we were told it was about a 45 minute wait, so we put our name in and went to the bar to get something to eat/drink.  I was probably way too happy to see the build your own bloody mary bar as we approached.  We were greeted/served promptly, including said build your own bloody bar, which had everything you could ever want (carrots, celery, horseradish, bacon, cheese, olives, pepperoncini, and about 20 different hot sauces.)  I ordered the eggs benedict off of the brunch menu, with sweet potato fries instead of the breakfast potatoes (I couldn't decide what I wanted, mmkay?)The benedict was really good.  I mean, REALLY REALLY good.  No skimping on hollendaise here, and the eggs were perfectly poached.  I was in eggy fat-kid heaven.  There was also no skimping on the bloody - with your choice of three vodkas, I'm fairly certain this might have been a free-pour, with a souvenir mason jar glass to take home!On to the golfing.  Free club rentals, which I will keep in mind for next time, instead of hauling mine around.  Fun games to play rather than just using the driving range (I beat the BF in points on every game... maybe I'm better than I thought?!)  Bar service on the "range," 2 thumbs up.  Giant industrial  heaters, even better!We "golfed" for a solid few hours, with no pressure to give up our "stall" for other patrons.  We also left with extra dollars toward more golf in the future!I definitely see a return trip to TopGolf happening soon!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,11/26/2013,72,114,7,7,7>Pregnancy is a screwy thing. I've been craving Sauerkraut like mad, even though I rarely eat it, and I had never even bought it before, just gotten it at restaurants. But suddenly I was on a mission to make some Kielbasa and Sauerkraut.Except i didn't know where the hell to buy any, or what the hell to do with it. Yelp luckily led me to Village Market Place, and a polish friend of mine gave me some tips of how to cook it, even though he's generally distrustful of short irish people. I don't know if it's a height thing, or he just assumes we're all leprechauns, but I felt fully prepared on my excursion to Village Market.Produce selection is awesome, and prices are great. We also picked up some killer guacamole and salsa from the deli counter, that lasted a whole 30 seconds in our house, as the little monster loved them too. Blue cheese olives from the deli were also really good, but i didn't share those, because i'm a jerk. The place is clean, which is definitely a plus, but what was really cool is that the people that work there are really, really nice. Which was confusing and surprising. How did they find that many nice and helpful people? It was also way less packed than Caputo's, which always turns shopping trips into shopping cart jousting matches.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,11/24/2013,14,102,5,10,6>I finally visited Brandt's after they reopened with a slightly different name (Brandt's of Palatine instead of Brandt's Little Cafe).  Upon entering, I noticed that there was very little change from the last time I was here, which is good because I loved the character of the little cafe.  The downstairs area looks like it was the most renovated, now there's a TV & a few high top tables with stools compared to what appeared to be maybe a total of 2 tables before.  They used to have a small illuminated board with a few menu items, now they have a regular menu which has a lot more choices than before which was a much needed change.  Their burgers haven't changed which is phenomenal, but now they give you some choices to go along with your burger.  Each one comes with 2 sides, you can choose from fries, chips, sweet potato fries, cole slaw. mac & cheese, veggies & maybe 1 or 2 other things.  You can also pick which kind of bun you want, I opted for the pretzel but found that it was tougher to bite through than your typical buttered bun.  The fact that they added a whole appetizer section to their menu makes me want to stop in, have a few drinks at the bar/downstairs & order some appetizers instead of a full blown meal like I've been accustomed to.  Make sure to check out the historical significance of the building when you're reading the menu, it's a trip to picture this place back in the prohibition days!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,11/23/2013,25,58,7,10,4>As a regular at Standard Market Cafe across the street (also owned by the same people), we finally decided to try the restaurant.  It started out rocky but things got better towards the end.Wednesday night is date night for me and the hubs.  Not because it's "hump day" you pervs, but because the rugrat is over at School of Rock in Hinsdale rocking his little butt off for 2.5 hours so what else are we going to do?  Knowing this, I made a reservation that morning for 6:45 at Bakersfield.When we arrived, on time, the hostess promptly told us it would be 5-10 minutes while they waited for a table to open.  Maybe I'm old school on this issue, but if I make a reservation for 6:45, that means you know my ass is coming and you plan appropriately so that I don't have to wait for a table when I arrive.  I wasn't early.  I wasn't late.  Kinda the point of a reservation, no?So, right off, I'm not all that thrilled.  Looking around, the place is impeccably designed and certainly a higher-end experience than across the street.  I was wearing jeans and a sweater and felt a bit under dressed but nobody seemed to care.  After a little over 5 minutes and watching others being seated, we were taken to our table where we got to listen to a pompous wine snob chatting up some big shot at the restaurant.  Maybe one of the owners?  Why was I eavesdropping, you may ask?  Because it took over 10 minutes for a server, or for anyone to even recognize that we existed.  Eventually a waitress came over and asked if we had been helped.  Clearly it wasn't meant to be her table, but she took us anyway.  At this point, things improved dramatically, if not excessively.The waitress apologized a couple of times, then a manager came over and apologized profusely and said they would "take care of us".  I wasn't sure what that meant.  I ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio, hubby stuck with his ever exciting water.  No apps for us as we were planning on having dessert.  I ordered the Four Farmers Salad with grilled chicken, goat cheese, avocado, candied hazelnuts, champagne vinaigrette and dates.  Hubby had the Five-Spice-Rubbed Rotisserie Chicken with demi-glace, wild rice salad.My salad was fan-freaking-tastic.  Honestly, the best salad I've ever had.  And it's a damn salad!  It's boring by definition.  Not this one.  It was simply amazing.  The dressing was perfect and not overly done.  Hubs seemed to enjoy his meal but I didn't try it.  The wild rice salad was a cold salad and did not look at all appetizing but he loved it.At one point, the waitress let us know that because of the initial waitstaff debacle, that they would be covering my wine and our dessert.  Woot!  Yep, that pretty much made it all better.  We decided to order the vanilla-soaked brioche with caramelized apple special.  Unfortunately, they brought us the fried Oreos.  To the waitress' credit, we had been discussing the Oreo dessert with her, so I think she just heard that, but still.  Pay attention.  I didn't want to make a stink and have to deal with them apologizing over and over so we just ate it.  Yes, we suffered through the most deliciously decadent dessert ever made.  And FYI, this thing is HUGE.  Don't even think about ordering one without sharing.All in all it was a good place.  The prices are reasonable for the quality of food you are getting and the restaurant itself is beautiful. And try to sit in the rear of the place.  It's much quieter and you get to see their gorgeous little wine room.I will gladly accept my reward for longest review ever...(edited to fix some typos and grammatical errors)
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/22/2013,317,838,7,11,9>Dolce is a little gem hidden in an unassuming strip mall at the corner of Lake Cook and Arlington Heights Road.  My family had been dying to try this place out.  And who was I to say no to fresh homemade Italian food at a BYOB caffe?!  So I obliged.This place was so much more than I expected.  The owner is such a doll!I ordered the spinach and cheese stuffed gnocchi with a pesto sauce and it was out of this world good!  I find myself drooling right now just thinking of it!I cannot wait to go back and try out some other items on the menu or to even pick up a few Italian cookies!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,11/21/2013,359,353,6,8,8>I've had a couple crappy German restaurant experiences lately so the bf decided it was time to put an end to this downward trend and take me to a place that had awesome German food. ((Actually, I think he really wanted to attend a special night where Solemn Oath was going to be on tap - but hey, I don't complain when he wants to take me out))My first observation is that parking is an absolute disaster. The lot is super tiny which forces people to park on the streets. We parked nearly 2-3 blocks away (which is a lot for the 'burbs), but I had no complaints. I needed more than that in exercise after the fat kid dinner I consumed...On to the grub. I'm starting to learn that I just don't love German food like I use to. It tends to be super heavy on meat, carbs, and fats - which is everything my body hates. With that being said, Bavarian Lodge is definitely one of the best German restaurants in the Chicagoland area. We started with an order of Bavarian pretzels. They put every other Bavarian pretzel I've had to shame. Get them. Devour them. Love them. We also got a cup of the vegetarian spaetzle and cheddar ale soups. Both delish. For dinner we decided to split a 3 item combination platter. ((Major points for offering combo plates!!)) We went with the housemade veggie schnitzel, a knackwurst,  and a wiener schnitzel. My favorite was the veggie schnitzel. I've had many types of veggie patties and this one was by far the best I've ever had. It reminded me somewhat of an egg roll ((I'm assuming due to the cabbage in it)). Ridiculously good. For our sides we had a bowl of spaetzle (which were perfect), some forgettable creamed spinach, and a bowl of kraut which the bf loves and I don't even want on my side of the table. We wrapped up dinner with a order of kolachky which were hands down the best I've had.Service was okay. Nothing spectacular. Prompt, and courteous - which is more than I can say for many places. The atmosphere and decor is straight out of a German lodge. (obvi). Beer steins, clocks, and German trinkets line the wood-paneled walls. There's 1.5 million (at least) beers on tap, and the sound and aroma of Germany fill the air. Overall - Solid 4 stars. For good German food, Bavarian Lodge is the only place for me.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,11/20/2013,344,146,12,11,7>"I think I'll go for a walk outside nowThe summer sun's callin' my name.I just can't stay inside all dayI gotta get out, get me some of those rays...Everybody's smilin'Sunshine day!Everybody seems so happy todayIt's a sunshine day!"youtube.com/watch?v=s5GZ…La la la, la de da...  Walking into Pastry Hippo (located inside of Mitsuwa) makes me wanna sing a corny Brady Bunch jingle out loud, walking with a pep in my step so that my hair will sway back and forth like Jan Brady, and everyone joins along in unison.  What?  You've never experienced that?  Well then, you need to get your booty over to Pastry House Hippo ASAP!When I was a little one (which unfortunately is no longer the case), my mom use to bring me home smiley face pastries, named Anpanman, filled with a sweet red bean paste.  I was hooked.  What kid wouldn't like to eat a pastry face filled with nearly anything?  If your child wouldn't...maybe something is wrong, or you haven't treated them to Pastry House Hippo yet.  Aside for Anpanman, they also have Kame (turtle), Kani (crab), and cute panda faces all filled with a coco cream.  Yes, it is way more fun to eat pastries shaped as characters.  There are over 50 different types of pastries at this little bakery and as I've grown older (and larger) I've grown to love many others such as the pear pasty and the coffee & cream pastry.  The potato donut has a creamy potato center with a crispy crust that goes perfectly together.  Don't get me wrong, those turtles and faces are still going home with me, too!  I must give in to my inner child.In addition to pastries, they also have sandwiches ready made to grab in their refrigerated section.  They have hot dog buns filled with yakisoba noodles or potato croquettes.  If you're not feeling like living on the Asian side, they do have a regular hot dog nestled with fresh baked bread and lightly drizzled with a ketchup type sauce.  When I make it over there early enough to grab a few pastries for a weekend breakfast, I also grab some of the ham and cheese rolls to reheat once home with some eggs.Speaking of breakfast, Pastry House Hippo is baking up delicious bread all day long.  If you're not buying your bread here, then you are clearly missing out.  They offer many types, but one worth making a trip for is the extra thick slice.  The extra thick slice is the perfect bread for French Toast!  I love me some steamed buns, as well, and Pastry House Hippo has them!  The only negative is that they only serve them during the winter season (which luckily for my steamed bun cravings alone does last a long time), but a girl wants some buns in the summertime, too!!  Sad coco cream panda face.Pastry House Hippo is also the perfect spot to pick up a dessert for someone's birthday.  Cupcakes, donuts, and cookies can get old.  You can grab any of the pastries, but they also have desserts like green tea cake, mousse, and banana omelets.  You can't help but be in a good mood when eating any of Pastry House Hippo's tasty creations.  I'd like to see you try.  Go on, I dare ya!  In fact, I double yakisoba hot dog dare ya!hippobakery.com
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,11/19/2013,646,300,14,12,11>Every morning and breakfast encounter should have a rhyme like this youtube.com/watch?v=2Pzy…The Glen Prairie has done it again. The culinary genius of Chef Danny managed to breed what I call a breakfast pizza. Take a few parts Nueske's smoked bacon then crack 3 eggs over some fresh mozzarella cheese. Then add a touch of maple gastrique for that caramelized sugar twist. All of this on a hand made flatbread. Oh hot damn, you will kung-fu kick your mama at first bite!Break the yolk and shovel the runny goodness like it owes you rent. Crunchy and crispy and holy v*gina batman we have a party! This bacon and egg pizza will win your tastebuds over and then some.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,11/18/2013,172,185,7,9,7>I love desserts, sweets, frosting, sprinkles, sugar --- you get the picture. Since Cupcake places seem to be popping everywhere, I was especially glad that we had one in our back yard (ie. Wauconda).   From the minute you walk into Stacie Cakes, you see a well designed, bright, cute decor.   The counter displays the daily cupcakes and the glass case displays more desserts.    It was hard for me to decide which cupcake to choose, then I picked the Red Velvet cupcake.   The velvet cup cake was really good & their cream cheese was really creamy.  They also have a Vanilla Butter Cream cupcake which is amazing!!  The cupcake part is so moist and the frosting is to die for.    Of course I like having a cup of hot tea with my desserts so I ordered Earl Grey.    But the tea wasn't my favorite.  The Earl grey at Sugar Buzz was better. I did like sitting in Stacie's dining area & just looking around & seeing families enjoy desserts together.   How cute.   You can even look through a glass window at the staff baking in the kitchen.  Stacie Cakes is proud to say that they make everything from scratch & are not hiding anything.  I will definitely come back to try another cupcake or two or three.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/17/2013,144,959,15,23,14>12 hours after our all day adventure began we made our way home. What is the perfect ending to a day which started with quilts, had a French lunch and dinner with all your husband's siblings?Donut run, duh!And not just any old donuts, no, these were superb donuts. Sometimes it is hard to explain the difference between a perfect donut and just a donut but it is super easy to taste.  When your mouth yells YAY and your teeth starting singing, you know you've hit the jackpot.I had a honey dipped which was just the right amount of sweet on top of just the right amount of chewy, kind of a squishy chewy.  Yummmmmmmy.  I also had a devils food donut.  (Do not judge me, it was a 12 hour day!)  It was dense which sometimes I do not like but this was dense with flavor and chew and chocolate.  I loved it and my husband adored his French crullers. Will we return?  Is the mayor of Chicago a democrat?Of course we'll be back. I will make sure of it.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,11/16/2013,70,159,5,3,3>Right across the way from Toby Keith's (another frequent stop for my crew), the Hofbrauhaus looms large and welcoming. The first step into the main hall draws you in to the live performers onstage, singing one easy listening cover after another, always looking for a way to work in a tasty beverage tie-in. Yes, I'm okay listening to Margaritaville from dudes in lederhosen. I'm sure they'll be singing an outfit-appropriate "Ein prosit" soon enough. Half-restaurant, half-beer garden and about 100% biergarten theme park. Prepare to be a tourist in your own backyard. The crowd looks very suburban. I see a lot of families here, bigger parties. The surrounding establishments tend to cater to more nightlife-y, over 21 customers. Here, there are eight year old kids having dinner while grandpa and dad raise their steins. The pretzels are delicious, though ultimately unspectacular. I've been favoring the sausage plate, it's just the right serving size, enough to get me fueled for a late night without weighing me down. I've tried their brews and they're very drinkable. The Dunkel is my favorite so far.I've been here a couple of times and the experience has been consistent both times, once during a slower weeknight and on a very busy Saturday. Both times, I was there for birthday dinners. It seems that a lot of folks come by and bring the family for a birthday dinner because the live band gets plenty of opportunities to sing the birthday song through the evening.Overall, the Hofbrauhaus, is lively, loud and merry, Oktoberfest year-round. A bit pricey for what it is but when we're all having fun, it's a relative bargain for good times.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,11/15/2013,113,112,10,13,13>I cannot express with words the vibe of this super fantastic café.  I was invited for a very informative discussion regarding the power of essential oils, given by my beautiful friend Lisa VanOverbake...quick plug for my business gurl!  SUPER slammed happy with awesomeness!  Alright...the food was delicious...fresh raw unique...there are so many options...salads wraps...the vegan desserts are incredible!  Menu has so many variations for pressed juices and smoothies it is ridiculous.  Now the staff...that's where its at. Sometimes...not often...but sometimes an amateur foodie with a tiny bit of knowledge about raw or vegan foods can get a slight snub...NOT here!  These girls threw it down like we were having a meal in their home.  So welcoming super chill very informative I felt as if I was in a room filled with old friends.  We could have all been high from sniffing essential oils...but I think not.  I cannot wait to get back to Pure Juice for some delish food! I would love to be their walking advertisement!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,11/14/2013,187,236,6,7,6>Someone pinch me. Can all of these delicious baked goods from Flur actually be gluten free? Before tasting the goods available at Flur, my impression of gluten free foods were tasteless imitations of the decadent "real thing." Flur completely overturned that impression and left me saying, "Wow. This is amazing!" After trying a brownie and orange cranberry muffin, I was in awe. I actually had to look online to check that this bakery was actually gluten-free because these baked goods weren't just good for gluten free. They were fantastic on their own! The brownie, my absolute favorite of what I have tried there, was perhaps one of the best brownies I have ever had. It was rich, thick, sweet, light, and fluffy all at the same time. Who knew that was possible in a brownie? Yum.Since the macarons were not available on the opening day, I returned the following week to sample a few. I bought the chocolate and pistachio macarons. The flavors in both of the macarons' exterior cookies and fillings complemented each other perfectly. My only complaint was that there were some pretty sizable air bubbles, which created a partly hollowed out interior. I'm optimistic that this was just a bad batch, so I'll be back to sample more flavors. Additionally, I prefer macarons with more filling (which is completely my personal preference, not an objective assessment). Overall, I am a fan of the macarons, even if I found them to be out of my regular purchase price range. Since the business is just starting out, I have just a few suggestions, too:-Expand the hours. It's great that you cover the morning commute to work crowd, but what about 9-5ers who can't make it over in the morning? What about students after school? -Advertise that you're gluten-free more. When I visited during the first week, I did not see that information posted anywhere. In conclusion, I am absolutely ecstatic about this wonderful addition to Riverside businesses. A delicious bakery is exactly what this town needs! The prime location and ample parking space really gives you no excuse to try this wonderful bakery for yourself. I promise you will not be disappointed, especially by those mouth-wateringly perfect brownies. I look forward to seeing the business Flur-ish!Quick facts:-Flur also bakes and decorates absolutely stunning cakes!-There's an online store, where you can order biscotti, macarons, cookies, or brownies.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,11/13/2013,133,66,6,11,7>"Sometimes you wanna go...where everybody knows your name..."Or at the very least, where they know you like your soy chai lattes extra hot. And that's exactly the level of service I've come to know and Love from this little indie coffee shop. First off, I know the reviews are all across the board -- and I will admit that I have visited on the occasional off day -- but I've spent more than enough time here (from open to close, on a few occasions!) to feel confident in giving them the five stars.Calibre tickles my fancy for more than a few reasons -- the first being that I have a soft spot for non-chain establishments, and this one fits the bill beautifully. Don't get me wrong -- I'm also a Starby's regular, but that's more or less just because it's a surefire way to get my chai fix on the regular. If given the choice -- I much prefer the feel of a smaller, less cookie-cutter establishment. I adore their decor. Dark wood furniture, modern/minimalist dishes, even the calm blue of their logo and uniforms. Bonus points for having a prime spot in the Arboretum -- in which the window seats get bathed in natural light (but vampires fear not, you can close the shutters if you like).Free wi-fi and a loyalty program ($5 for every $50 spent) make up for their *slightly* higher-than-your-average-coffee-shop prices. And if you're still irked by the prices -- they currently have a $1 off Yelp offer and a $10 for $30 Groupon (that I purchased, natch!) of which you can take advantage.But what keeps me coming back is their service. Okay, I'm not gonna lie, I do Love their French macarons, like, a whole lot, but more on that later. If you're grab-and-going, you may not get a feel for their super-friendly service. But if you're lounging around all day, you'll notice that: (1) They will get to know you and your little quirks. Like how I like my chai burns-your-tongue hot. (2) They will deliver your coffee and pastries to your table -- and will come and check on you from time to time, without reaching bugaboo status. (3) They'll notice when you appreciate things like extra cinnamon -- and will keep 'em coming. (4) They don't mind if you get cozy and live there for the day -- and even have an extra-large table in the back perfect for a big study group (or a small study group with a lot of baggage). (5) They strike up genuinely friendly conversation with you, and seem to genuinely want to get to know their customers. Okay, but the macarons. They have French macarons! [Insert happy dance here]. They may not be the biggest or the best -- but they do have a variety of flavors. And, it sure beats making the trek to the city (and paying for parking) to satisfy your tiny treat craving. If macarons don't float your boat, they've got a case-full of other pastries -- though I'm partial to the little Frenchies, and haven't gotten around to trying much of anything else tehe.Stop by and show Calibre some Love! They'll take care of you -- or at the very least, your coffee craving. You may even find me there on one of my all day Sunday seshes ;)
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/12/2013,127,193,5,10,8>Herradura means Horseshoe in Spanish.  I'm not sure of the significance of the name, but you'll want to make a U-turn and head straight to this taqueria.Horchata is a staple measuring stick I use to rate any taqueria's performance.  Herradura receives full marks for this sweet, milky, watery, cinnamon-y treat.  It cools your tongue well after a few bites of delicious dishes like pastor dinners/tacos and chilaquiles made with chile de arbol (one of the hottest common peppers served).  There is no shortage of condiments on the table- maybe almost too many- but they include a few different salsas with the requisite complimentary chips, and what  I call "Mexican gardiniera": a spicy blend of sliced carrots, jalapeños, onions, celery, cauliflower, and a little olive oil.This place sits in a former drive-in hotdog stand.  Times change and so do tastes.  But I have a feeling I'm going to crave some chilaquiles on a weekly basis for many many months to come.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,11/11/2013,112,483,2,9,10>Finally, a City quality restaurant in Orland. Seriously, walking in the door, it is obvious that this is not typical suburban sprawl. Great art, nice brick wall, long bar, TVs.Went on a Friday night, no problem parking. Was told that it would be a long wait, but there were two seats together at the end of the bar. We took those.The bartender was great - on her game, knew the menu. Friendly and professional.We shared empanadas which were fantastic. The skinny mamarita was very good. I had the taco specials, both were so good. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/10/2013,280,274,18,11,8>ASIAN MYSTIC MASSAGE is  a) a perfectly legitimate massage parlorORb) a shady you know what pretending to be a massage parlorIf you chose 'a', then "ding ding ding ding ding! You just happened to be the 1 percentile of folks that answered correctly."I think the specific combination of these three words is the culprit.10 STARSFor a damn good massage that re-aligned my center, loosened knots in my muscles, and released a gagillion pressure points that had my blood circulation flowing like Niagara Falls. Excellent massage.-5 STARSFor a potentially career-ending moment when my i-Phone lit up with an incoming email with the subject header "Asian Mystic Massage Special!" while I'm in a Corporate meeting.Conscience: Please tell me no one saw that email. Unsubscribe! Unsubscribe!Co-Worker's Conscience: Does that come with a Happy Ending? Crazy freak.Lesson: Don't opt-in to the email list or risk suffering a potentially disastrous misunderstanding.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,11/9/2013,124,515,5,8,6>This is pastry paradise. But I am happy that I have passed this place for two and half years without stopping in until now. I would be the size of the Pilsbury doughboy from all the carbs. I love the set up. You walk in and the doughnuts, muffins, bagels, cookies, pastries and other sweet treats are placed all around the bakery (largely against the wall). It's self serve for 90% f the items in the store. Their are labels listing the item, ingredients and pricing. The trays and boxes are beneath the pastries. Once you have selected your items, you then bring your items to the cashier, pay and leave. As a first timer, I spent way too much time deciding what to get. This place has everything and everything looked so good. I really wanted one of each but went with my better judgment. I bought a cinnamon roll, glaze doughnut and an almond pastry. My plan was to get one thing, but I could not decide. As I write this, I am happy to report I have only consumed two of three. After all, I did not want to go into a diabetic coma on the weekend.... I have stuff to do. But seriously, I love their glaze doughnut. (6 stars) The almond pastry was good (3.5 stars) but I probably would waste my calories on something else next trip. .....Yes, there will be a next trip. And I can't wait!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,11/8/2013,151,298,12,12,14>Words cannot describe how awesome this place was.  My wife and I along with 2 other couples ate here on a Saturday night.  I ate more oysters than I did all last year.  2x2x2 oysters were very good.  Oyster shooter with infused jalapeno vodka was awesome.  We also had the grilled oysters which were ok.  I had the bouillabaisse for my entree.  Wonderful spicy broth with tons of seafood.  My wife had the bbq shrimp with grits.  I really liked it.  Lets get to the drinks.  Dark and Stormy was a ginger delight.  So I had 2 of them.  They have zombie dust on tap.  Its hard to even find that beer in a bottle let alone on tap.  So I swilled down one of those as well.  No desert for me.  Not enough room.  Our server was a red headed ginger like myself named Jacob with a c.  He did a great job and kept our drinks coming.  There was something I though was super cool.  The entire bar when you walk in is from the 1893 Worlds Fair.  To sit at a bar thats over 115 years old has a lot of history to it.    I cant wait to go back.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,11/7/2013,255,326,10,14,14>How have I not already reviewed this place? I come here so often, the chickens save a spot for me at the picnic tables.Ok, about those chickens. They're so awesome. These are the most brazen, full of attitude birds I have ever met (and I have met a lot of birds). On a recent visit, one hen sat beside me, watching me eat with a look of disapproval. I kid you not, she was judging my lunch hard. "Really? A sandwich from Starbucks?" Then when my daughter dropped a piece of HER lunch (organic whole wheat crackers, organic full fat mozzarella, and mango applesauce), the chicken reached over and grabbed it right off her lap. Yes, if you eat lunch at the picnic tables here, the chickens will poach your food (but only if it meets their high standards).  Of course, with the help of staff you can go into the barnyard and feed the chickens cracked corn right from your hand, and some will even let you pet them, but then you miss your chance to be silently judged by a hen. By this point in the review, you might be wondering why I am talking about a barnyard at a nature sanctuary. It's because this place is a twofer! Well...a threefer? There's a nature sanctuary with trails cutitng through the various habitats on 135 acres, the Merkle Log Cabin (which you can rent and which has a fire pit), and an 1880's living history farm. I originally started coming here for the excellent birdwatching, but now most of my visits are dedicated to showing my daughter the farm animals and the frogs, toads, and turtles along the banks of the streams and ponds here.Everyone who works here is knowledgeable and friendly. There is a gift shop with little trinkets and some fun handmade items, like mock-antique bonnets. Sometimes, there are baby animals. BABY ANIMALS! Here are some things you will not find at Spring Valley/Volkening Farm:--boating--hunting--fishing--dog walking--sheep (they used to have them but discovered the sheep in 1880's Schaumburg all belonged to one British immigrant)This is a great place to spend an afternoon, or an evening if they are having an event (these include a meteor shower party, ice cream making, and wedding re-enactments, among other things). Daytime events can include learning about 19th-century games or demonstrations about leavening bread and pastries.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,11/6/2013,283,456,4,10,9>Time for an update! La Hacienda has been a landmark at Irving Park Road and Roselle Rd. as long as I can remember. They are busy regularly but rarely is there a wait. This probably has something to do with the overall size of the establishment which is surprising given their location tucked away in a corner of a strip mall. I don't know about you, but I have pretty much concluded that any decent Mexican place I'm willing to eat at is pretty much always located tucked away in a strip mall somewhere. It's these places that have the charm provided by the mom & pop running the place. They also have the old family recipes with secrets no one else has. My sister and I dined here late on a Monday evening a while back and whilst it wasn't the healthiest option, it was on our way home and neither of us had been in quite a while, so we gave it a shot. My experience here was much better than any prior to this night. The service was attentive without being intrusive  the food was excellent. The ingredients were fresh.My only complaint is that there was an abundance of onion in the somewhat over priced guacamole app which we should have skipped. Other than that, my taco dinner was delicious. I got two tacso al pastor and one barbacoa taco. I have to say, the meat in each taco was abundant and I really could have made 6 tacos out of the portions of meat in this meal. The rice was well flavored and the tortillas were fresh. While they are not homemade tortillas, they were very fresh and I was a fan of that. The pricing is TOTALLY reasonable. The location is convenient. The staff is helpful. I intend to work this place into our regular circulation of Village Tavern and chipotle. Why not some REAL Mexican food!?
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/5/2013,38,217,5,13,10>We've been to Bisi twice now, and hope to get back again soon.First time, we took the kids, and had 4 different dishes.  This time just the wife and I went for lunch , and had 2 other dishes.  So overall, we've probably tried just about everything on the menu.The owner remembered us, remembered we'd brought our kids before, and thanked me for the pix I'd posted on yelp.  Very friendly.  Great for customer service.My favorite was the Aya Mase, the one dish that was somewhat spicy.  Had the most flavor layers, IMO.  Everything we've tried has been delicious, though.They do cook things traditionally, meaning bones and all. (which we most certainly appreciate).I hope to see this unique cuisine thrive in the burbs.  The burbs certainly need it.My fear is that the location has been a black hole for restaurants.  Haven't seen something last for more than a couple years in this location.  And I fear that people will find this place a novelty- maybe try it once.  I hope not.  Places like this should be encouraged.  The food is excellent. Be open minded to try something new, more than once.  Give them your business.  I know I'll be back.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/4/2013,2184,1339,17,18,20>I have a huge bump on my head. This ain't your normal bug bite. It's some kind of monstrous beast of a bite that takes up half my forehead. Thankfully I have bangs that I can strategically place to cover up said bug bite. But I never learn - I always forget to douse myself in bug spray before going to these nature places. My first word of advice for you all is : Put on bug spray! Bam.Willowbrook opens at 9 each day and is open every day. There is no admission cost but there is a donation box near the entrance - DONATE! Read a bit about the center before you go so you can fully appreciate all they are doing for the animals and where your money is going. Willowbrook has a nature center full of animals plus some nature trails with animals and others without the furry & feathered friends.I've had Willowbrook on my must do list for months and am glad I finally got the chance to go yesterday morning. I spent just about an hour there and I think that was sufficient time to explore the area. I even met a nice lady who was also there solo and for her first time...she agreed it was great.I swear I could stand there watching the animals forever. Like a lunatic I start laughing at the silly little groundhog as he gnawed on the wood in his cage. A woodchuck eating wood - ha! Up in Wisconsin last week I saved a groundhog's life as I slammed my breaks on, while he slowly sauntered across the road. Plus I had one in my tree at my last apartment and he just chilled up there for a couple hours! I had never seen anything like that before. So groundhogs & me, we're tight. I also loved the bobcat. Just a big ol' kitty cat. I wanted to climb in his cage and pet him and love him forever, such a cutie. Adorable fox siblings were there, tons of different varieties of birds including turkey vultures, hawks, cute owls and a badass bald eagle. An opossum, too! They were all super cute, most were up and atom not just laying & sleeping. Pro-tip with any animal viewing: Dawn and dusk are always their most active times.Inside were a bunch of birds, frogs, snakes, turtles and more. I liked the gray Eastern Screech Owl inside the best. He kept blinking at me and one time even winked! Aw! They had a chipmunk and some other animals in their care area behind the glass including a gaggle of baby opossums all snuggling together. The cool thing is you can follow their Facebook that they update regularly to see what animals are in & the stories behind them.I loved being able to read the animals' stories and learn information about them as I went along. Yep, I learned stuff while here. Got my edumacation on. I love learning (I'm a nerd), love animals and love getting out on nature trails and Willowbrook ties it all together for me. As Nicole L. mentions, it's rough getting good pictures here because of the wiring on their cages but it must be necessary for the little guys so I won't hold it against them.I loved Willowbrook and it's not too bad of a drive from Schaumburg so I'll be back often.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/3/2013,78,284,6,12,6>I don't know if there are many places in the Chicagoland area to get your shoot on. I've been to Article II in Lombard but never used the range. According to my fiance and his friend, it was good, but not the best. Since trying out guns is his latest hobby, he suggested that we go to GAT Guns and give it a shot (see what I did there?).We made the drive up to East Dundee. The building looks huge from the outside. We went inside and there were a bunch of guns on display along with other gun needs. We went up to the range area and waited in line behind some people that were being helped. The wait kinda sucks, as there are only two people behind the counter and they both are on hand to help the customer at the counter. I think we waited about 10 to 15 minutes. Finally, we were taken care of. The guys behind the counter seem really young, but they know their stuff and were incredibly efficient. You may want to check out the website ahead of time to see what guns they have so you have a good idea of what you want when you get there.If you rent a gun, you have to purchase their ammunition. You are charged per person and you can share a range with the person you are with (though there might be a limit as to how many people can share a range. With 4 or 5 guns, ammunition, and range fees, and a few targets, our total was around $90. We filled out some paperwork, flashed our FOID cards, and were on our way. You're only allowed one gun per person at a time, so when you want to try out your other gun, you can come back and trade. You go through a door that goes into an empty room. There is a viewing window for those that aren't shooting. This is also a good place to put in your earbuds and put on your goggles. Tip: wear long sleeves so the hot shells flying out of the guns don't burn you.There are several stations available with a top to put your guns and ammo. There is also a shelf below for your bags and other things. There is a PVC pipe with a clip to hang your target. We had some trouble with ours sometimes, particularly with the bigger targets; it would fold inward when you flip the switch to send it down the range, and then we couldn't see the target. It probably didn't help that I shot the pipe earlier.We had a lot of fun getting to try our different guns and it's a great way to get some practice. The ranges are nothing special, but they are in the process of remodeling them, so I'm interested to see what they will look like. Even though it is a bit more expensive than Article II, the guns are better and not over-worn, and I think you get more bang for your buck (I'm on fire with these gun puns). Definitely worth the drive if you like to go to the range.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,11/2/2013,760,671,8,13,11>Growing up, I LOVED hot dogs. All I wanted to eat were hot dogs. A few years ago, I became a vegetarian, found out what was in hot dogs, and stopped eating them. The desire to eat hot dogs comes and goes. I usually don't give in to the craving.I had the sudden urge to eat a hot dog tonight. Out of curiosity, I looked up hot dog places and this was the first one that popped up -- very close to us. And the first review on this page at the time? Victoria W's review in which she starts talking about their veggie dogs!!! WIN! I was so excited about finding hot dogs that I could actually EAT; my husband and I jumped in the car and drove over to pick up some yummy dogs.Doctor Dog's is easy to overlook; it's a tiny place in a tiny strip mall between Dunkin' Donuts and something else. It's a typical hot dog place with bright colors, several tables, and a wall filled with colored-in coloring pages from children customers. What sets this place apart from other hot dog joints is the incredibly friendly atmosphere. We were greeted with smiles and conversation throughout our entire time there.Veggie hot dogs are actually not on the menu. The owner's (I think) daughter is a vegetarian (oh, the irony) and he keeps veggie hot dogs for her and one other customer (is that you, Victoria?). He went in the back to check if they had them and they did -- WHEW! So, for $4, I ordered a veggie hot dog with fries and a drink. My husband got a chili cheese dog meal for $5. The veggie hot dog was AMAZING. Best hot dog I've ever had. The fries were pretty good too, although a bit too thin and soggy. After we finished, we sat around for a bit to watch the Blackhawks game on the television and one of the workers offered us more french fries on the house. Our full stomachs politely declined, but it was very nice of him to offer!We're definitely come back a few more times this summer. Cute place, very friendly people, good prices, and delicious veggie dogs!! Woo-hoo!!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/1/2013,82,235,9,12,12>Woah! Love the new management! Everybody who wrote off Coffee Haus due to the service needs to try it again. Now, instead of one rather humorless person (who totally grows on you but I can see why he was a deterrent) ringing you up *and* making everybody's order, they've got *four* separate chipper peeps all busting their butts to get you your drink. We noted a few hilarious changes -- they replaced the severe old sign about time limits on the computers with a wall quote about life and happiness or somesuch. And I love the new frequent customer cards!Now, all of this would not be worth it if the best ever smoothie formula had changed. I'm happy to report that the mango smoothie tastes almost exactly the same as the one made by the previous owner -- that "biting into a fresh mango" flavor achieved by no one else in the Chi burbs. Actually, I think they use a little less sugar, so it's even more like a real mango.We will miss the owner of before and hope he and his wife are doing okay. We had a fun glimpse of his personality a while back when we were buying a cupcake and he blurted out, "They're so beautiful."Protip: bring your mango smoothie home and add a shot of tequila
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,10/31/2013,421,397,43,44,45>If you happen to be in the city of Oak Lawn and are driving down Cicero Avenue, you might come across a 50s style fast food joint called Rosie's Drive-In. While it may have been a "Drive-In" with carhop service at some point in the past, those days appear to be long gone.  Clearly a survivor from days gone by Rosie's is a tiny little eatery with a handful of seats and tables on the inside, a public bathroom (not always a sure thing in a place this small), a small ordering counter and a drive-thru window. In stopping by Rosie's Drive-In I decided to try out the hot dog here. A few minutes after I placed my order the food was ready. The hot dog I received was a classic Chicago style hot dog. It came on a poppy seed bun that was soft and clearly steamed. The sausage itself was a skinless dog, well heated and flavorful. There were two nice sized sport peppers that one laid from end to end covered the entire length of the hot dog so that sport pepper flavor could be had in every bite. The pickle slice used here was a thin sliced pickle, that was a nice compliment without being too sour. The mustard, relish and onion were well applied. The only thing unusual about this hot dog was that there was no noticeable celery salt. The overall combination of ingredients combined with the proper application of them is key to making a great hot dog. And the hot dog here at Rosie's did this on all counts. While not the best hot dog I've ever had, it's certainly in the upper echelon. I am going to give Rosie's Drive-In a full five stars. An excellent hot dog at a fair price.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,10/30/2013,1546,338,19,22,20>A REAL DOG WHISPERER?We had been taking our dogs Rocco and Vinnie to another vet ever since they had come to our home. We were happy with the staff and doctors of the other vet but their cost and charges for typical services like shots were always more expensive than the others in the area. The thing is that they refused to bring their prices down when we even pointed this out to them. They basically forced us to shop around which we did. We looked on yelp and since most of our neighbors have dogs and other pets we checked with them as well. It turns out that Wauconda Animal Hospital is a very highly respected place with the yelp review and the neighbors.We made an appointment to take the guys here for their annual shots. It was an early Saturday morning appointment when we brought them. The staff took care of us right away with helping us by filling out paper work. Vinnie decided to leave a sample on the floor for them. He does this when he gets nervous. After filling out the paper work they brought us to the exam room. We waited a little until the doctor arrived and I have to say that she was very nice and gentle with Rocco and Vinnie. When the tech placed the dogs, one at a time on the exam table to examine them and give them their shots, I have to say that I had NEVER seen them so relaxed and calm when being examined and given shots. It was as if the tech was a dog whisperer (watch out Cesar). While the doctor was thoroughly examining each of the guys she checked their teeth and told us how to brush them properly. She told us that we only need to brush the outside and concentrate on the canines as these are the ones that get the most plaque on them.This is our first time here so I am giving them 4.5 stars for now but I am sure and confident that they will move to 5 stars.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,10/29/2013,116,295,6,7,6>The boy and I are on a quest for the best pizza in Chicagoland. But I really wanted to try a New York style pizza based on listening to my friends talk about it! The yelp app landed us at Brooklyn Halaal!!    The inside doesn't look like much, just a few tables, and a soda cooler that you can pick out drink of your choice. Walking up to the counter I saw the pizza and I felt a tinge of sadness because I thought "Ain't no way this S*** is gonna be any good!" I totally judged the book by its cover! I ordered a slice of the vegetarian, and a slice of pepperoni. I ordered the veggie because there was only one slice of sausage left, and my boyfriend loves sausage more than I do so I let him have it. Gotta take one for the team. And who am I kidding I eat everything! :-)     Boy was I pleasantly surprised. I think my mouth had sex! #Gurl!!! The veggie pizza was nice! I would've loved it even more with sausage on it! The pepperoni was where it was at! #Okay! The pepperoni slice had just the right amount of zing, and a nice crispness to it. I wanted to slap my mom, dad, and great granny!       While eating the cook made more sausage pizza, and of course we tried a slice of it. It was good as well, but my heart was with the pepperoni! Brooklyn Halaal also has other items on the menu- Mediterranean type food! The owners are middle eastern, but they smashed that pizza!! The boy and I ordered a whole chicken to go with sides of rice, and fried okra. That was for dinner later, but of course my fat a** ate the okra right then. I kept telling myself its okay the quality will be severely affected if I don't eat it now! The Okra was bland as all get out. I probably wouldn't order it again in this life (or next life for that matter!!)      The rice was awesome!!! It had a nice flavor to it! Other side options were baba ghanoush, potatoes, fries, and a couple of other options. The boy and I chose the garlic chicken to which I asked was there any buttery sauces added to the chicken. The cook said no, but when we got home there was a creamy white garlic sauce added. I was hella pissed because my boyfriend won't eat any butter or cream based sauces, so he couldn't eat it. That S*** didn't stop me though lol! It was very good.      I will definitely be back to Brooklyn Halaal! I would like to try a couple of other sides, and of course the pizza! They offer a two slice, and can of soda deal for $5. That's such a good deal because the slices are as big as the plate! There is also a cool middle eastern grocery store next door! As well as  other middle eastern restaurants near that I will make the trip back to the area to check out! Until next time!!!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/28/2013,17,90,2,7,6>This place is it!!! Going into this place we thought it served both Indian and Chinese food the best of both worlds "How could you go wrong". Turned out it is a Chinese Place that uses Indian Spices. Which, as it turns out, is the flavor profile that my mouth was missing. Because from the first bite of Chili Potatoes and the last bite of my Burnt Garlic fried rice was amazing. I washed this down with a large "Hayward 5000" which is an Indian beer. This was the first time I tried Hayward and that was extremely good as well. The level was spice was great, I was with my wife and we shared. She can't handle as much spice as I can. If it was up to me I would say "heat it up. Extra Spicy please" but instead we got it about medium and it still had a bite. I would love to go back and test them to see how hot they can make it. The only problem for me is that I live about 20 miles away. mmmmmmmmmmm...If I ever thought about moving to get closer to a restaurant, this would be the place. Thank you Taste
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,10/27/2013,176,176,2,10,7>Mallard Lake Forest Preserve has become one of my escape spots when I need a peaceful outdoor place to clear the mind. Sometimes I will grab a lunch, drive out to Mallard Lake, park and eat. Most often I walk the 1.3 mile trail around the lake with my camera stopping to take pictures whenever something catches my eye. The trail is mostly a fine, light gray, limestone pathway with two bridges over parts of the lake. Pedestrians, joggers, and bicycles all share the path. Dogs are allowed as long as they are on a leash less than 10 feet in length.You'll see a few piers at the south and west ends of the lake which attract those who like to fish. I've also seen an occasional boat or canoe in the lake. And there's a few picnic tables by the trail near the parking area.Like most preserves, Mallard Lake opens daily one hour after sunrise and closes one hour after sunset. Pretty nice in the summer since sunset usually isn't until after 8:30 PM.Vehicles can enter the preserve from Schick Road about a block west of Gary Avenue. The main drive into the preserve has bicycle lanes in both directions. You can also enter the preserve from the north on foot or bike from a trail through Heritage Park on Arlington Drive (by Spring Wood Middle School and Greenbrook Elementary School).In 2009-2010, the preserve went through development improvements which included the new entrance on Schick Road, additional parking, shoreline improvements, native plant restoration, boardwalk and trail.Spring, summer, fall, and winter... I have been to Mallard Lake during all the seasons and have some great photos as a result. Not a lot to see, but if you're looking intently, you definitely see something of interest.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/26/2013,216,369,10,7,5>What better way to kick off July than a barbecue review? 'Cause 'Merica, mayne. Never furgayut. This hussy and me are gonna get some Smokin M's, Budweisers, and kick major ayuss. Yew gotta problem wif dayut? I'll kick yer commie ayuss too, sumbitch. Yew ain't entirely sure who yewr messin wif. I'm one mean top gun, and I'll unload on yer ayuss. Never furgayut.I recommend going with a combo meal so you can try more than one meat. My favorite is the rib tips and hot links combo, because I like sausage (no homo). Their chicken is decent, but the white meat is a bit too dry. You can't go wrong with the ribs though. The meat is tender, fall-off-the-bone goodness. In all likelihood, you will have leftovers. They give you a lot of food for not a lot of money, as fries, bread and cole slaw come with every meal.You can dine in, but it's small and can get smokier than Snoop Dogg's rec room, so I prefer take-out. Smokin' M's in the back of the Benzy.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/25/2013,58,259,5,5,5>I never thought these words would utter from my mouth... but I am in love with a grocery store.I am literally finding reasons to visit this place, all I want to do is make a gourmet dinner from Tony's every day of the week.The biggest produce section I have ever seen in my life and the prices are oh so cheap.  The bakery is not expensive, always samples around, and they have some of the best cannolis!  They have regular, chocolate dipped, and white chocolate dipped.  I could also eat their Onion Buns every day of my life (though I'm sure my stomach wouldn't like that)... packed with flavor, chewy, perfect with a burger.. and cheap to boot as well, I think they are 3 for $1.The deli is insanely cheap AND courteous.  We originally opted for an oven-roasted turkey breast from some higher up brand and the employee offered us their turkey since it was $1.00 cheaper per pound.  We said yes, of course, and then he goes "oh try some too, just to make sure its to your liking."  I have never been around that great of customer service at a deli before.The Tilapia we have gotten there is HUGE and incredibly meaty, decently priced too.I could go on and on and on ... just go here, get some great food, and save yourself some money!!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,10/24/2013,63,60,12,17,14>I am still reasonably unclear on the name of this restaurant, even with Yelp telling me, but this place is friendly, fantastic, and the fastest falafel place I have ever seen. You should definitely give these guys a try because they deserve your business.First, I have to say some things about their design choices. If you are not interested, skip ahead to the next paragraph. The sign outside reads "Egyptian Fast Food WOW House of Egypt," which is maybe a little bit much, but on the other hand, I didn't forget it. The sign is also... singular... which is a nice way of saying "a design nightmare." But, again, I didn't forget where I saw that sign. Inside, the restaurant is clean and modern but strangely mixed with lots of fake-o Egyptian stuff (including a full-on throne room) that even have placards nearby that are reminiscent to what you would see at a museum. All of the design choices that this restaurant made are potentially disasterous... except... it's a great restaurant! Weirdly, that makes every bad design choice charming (see also: La Hacienda de Roselle) and makes them more noticeable and unique in a good way. While I would not recommend that WOW Egyptian Fast Food keep their aesthetic for the duration of their business, I'm amazed and kind of delighted with how it works for them right now.Design aside, this place gets everything right. When my wife went, we both got chicken schwarma sandwiches and falafel. Standard pita fare- except we got our food in only a few minutes. How is that possible? Every pita place I have ever been takes, like, 20 minutes to cook your food. Also, the food was really delicious. I love Naf Naf, but this schwarma sandwich was better. Also we had the option to make our sandwiches spicy, which we did, and they were absolutely spicy. It was great. I had a mango juice to drink, and it was marvellous. I recommend all of the above. So does my wife.The food would have been fine on its own- I'd come back for just that- but what really impressed us was the service. I've eaten out a lot of places, and I can't remember the last time I felt this personally welcomed into a restaurant. The lady who took our order was warm and friendly, and even took the time to tell us what sauces we had, and her favorite ways to try them during the meal. I love when people do that. People that go above and beyond to make your meal better by showing you new ways to experience the food get an A+ in my book. And upon trying the suggestions she made, I have to say she was right.When you go to a steakhouse, you expect that the food and service will be excellent. When you go to a fast food pita place, that expectation isn't there- for me anyway. I walked away talking about WOW Egyptian Fast Food for a solid 10 minutes while we drove to Lunar in Villa Park. My wife, who is in restaurant management, was blown away. In her words "I think that was the best service I've ever gotten.... anywhere."Reader, I'm not sure your experience will be as good, but I hope it will be. Even after reading all the great reviews, this place totally took us by surprise. Give them a shot.Oh, and make sure you take a pictures in the Egyptian Throne.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,10/23/2013,363,708,4,20,7>I've always been a fan of broasted chicken -- there's something about that pressure-fried process that yields delicious, crispy, juicy chicken that's hard to resist. I'd passed Mr Halal many times driving down Roosevelt, but it wasn't until we visited the Dairy Queen two doors down that it caught our eye and we thought, hey, let's give it a try.I came in around 6:45 on a Tuesday and the place was empty, although it doesn't seem like an eat-in kinda place -- maybe for a quick lunch. There are two longish tables that seat maybe 20 people total.Don't be thrown off by the Halal part -- Lombard and Villa Park have a lot of Muslim families but this is more or less American food, simply prepared to Halal standards, which is essentially the same as kosher -- just blessed by a different religious authority. The chickens are humanely raised, fed a vegetarian diet and humanely killed. Everything is fresh. I ordered the 8-piece family meal which comes with a whole chicken (2 breasts, 2 wings, 2 thighs, 2 drumsticks), 4 biscuits and a large side (I went with fries). I was told it would be 15 minutes and sat and chilled out. I heard the guy prepping food in the back and then he came out with a tray of freshly-floured chicken and placed it in the broaster, which is basically this giant pressure cooker. It smelled delicious, immediately.Sure enough, 15 minutes later I had a box of piping hot chicken, a large takeout container of fries, and a container of biscuits, which was neatly bagged up for me.All of this is to say it was DELICIOUS. Crispy, great seasoning (a little kick of spice), extremely juicy and tender meat. I devoured mine in no time. The fries had a slightly spicy kick to them as well which I added to by dunking them in hot sauce (which tasted basically like Frank's). The biscuits were buttery and flaky too.In short: forget that fast-food place across the street. Please support Mr Halal. I want it to stick around so I can come back for much more juicy crispy fried deliciousness.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,10/22/2013,161,158,4,10,5>This place have had a few ownership changes in the past 3-4 months so it was confusing at first to arrive at a Noodles Pho U address, to see a giant Bok Choy sign at the restaurant. While it did took them a while to finish the name transition, eventually, they did put up an updated sign and this Chinese/Sushi restaurant is now a Vietnamese/Chinese/Thai/Korean pan asian place of cuisine. I've been here twice up to date and originally, my first thought of it was a "meh". Their Pho was A-OK but it just took a really long time for the order to come out.. like 20-30 min wait long. I'm Vietnamese and I'm my bar for Vietnamese food is a bit higher since I know what tastes good to me and what doesn't, and I also have a certain wait time expectation since most Pho and noodle dishes should have their broth prepared ahead of time, so I'm not sure what could cause them to take that long. I went home that day thinking this place is 3 stars at best. Nevertheless, my family gave it another try today and my taste buds told me differently, 4 stars. The wait time for 4 people (3 dishes, 1 appetizer, 2 smoothies) were still the same however. I clocked them at about 30-35 min wait. However, everything came out tasting really good, savory, flavored just right (not too salty or bland) and that really made up for the wait time. The server, Truc, was very nice and polite and were friendly toward us and kept us updated with the wait (a small gesture that was appreciated when most restaurants lacked). Here's my report card of this place: #50 Banh Xeo- B+ (8 pieces in small ceramic plates, authentic to taste, flavorful, good, and should be eaten right away when hot for optimal taste, once it's cold, you wont get the full flavor) $8.95 is a little pricey but since this isn't a common dish at most restaurants, it's worth a try. Would be nice if they lowered the price on this a bit. It's costing as much as an entree for app.#200 Bun Thit Nuong- A+. At first I thought this portion was small, but I ended up not finishing it (could be due to my smoothie drink I had been sipping). The pork was VERY flavorful and true to Vietnamese cuisine, the noodles were soft and not dry, pickled radishes and lettuce was fresh and compliments the dish. I would get this again! $8.95 is about right for this. Other dishes that I didn't ordered but my family did was #122 Pho Special and #300 Pork Chop Rice. You can request to have a sunny side egg with the latter dish (true to how Vietnamese people eat it). My family said both dish were decent and they finished it all. Rice is sometimes a miss or hit dish, since some restaurant can cook it well or undercook it or have it to dry, and that can really break or make a dish. If the rice is too dry, then you don't have that to compliment the flavor of the dish. In addition, nuoc mam, or fish sauce is also another break or make it ingredient. It is the final flavor of everything Vietnamese. This restaurant make the fish sauce well, and I heard the rice was okay, sounds good. Smoothies I recommend and have tried: Avocado and Papaya. My favorite being avocado. They used fresh fruits here and may put a bit more ice and sugar into it, so it can taste sweet but over all, their smoothies are decent at $3.50-$4.75/drink. There is Lunch/Dinner special here but nothing on that menu is Vietnamese, only basic Chinese dishes so I would personally take a pass. There is delivery here with a $10 purchase minimum. Ambience is very casual and in need of some redecoration, a about 8 tables of 4 can fit here, so it's not really a large place. My final verdict for this place, if you're nearby, give it a try. I certainly will come back. However, it's NOT a place to go when you're in a hurry. Give yourself at least 30 minutes for the food to come out. I think they are low in staff so service and food is a bit slow. Other than that, I'm coming back here for my Vietnamese cravings. Check it out! :)
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/21/2013,16,94,2,8,5>I was meeting a friend for a business lunch and have been wanting to try DMK for some time but wasn't sure what to expect.  I must say, it really impressed me.  We were seated quickly and I highly recommend getting there a little before noon to make sure there is no wait.  It looks like you can sit at the bar but if you want a table make sure you are there early.  Its a hip yet casual environment that is pretty loud when the dining room is full so be prepared for that.  Our server was great and explained the menu as neither of us had been there before.  While we didn't dig into the beer list for a Tuesday lunch meeting it looked extensive and definitely something I would explore on a weekend night or late afternoon.Both of us had the #2, which is a grass fed burger with lightly fried onions and Amish blue cheese.  We also ordered standard fries with the spicy ketchup.  When the burger came out I was a little concerned because the bun seemed a bit thin and I thought it might get soggy and fall apart...fear not though as this bun was sturdy to the last bite.  The burger was cooked perfectly and packed with flavor.  They had just the right amount of onions and blue cheese, which also seemed to stand up to the burger as opposed to melting into nothing at some burger places.Fries were fresh cut and cooked to perfection, not too soft and not too crunchy.  The spicy ketchup was the perfect compliment.  I recently concocted a homemade spicy barbeque sauce and this ketchup had a similar smokey, spicy flavor...I wanted to take it home with me!All in all, a great experience and I will definitely be back.  This place is right up there on my list of best burgers in the Chicago area.  Great job!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/20/2013,58,146,3,6,4>Hands down five stars for Niki Moon Salon. What a pleasant visit. After moving from Chicago to the Naperville area, finding a hair salon that did exceptional work was top priority. After a fail from another salon, I called Niki Moon to "fix" my color and came away a happy gal.Had an appointment with Brynn and explained what I wanted. She recommended doing a color fill and all over color, rather than what I initially thought I needed (full color and full highlights) to fix my color. I appreciated her honestly and giving a detailed consultation and consequently providing a less expensive service than I had originally scheduled. To me, this really shows they are less in it for the money, but more to please the customers and provide the proper service.Once Brynn began to wash out the dye and began to dry my hair; ! WOW !, she really did a fantastic job of mixing different colors to provide a beautiful color that gives me hair visual interest and color depth.  It was like she took what I pictured and explained and executed it to a T. It was better than I'd hoped.I didn't want to write a review, because I wanted to keep Niki Moon my little secret, but as Yelpers know the cat is out of the bag with all the positive reviews. Niki Moon is my go-to salon now. Thank you!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/19/2013,28,89,5,5,4>I love this place.  I love the resilience of being flooded time and time again and not consider moving locations.  That alone should make this place a must visit.  It's clean, it's busy, the servers are there to make your order - not hold your hand.  If you must have ketchup - this is not your place... don't write nasty reviews about ketchup at a place you know doesn't service it... period.  Fries on the dog - they come that way.  You do have the option to say no fries and then order a side of fries... but what's the point.  These two details have helped build an empire for Gene and Jude's, embrace it or go elsewhere.In the years I've been coming here, they got my order wrong once.  I don't think I can say that for any other fast food place.  Bring a sack of G&J's to the office or to a party and watch folks fight over hotdogs... amazing!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/18/2013,212,227,6,12,7>I'm a big fan. I wish there was one like, in my apartment building. Butttt then I would have no monies. I've recently gotten into raw foods and am always looking for new restaurants or recipes. I've even completed a raw challenge posed by Brad's Raw Foods.I found this place on Yelp (Obv) and have been twice so far. First, their mission is pretty admirable. All volunteer-run and a non-for-profit. Proceeds benefit the Thanks Jordan Foundation; check their website for more info. Moving onto the actual café: it's a small-ish size, filled with oddly-shaped tables - they're shaped like leaves! There is a lot of art around; the front window states that not only is it a cafe, but it is an art gallery as well. Next door you will find the Naked Sprouts Organics store. I was told that everything sold there is organic. There is a also a juice bar in said store, so, if you order a juice (Or bottled drink) at the café, they run next door to the store to fetch it for you. Yes, I'm trying to make "fetch" happen.So, the food. I just love raw food so I bet it would be hard to disappoint me with it. I've only ordered the leaf wraps - AMAZE. You choose either a pumpkin seed or cashew "cheeze" and can pick four items to put in the wrap. It (And all entrees) is also served with two side salads, one is usually a greens salad and the other is a fruit salad. The first time I went, my friend got cucumber rounds (Which aren't on the menu on the website) and the second time, Al B. got the "El Burrito Loco" (Also not on the menu on the website). Both friends gave their meals two thumbs up. I have also heard good things about the juice bar, but I've only gotten bottled green kombucha whilst dining there. I've also tried their vanilla macaroons for desert. While VERY delicious, I often make the same thing at home, so I'd personally skip it in the future.The only downside is the price. For me, it's worth it. The food is fresh, healthy, raw, vegan, and organic, which is inherently expensive.BUT!Keep an eye out for their Groupons. My server mentioned it the first time I went and I went and bought one. When searching for it, search for "vegan", not "raw." They also offer classes, which I found when searching for "raw" on Groupon.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,10/17/2013,56,208,6,8,6>I would venture to say that this is the most authentic Chinese restaurant in the tri- county area.  I don't have perfect knowledge, so this is obviously an absurd statement.  However, Katy's is extremely authentic based on several items:1) The clientele-99% Han Chinese, 1% white American folk.2) The Lavatories-Straight out of Beijing baby-In serious need of a remodel, and in dire need of a serious cleaning.  Exactly like you'll find in China's capital city.3) The Food-Magnificent and plentiful, if a double digit percentage more expensive than you'll find in The North Capital. I would recommend the Dan Dan Noodle to any fan of noodles.  You'll find them nicely spicy, fairly hearty, and particularly delicious.The Moo Shu chicken was, according to my wife, the best she's ever had, and she's a big fan.  The salt and pepper shrimp was really delicious, but we aren't used to eating the shell of the shrimp (which isn't removed prior to battering and deep frying) so it's a bit odd for us ma guo ren. The xiaolongbao (steamed bun) is a really nice touch, as you don't see it much around here, and it is very good. Finally, the orange Chicken (my daughter's favorite) was quite nice.The service isn't great and the décor needs some work, but if you crave delicious and authentic, check Katy's out.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,10/16/2013,171,116,9,7,6>I have a confession. I hope this is a safe space. I LOVE the smell of bakeries. I also love baked goods.I'm often faced with a debilitating issue: I crave baked goods on Sundays. Most bakeries seem to be closed on the Lord's day. What is a guy to do?Venture to Arlington Cake Box, that's what. I scrolled through the "Open Now" options a few Sundays ago and discovered this highly rated establishment. I managed to make it in before they closed at noon. A good bear claw tends to make me go into, well, bear mode. I opted for the almond coffee cake, which was nearly a foot long, and a boston cream donut. The total was a bit hefty for two items--nearly $10.Yes, I did eat all of the coffee cake and it was delicious. And yes, I did inhale the donut.  Delicious treats, but a bit expensive.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,10/15/2013,89,117,7,4,3>If you find yourself flipping through a dictionary of common phrases and come across the entry for 'Diamond in the Rough (n.)' you'll likely see a picture of the Two Brothers Tap House used as a context for the definition. Especially with the road construction a while back, TBTH was a challenge to find; however once we arrived, we didn't care. Two Brothers was an overall incredible experience and now a favorite destination when the timing is right and we can spend a Saturday out and about. I have been to a large handful (or two) of breweries and this one stuck out. And not just because I became huge fan of their beer in college but during my most recent visit (a few months ago) I had the chance to finally eat in their dining room. It completely surpassed the hype and then some.Hands down best fish tacos. See my tip...I'm a believer. I was also at the Food & Wine festival and met the head chef, and although the food samples were equally as delicious there, I had to shake his hand and compliment the tacos.I honestly couldn't think of a better way spend an afternoon: Getting a table and placing an order for hot pretzels and beer, bringing the cold beer on the brewery tour, returning to said table where the pretzels are waiting,ordering a flight and another beer,ordering lunch,drinking the flight,drinking the other beer,eating the most delicious fish tacos you can put in your face,drinking more beer,and then visit the gift shop (for a growler of beer).Holy cow.Obviously be responsible, then be responsible and drink a lot of tasty brews. I plan to make a weekend out of it one day (think bachelor party minus the commitment......) and get a hotel room and group and taxi and just have at it. I can't wait.I would really not be surprised if Two Brothers Tap House will quickly become one of your favorites too, just don't go during North Wind season.....more for me!Enjoy.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,10/14/2013,92,197,5,4,8>Nostalgia may be fueling my stars.I love Emilio's.I love the decor.I love the sangria.I love the bar.I love the tapas.I love getting blotto on sangria at the bar while eating the tapas on a quite Saturday afternoon.And finally, I love the banana dessert.Oh, and I love that the staff makes fun of the drunk blond girls at the bar sharing the very phallic banana dessert covered in nuts and caramel with a dollop of ice cream on either side of the banana. Well played kitchen staff, well played.I happily play into stereotypes for a good laugh.Cheers Emilio. See you Saturday.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,10/13/2013,68,249,4,6,5>The place is a pub. Nice amount of seats both inside and outdoors. Two tv's at the bar.The hash brown casserole is worth a trip from anywhere...The plum sauce on the thick-ass pork chop was killer. Real plums. Really sweet. Decadant to say the least.Even the dinner roll was delicious with it's egg-washed top and garlicy essence. Freshly herbed butter killed the roll. They heated it up rightly so when it was served it was steaming fijcking hot!The broc and cheddar soup was especially yummy in my tummy. Yuh ME!If I am EVER in Oak Park again I will DEFINITELY revisit this joint.It's Irish from head to toe and even South Side Irish to boot.So get your Slainte on and bottoms up... theys even has da 60-minute IPA from DOGFISHHEAD... bottled... but still... as in... my butt was still in the seat 90 minutes later.They were setting up for a baby Christening so it's good for parties, yo.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/12/2013,92,360,3,7,4>I came here based on a suggestion from Yelp. Good thing, too; I would never have found them otherwise.This cafe is located near downtown, but off the beaten path a bit. The dining area is surprisingly large and open, though, and being able to browse books afterwards is nice. What I loved, though, was the food.I got a spinach turkey sandwich with fruits on the side. As it turns out they just serve Terra Chips if you want the chips, so I'll get those next time. And I don't think I've ever gotten a sandwich that was as well put together as this one. The dill cheese was my favorite part of the sandwich, and all of the flavors just went well together. I was eating in a bookstore but could easily have been eating on a farm.We also got the last piece of apple crumble pie, which was more or less half apples and half crumble, and 100% goodness. With crumbles that big, you know you're getting your daily serving of butter. But the apples weren't neglected either, with some soft bites and some crunchy apple bites -- definitely leave room for dessert.We will visit this place again.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,10/11/2013,38,95,3,10,4>Well, I figured it was about time that I wrote a review on this place since I have been going there for years and years.This place is located in a small strip mall on Lake and Rohlwing. I have to say that each and every time here, I have never had a meal that was below excellent. The food here is just delicious. I most always get pasta but I have had their specials too. Every time delicious. The bread with their house garlic butter would alone satisfy me but I know that there are lots and lots of good things to eat. The Linguine Del Gulfo (I think I spelled it right) is pretty incredible. All sorts of seafood on a perfect pasta and sauce. White clam linguine is some of the best you will have.This last visit, my wife had the spinach ravioli special which was just something else. The spinach was the pasta with a fluffy cheese stuffing in a delicious sauce that had some sage in it .I like going with her because she always lets me  try her food. ;)I also like that they provide some complimentary fruit at the end of dinner.So maybe you ask why am I only giving four stars instead of five? The prices. They are up there. They are dollars more than I believe they should be but I still go there anyway because it is so good. Their pour on the wine could be larger too, but so what? I get two glasses.I am glad I live fairly close by.Hands down, this is the best place for Italian food in the western suburbs. Really.Cheers to All
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,10/10/2013,8,48,3,8,2>We had a wonderful night.  The room was clean and the pool suite was amazing.  I would expect nothing less for the $460 we spent to be there on a Saturday night.  The pool was heated, the shower/steam room was luxurious and I would absolutely stay there again.  That being said....there were things that needed to be addressed.First, $460 to stay in Woodridge IL is pretty darn pricey.  I would never spend an extra $100 just to be there on a Saturday again.  There were no plates or silverware in the room.  For that price, it should be stocked with more than a few Styrofoam and plastic cups.  Included in that price was the $30 extra we spent to add their "Birthday Package".  This included a bottle of champagne (pretty good), 2 Champagne Lodge glasses, a small birthday cake (more than enough for two) and rose petals on the bed.  With this came two small Styrofoam plates and plastic forks and knives.  There was not a tool even big enough to cut the cake.  We managed...but again...for the price we paid it just seemed cheap.The rose petals were fake.  All I could think about was how many beds these petals had been spread on before ours and how many couples probably hadn't moved them off of the bed before....well....you know.  Gross.  This should have been mentioned on the website.  They should have said "faux rose petals" or something more honest.  All in all, we still had an amazing time.  There was mood lighting, Sirius radio throughout the whole suite, a huge TV in the room and another in the pool room.  We spent more time in the pool than we did in the room.  I give it four stars because the Champagne Lodge deserves it but they should address these issues.  PS:  The ladies behind the desk were super nice and courteous.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/9/2013,101,611,7,9,10>Blissful Banana is one of those businesses that has been on my 'bookmark' list for ages, but I've never actually been in the area at the right time to make it happen. I'm happy to report that I'm able to check it off my list and boy, did it live up to my expectations!I started with a Gorilla Coffee, which is an iced coffee w/ smashed banana and mocha. So. Freaking. Good. I can't believe I never thought of smashing bananas and putting them in my coffee before, but you can bet that I'm going to make that creation every day now. There's a small part of me that wishes I would have foregone the coffee, so I could have ordered the frozen banana dessert, but it's a perfect excuse to come back soon to try it.First off, I didn't really know that this was a sit-down type of place (I thought it was more of a grab and go), so I felt somewhat awkward in the fact that I was sans dining companion and was alone, but the waitress made me feel really at home and 100% less awkward. Although the menu had 3-4 items that I was equally intrigued by, I went with the Idalia panini because I have a major love affair with pork. It was pork, ham, cheese, pickles, mustard and mayo. I don't really know how to descriptively explain this because I lost all brain power as soon as it hit my tongue. It was that wonderful. What brought me here in the first place was the fact that they offer a lot of gluten-free options, but I didn't even end up ordering GF. Oh well.My waitress was so great and kept checking back on me. It took me an obscenely long time to finish the panini because I just got my braces adjusted and this wasn't exactly an easy item to devour with sore teeth. She didn't rush me at all and just wanted to make sure that I didn't need anything. Fabulous!I've already told at least 3-4 of my friends about this place and I was trying to see if I had an excuse to be in Orland Park again tomorrow to come back. Sadly, I can't think of any good reason to justify the drive -- unless you count that blissful dessert. THAT alone justifies any commute.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/8/2013,826,1108,12,12,8>Frank's has major potential and I'm proud to have such a cool business in my town. Let's be real:  Plainfield doesn't have much even downtown and outside of downtown is a lot of chain eateries. I had the cheddarhead hot dog and the cajun fries.  The hot dog came covered in cheese sauce and cheese curds. The hot dog was good but not what I expected.  The cheese sauce was good, but I expected typical fried cheese curds.  These curds were hunks of warm cheese pre-fry.  Next time I would probably just get the cheese covered dog.The cajun fries were very good.  I liked the spicy aioli, and the fries were well seasoned.  The portion (just over $2) was big enough to share.I really wanted to try the salted caramel shake mentioned in a previous review.  I thought they did seasonal shakes, but it appears they do a "shake of the day." That day's shake was Oreo, so I just got a lemonade instead.My husband had the "Notorious PIG" and the chili dog.  Both looked good (the PIG is covered in bacon, jalapenos, pork and cheese).  He said both were good although he didn't seem impressed.  On his last visit, he had the "Deep South," his favorite so far.Service is...awkward.  The cashier did not say a word to us and we never heard her say hello to any customers.  She literally just stood there and stared at us.  When she dropped off our food, she just showed us the tray and asked, "is this yours?"  How should I know?  I've never eaten here and they're all covered in cheese.I don't think it was intentional; something tells me she is family or it's her first job - or both.  I don't need you to kiss my feet, but some kind of signal (lights? smoke signals? any language, really) that you are ready for me to order or you can SEE me standing there would help.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/7/2013,58,209,2,4,3>I am a fairly active person and I workout 4-5 days a week at Lifetime.  I was never sure what kind of workout/training shoes were right for my feet, so I spent a lot of money and made many shoe mistakes at places like Sports Authority and Dick's.  My left foot is always stiff in the mornings and after fighting through the pain for about 7-8 years, I finally gave in a visited a podiatrist who worked with me and sent me to Naperville Running Store.  When a doctor sends you to a shoe place, you assume it's pretty good so my sister and I set-off to find out what this place was all about.My sis and I were both in the need of new shoes so the poor girl who worked with us, had not just one customer but two of us to please at the same time.  My sister doesn't have any foot issues and found a pair of Brooks shoes that she loved very quickly.  $110 for the pair and she was in love.  I on the other hand tried on roughly every neutral pair of shoes they had in my size, plus a few stabilizing shoes.   I probably tried on 15 pairs in all, sounds ridiculous, but for me, this is less than average.  I usually wander around a larger sports stores for an hour plus trying to find a shoe that doesn't feel terrible... sad I know.  I finally chose a pair of Nike shoes for $130, they were the most comfortable pair I tried out of all the options presented and passed the treadmill test as well.  Yes, they have a treadmill available so that they can tape your foot and so you can see if the shoes you have are comfortable... awesome.Not only was the girl helping us very knowledgeable about feet and foot strides but she was patient with me as well.  I was getting frustrated that my darn feet are messed up, and she was persistent in trying to help me find the right pair.  I really appreciated that she was so friendly and helpful.   I would recommend this store to anyone with special shoes needs, this place is great!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/6/2013,180,420,4,7,5>When my wife saw this place on the yelp app she thought it was an Italian place.  "Let's check out Vinotie," she said.  After enjoying a good laugh, we decided to check it out.  Wow.  We really liked the place.It has nice decor with a balance of a homey feel.  At first we were a bit worried bringing our 15 month old, cause some times if she's feeling rowdy, we don't want to create a ruckus in the smaller restaurants.  It turns out there was nothing to fear. The staff was very friendly and enjoyed playing peekaboo with our daughter.  They took turns to make sure we were taken care of which is kind of nice.  It wasn't super busy but it wasn't quiet either.  It's nice when there is a team mentality so you don't have to look for your specific waiter/waitress.  Quite a lot of pickup orders came through while we were eating.  So that must be a good sign.We both got bubble smoothies (green tea and honey dew).  They were a little sweet, but the tapioca balls were very yummy.  Not like undercooked or anything like some places.  We also got the sampler of apps to try out some of their different apps.  They were pretty good overall.I got the kao soy and my wife got the Pad Thai.  They were both pretty good.  The Kee Mao was a little different than the one I usually get but it was still delicious and I was happy to have the option.  It isn't always available at many other Thai restaurants.  The Pad Thai was also pretty good in my opinion.  Believe it or not you can get bad Pad Thai.  The fresh sprigs of cilantro were delicious.Will definitely be back.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,10/5/2013,76,143,4,6,3>This store... THIS STORE!!!!!I spent at least an hour in here looking at EVERYTHING. Its vintage-preppy-masculine-clean makes me want to move in and never leave. The glassware is phenomenal, the candles are so wonderful and decidedly neutral (no frou frou here), and I almost bought a canoe. If you need a gift for a man, or a woman, or a boss, or anyone!!! The VOLUSPA CANDLES are fantastic. Chestnut & Vetiver is the best scent to ever enter my nasal canal. Second best is the "Library" scent from Y.B. Supply Co.I don't understand how this place can be compared to a certain other semi-local store. Yearbook's owners are friendly, funny, and have a fantastic and beautiful store. The other store can't even compare, especially after you take into account their rude and extremely inhospitable owner.Bottom line: Got a man in your life, or just prefer neutral or masculine items? Go here. You are welcome.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,10/4/2013,123,246,6,11,7>After my dismal experience with the last local Chinese place that I tried out, I decided to take Ali R.'s advice and order only from her suggested items. Apparently that was is they key to really enjoying the great food that a place has to offer and why we should all trust the suggestions of our fellow Yelpers even more.Located in a small, nondescript strip mall on the corner of Nerge and Plum Grove is this tiny restaurant that is family owned and very obviously family run.  The interior was notably clean and void of distracting or garish "traditional" decor that can sometimes scream lack of taste at some Chinese restaurants.  We were seated promptly and given time, without pressure, to get a good look at the menu. This is appreciated because too many restaurants theses days seem to pressure their patrons to quickly decide in order to turn the table over, especially during peak hours.From Ali R.'s suggestions, we chose the minced shrimp stuffed tofu and the house special pan fried noodles.  From the Americanized side of the menu we chose the ginger chicken just to get a feel for their version of that sub-genre of Chinese food.  Everything came out pretty much as we expected except for the shrimp stuffed tofu. Wow. I never knew such tasty hot triangular stuffed tofu pockets of shrimpy heaven even existed! This was our favorite by far and became an instant household favorite for us on future visits.  The pan fried noodles seemed fairly standard with three different meats cooked to perfection mingled with fresh veggies in a clear and savory sauce poured over partially crispy fried noodles. I guess the distinct lack of excess grease would be the main difference I noticed.The ginger chicken was what you would expect. Battered and deep fried pieces of chicken then tossed with the sauce of your choosing. There was no doubt that there was ginger in the sauce as the flavor was distinct but pleasant. The breading was notably less than your standard Americanized style which IMO tastes so much better. I was able to actually taste the chicken and realize that it was not overcooked--something I find happens much too often. I could also actually see the shape of the chicken pieces instead of guessing it was chicken that I was eating completely obscured by a blob of thick batter. Bravo. I bet their other Americanized dishes that use this style of chicken or other meat are just excellent because of this minimal breading method.We noticed a distinct difference between the Americanized dish and the traditional dishes we ordered: traditional dishes were not salty while the ginger chicken hung on the salty side.  The traditional dishes did not require rice as a neutral accompaniment but the ginger chicken begged for rice. As a person who absolutely abhors excess use of salt in cooking, I really appreciated that the cook allowed me to actually taste the delicate flavors of the dish without using salt as a crutch to deliver perceived flavor. For this reason alone I'd return to ND.So the lesson I learned is listen to a fellow Yelper who seems to be an expert diner at a particular restaurant. It's like having a friend along with you that knows what and how to order at a new restaurant.  Never judge a restaurant based on what YOU would order at every OTHER restaurant because those restaurants are NOT the same. I think I'm going to have to re-try other locations that I've written off after this valuable lesson.BTW, the service here is excellent. While we did not have special requests, other tables had plenty and the owners themselves were more than happy to accommodate in any way possible. Even going so far as to actually make a beginner set of chopsticks with the paper wrapper and a rubber band for someone who was not yet able to use chopsticks to eat. Customers were even calling the owners by their first names. I can see why so many have made this place their special go-to spot.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,10/3/2013,31,104,12,16,11>I've long dreaded reviewing this place. I've been coming here since it opened like twice a month but a part of me just doesn't want to review it. I don't want to, I don't want others to know but that's apparently already too late given the 45 minute waits for dinner on a Wednesday night. God this is painful to say but....this is my favorite restaurant. In my travels eating all over the place this restaurant in my opinion has reached the perfect balance of quality, taste, price, portion, service, and ambiance. God it love it so. Let me explain:I've had a history with Yu's Mandarin which used to be my favorite but as the rumors go, their head chef sold the place and quit. He waited a while and then opened up this place down the street with basically the same recipe's as Yu's but with slight improvements. Quality at Yu's declined over the years as it changed hands and now a lot of their formers followers moved to Chef Ping, I being one of them. I've eaten most of their menu but these are my favorites:Hot and Sour Soup: Unique to only YU's and Chef Ping, it tastes amazing and has that slow warming spiciness you get int he back of the throat with Szechuan flour peppers and white pepper. Not your average takeout hot and sour here. Mandarin Duck: Pretty much the only place to get it done right. These take like 3 days to make and the taste is impeccable. You probably won't find a better version of this anywhere else here or IN CHINA!Pork with Chinese Yellow Chives: Also hard to find in the burbs, Yellow chives are like regular chinese chives except not allowed to see sunlight so they turn yellow and has a very subtle taste to them similar to how they grow white asparagus. 8 Treasures: The ultimate smorgasbord of tastiness, they are fishball, sea cucumber, ham, chicken, tofu, squid, shrimp, and mushrooms. You can't go wrong with this dish. Steamed Flounder: Don't let the name fool you, theres more to this than a steamed fish, It comes on a giant platter with scallions and peppers and a wonderful sweetened soy sauce (See picture). Egg Yolk Crab: Pretty decadent, its a giant  dungeonous  crab cooked with the flavor of chinese salted duck yolks. Tastes like heaven, probably hell on your arteries. I could go on for another 2 pages but I'll spare you and let you explore for yourself. Being a new building, the place looks very nice with great lighting. Service is never slow and the kitchen cooks lightning fast. All the turnover ensures a fantastic fresh quality meal. In my opinion, this place is near perfect if not perfect. Definitely DO NOT take my word for it. Go and taste for yourself. I'll probably be the pissed off guy in the waiting area wishing no one else knew about this gem of a place so I can have it all to myself.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,10/2/2013,298,465,11,14,12>HAD to come back after the fabulous event last week!  Just couldn't stay away. =]Stopped in today right when they were opening (11AM.) to pick up some items for dinner tonight and get the kids a little ice cream treat.  This place looks like a diner, has the feel of a typical pizza place but the menu of a straight up FOODIE!  So many great options, it's hard to decide.  But while you do, you can play a little game of bowling on the Kinect. =]I was greeted by the chef and he is actually the one who took my order today!  Holla!  And PS...Chef...LOVEEEE the overalls look!  You don't need to cover up in a chef's jacket...this was much more you!  Loved it!I ordered the burger of the week, which is a beef braised burger, the adult mac & cheese with the buffalo Alfredo and the vegetarian goat thick crust pizza.  Of course, I got sides of the ghost pepper bbq sauce and the inferno mustard sauce for dipping.  What what!!  I definitely could not wait for dinner to try everything, so I took a few bites as soon as I got home.  The mac and cheese was amazing, the pizza (and CRUST) was to die and that burger (fratospizza.com/menu/bur…)...OMG...that burger...it was honestly one of the best burgers I have ever had.  Honestly.  It ranks up there with the big boys...like Kuma's.  Seriously.  The perfectly toasted pretzel roll, arugula, havarti, mayo, tomato, juicy meat and some of the best mushrooms...ever!  So rich and flavorful...I can't wait to have Fred try some when he gets home later!  The customer service was on point and the food was even better!!  Cannot wait to come back again and again and again...love you Frato's and shout out to Chef!  Holla!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,10/1/2013,59,151,2,7,3>I ate at Harvest Room last night on the recommendation of a friend and fellow yelper. Since eating here, I have already raved about this place to coworkers and it's not even noon the next day.Since becoming vegetarians, Dan and I have struggled to find places that offer us more options than pasta or pizza. So after looking at the menu for this place, it was immediately decided that we'd try this place and it was awesome. The best thing about this place is that their food is all from local sources. They have a map on the wall and actually can name their farms where they meat and veggies come from. That equals quality!!!Although I went there for the variety of vegetarian and vegan options (which beats out any local place), I commend them for their choices in meat. Their meat is grass fed and not from a factory farm. Don't know what a factory farm is? Google it and then you'll see why the food Harvest Room serves has a better quality.Another note, don't walk in wearing your pajamas! Dan and I felt a little under dressed in hoodies and yoga pants. They didn't turn us away but I'd dress a little nicer next time.So good that I'm actually going to review each dish that we ordered in details.Appetizer: Mediterranean DipThis is actually three different dips: Hummas, Feta, and whipped Goat Cheese, all served with warm pita bread. First of all, we ate this like it was going out of style. What was left of the dip, we took home with us... not because there was a lot left, but because we refused to waste any bit of it.Salad with our EntreeI love salads when they use leafy greens and not the white, watery stuff. This salad was good and the dressing was okay. It came with a warmed pretzel roll and really delicious butter. EntreeWe split the Seared Tofu Steak over the Quinoa with greens and pomegrante syrup. This was great. We only recently discovered that we loved quinos and I want to know the recipe of how The Harvest Room makes it!Also, I never tried Tofu from a restaurant, only make it at home. I did like the tofu but still prefer it cut up into small pieces. This dish had two big blocks of tofu but it tasted good.Because we split the Entree, we also added some sides. Let's just say we were able to take home a portion of everything. We got the skillet mac-n-cheese and the whipped potatoes. The whipped potatoes were delicious and I can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch.The mac-n-cheese? let's just say I wouldn't have broken up with Dan if he had eaten them all and I couldn't order more for myself. I was prepared with fork fight him off for them! They had such great flavor and a big side for $5.And fellow yelpers, they have breakfast too. I plan to return and have breakfast and I swear I'll update my review then.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/30/2013,771,552,6,12,12>I love Fridays. Mainly because I get to go to lunch and enjoy up and coming local places. This one in particular is definitely up and coming. My brother suggested I go and check out their wings, so of course I did. We walked in and for some reason expected a hostess but nobody said anything, so I asked if they were open. One of the owners/managers apologized and told us to sit wherever and immediately we had a waitress at our table. The menu is decent, as is their beer selection. Lots of craft beer, good prices too. The first time I visited we had the following: 12 Wing Appetizer - Whoa, these things were HUGE! Ginormous wings, not your typical Buffalo Wild Wings wings. Make sense? We got three flavors: Hot, Sweet & Hot and Parmesan garlic. My favorite was the Sweet & Hot. The Lombardian - Thick fried Wisconsin cheddar on top of 1/3 pound patty. Need I say more. Mmmm hmm."Bear Down" Burger - Bacon, Fried Onions, Cheese and whiskey BBQ sauce. All of the items hit the spot. For dessert, like we needed it right, the owner told us they were trying out a new dessert (creme brûlée) and gave it to us on the house. It was FANTASTIC!!! Who would have known that a dessert would be that good at a sports bar?Then, the awesome Chef - Rene - came out and asked about the food. You could tell she loves doing what she does and wanted to make sure we enjoyed every last bite.  Since my first visit I have gone back several times, tried more items on the menu and haven't been disappointed once. Lets not forget about Bacon Thursday, yup, exactly what it sounds like. All the menu items are made with......wait for it........wait.......BACON! youtube.com/watch?v=-Uqs… Hey we're only human right. Lol here's their Thursday bacon menu: otlombard.com/Thursday_B…I don't understand why some of the reviews are on here. Blasting businesses is not nice. Overtime has decent prices and would be the perfect place to catch a game. Plus they offer free taxi's on Friday and Saturday if you live in the area. Um....HELLOOOO how could you go wrong with that. They really care for their patrons. They always have awesome deals going during the week and weekends. Check out their Facebook page (facebook.com/otlombard?r…) for them. Karaoke, trivia, good food, good drinks, yea, can't go wrong.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/29/2013,414,227,5,11,7>Really? I can only give five stars to this amazing hospital? Well, okay...but please know they're worthy of at least ten. Or maybe more, even.Let me start by saying that I am entirely hospital-phobic in a big way. Even for the happiest of occasions, I'm still...eh at best. My son was born at Palos seven years ago and the experience was, well, passable. Having an OB with privilege at both Palos & Christ, my husband and I decided to go to Christ for our daughter's birth this past February. Y'know, try something new & all that. In short? Best.decision.ever.Since my son was born via "C", we decided to take the same path with our little girl. Start to finish, my time at Christ was awesome. Forgetting for a moment that the experience brought one of the most amazing little girls I've ever known into my life, the staff was top notch from start to finish. What I remember most about my prior birth experience at Palos was that I felt like an inconvenience if I asked for anything (& believe me, I'm not the type to call the nurses' station unless I *really* need something). At Christ, all of my nurses were so on the ball that I barely needed to ask for anything--they were always one step ahead of me. They treated me with respect and didn't push their own--or anyone else's--agenda on me. We kept our daughter in room with us for our entire two day stay, and the feature of an extra bed in our private room awarded my husband a reasonably comfortable place to rest. They made sure my dietary preferences were respected when I was finally able to eat again, and one of my nurses even moved heaven & earth to find me a portable fan when the heater went seemingly awry & threatened to sweat me out of the room. Check out was as painless as check in, and I was almost sad to be leaving so many rock awesome people. Almost, but not quite. (Like I said, I really do hate hospitals.)Lastly, I need to give a shout out to the amazing anesthesiologist who took such good care of me during my c-section. I believe her name was Dr. Major. She was incredible. I was a mix of anxiety and SO much elated excitement and she helped make my actual section surgical experience so great. Actually, the whole OR team was fantastic. Seriously, I can't say enough about the amazing staff in L&D at Christ. Best of the best, guaranteed.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/28/2013,66,166,6,8,6>Man, Elena's is so awesome at what they do, it makes me want to go back and revise a few things down a star in comparison. I'd been here once a long time ago, but for some reason kept forgetting about it, even though it's super nearby. That's mostly because its hours just don't jibe with when I'm usually thinking about needing some delicious Italian deli sandwiches, salads, and home cooking. Luckily, I stopped by for a sandwich and a salad the other day, since my SO had a day off and it seemed like a nice thing to share. When you go into Elena's, there's a nice little display case with some Italian cookies and freshly made food sitting in it. There are also a couple of little tables, and some cute homey decorations that make you instantly feel like this is a place that cares about what they do. Elena's does a lot of catering business, but they also have a little menu on a chalkboard behind the display cases. If you have trouble reading it, they also have paper menus available over by the register. They offer several sub, panini, and salad options -- and if you want to change what's on the menu? They're happy to accommodate you. At first, this might be a little intimidating. If you know what you want, however, you'll be fine.For example, my SO really wanted a roast beef sandwich. He also loves grilled and roasted veggies (minus onion) and pesto. I saw the cold grilled veggie sandwich with pesto on the menu, and asked if they could add roast beef. The woman (Elena? Not sure. I should have asked -- she was so sweet!) smiled and said, "Of course!" Not only did she add roast beef -- she sliced it fresh right then and there. RIGHT THEN AND THERE, PEOPLE. She also let me add grilled eggplant to the sandwich. I ordered a large sub (subs come in 6" or 10" sizes) , which automatically comes with a bag of chips. My SO was so happy with his sandwich, he ate it very slowly -- something he never does. He also asked why we'd never had Elena's food before. Another first: he couldn't finish the sandwich in one sitting. He ate it for lunch AND dinner. As for me, I ordered an antipasto salad for myself. I, too, didn't have room for dinner. That was a DELIGHTFUL salad. Homemade balsamic vinaigrette was perfect. Quality of the cured Italian meats in the sandwich couldn't be nicer -- and mmm, beautiful kalamata olives with perfect brininess! Of special note: in both the salad and the sandwich, the tomatoes were bursting with ripeness -- something which alone can win my heart over. I even said to the woman preparing my food, "Thank you for using ripe tomatoes!" She responded, "I only like them when they're ripe, too." That? That's someone who cares. That's who you want preparing your food. The bottom line? Even something as seemingly simple as salads and sandwiches is greatly affected by the quality of the ingredients used. Elena's takes such pride in what they're doing that you can't ask for better. This will become a go-to place for us, I'm sure. So they're not open for dinner? We'll just have to plan better so we can enjoy their deliciousness more often. :9
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,9/27/2013,758,308,7,10,7>I've tried several items from here, all via their drive-thru, and I haven't had a bad experience. Always fast service. Good prices.Items that I've tried:chicken kabob value meal ($3.49) - chicken was seasoned and not dry. I opted for rice pilaf and potatoes rather than a salad or fries. The rice pilaf and potatoes were simply good, nothing complicated flavorwise.shrimp kabob value meal (4.59) - good, but the chicken is better. The salad was satisfying with cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers. It comes with an Italian dressing if you don't mention a preference.chicken tender value meal ($4.29 with 20 oz drink) - great value. It might be a small meal though for my brother, but the portions work for me.I've also tried their pork and beef kabobs. The pork was good, but the beef wasn't tender.This place is a solid, straightforward lunch option if you're in the area. Also, the menu isn't complicated for newcomers, which is a bonus ;)
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,9/26/2013,288,400,3,3,2>Our regular go to breakfast joint was closed (it was 3pm) and we found Christy's by a recommendation of a family member and my need for steak and eggs, yes it was not a want, but a need. My craving steak and eggs were undeniable.Christy's is a spacious, clean, well lit diner with a retro early 50s counter that almost had me thinking twice before sitting at the booth. We were greeted and seated immediately. The menu is vast with many options for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.Our server was what we believe a newbie. He didn't know if the steak and eggs came with potatoes (had to go ask), brought out butter to our table before we even ordered (in the end we didn't need the butter, our toast came buttered), and awkwardly checks up on us, which is not big deal, I've worked in restaurants before it's hard being the new person/training.Scott opted for the chorizo omelette while I went with the skirt steak (medium rare, always!) and double yolk eggs and hasbrowns (yelp.com/biz_photos/chri…). The chorizo omelette was overwhelmed chorizo that didn't allow us to taste anything else, not even the eggs, most likely won't be ordering that again, but the steak and eggs? Egg-tastic! Steak-rific! The steak was cooked to perfection and tender. First time having double yolk eggs and I enjoyed them, how can I not? I love yolk. I even shared some of my steak with Scott and he enjoyed it too, actually I'm sure he was a bit jealous because his chorizo omelette wasn't satisfying.  We were asked by other servers, possibly the owner/host how everything was and our server did his best. Because of those awesome steak and eggs I'll definitely be back to try the rest of their menu.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,9/25/2013,436,333,8,13,7>This review is for their Sunday Champagne Brunch....Party of 10 today with an 11:00am reservation.   I had never been here before, but it was recommended by a friend.   The brunch doesn't start until 11:00, cost is $15.95 and includes a mimosa or champagne or soft-drink of choice.    I think this place has been around forever, just like the clientele that visits.  Don't let the 70+ crowd deter you from coming here.   The food was fabulous.I'm not a big breakfast person, and I'm guessing because the brunch starts so late, they don't offer a ton of breakfast items on the buffet.   The buffet was pretty big.   There were eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit and a make-your-own-something bar (maybe omelets or pancakes, didn't check it out).   There was a sirloin, ham, and turkey carving station.   I will say the chicken picatta was amazingly good. The chicken was not dry and the rice & sauce was perfect.   The mac & cheese was awesome.  Meatballs, sausage & peppers, a few types of fish, shrimp, a few other pasta dishes, oh - so much food!   The salad selection was poor, I think there was one lone green salad, tucked away in the corner.   Giant platter of fresh cut up fruit - all in season.   The dessert table had several pies, lemon squares, chocolate square things, cookies, and several other calorie laden items. The food was all fresh, great quality, and cooked perfectly.  We were there from 11:00 - 12:30 and it was not crowded - not sure when/if it ever fills up.   Service was great.   You can maneuver you way around the walkers, canes, and hover-rounds - and hit this place up on a Sunday - great quality for a great price.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/24/2013,160,525,4,9,11>I've never reviewed this place!? Crazy. This is absolutely one of my favorite bars! I should really start drinking daily so I can hang out here more. The service is always friendly! When I first started going in I was a little nervous. Some of the bars around here can be crappy to outsiders. I haven't had that problem at all here. The bartenders know craft beer and they are happy to chat about what they have that's new. The beer selection is pretty awesome. I'm not saying they have 40 taps, but the selection here gets the job done. They are always adding something new and are happy to make a suggestion. The food is awesome! Don't bother trying to watch calories here. It's almost impossible. They have some of the best burgers around. For a small fee you can add an appetizer on the side of your burger (onion rings, fried zucchini, etc). It's a decent size space but does fill up during games. They have a nice outdoor patio and a separate party room. I'm thinking my Summer may be spent on the patio here.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,9/23/2013,151,128,6,10,9>I'm not particularly spiritual, but I believe my home has a soul. It's a free standing structure that shelters me from wind, rain, snow, and sleet. The blistering summer sun, hailstones, and 50 MPH winds. It's been providing these services for us since we took ownership in 2005. And for the families before us, going back to 1922.I heard a thoughtful sentiment on the morning of January 5th, 2012. "The furnace is the heart of your home." I heard this from a sales rep from Perfect Home Services by the name of Jake. He was telling me this because, you see, my home suffered a massive and fatal heart attack the very night before.We arrived home around 1 AM from a small get together. The temperature in the house read 48 degrees. What could we do? Go to bed with a space heater and wake up 47 times during the night because I was so paranoid about the thing catching fire. Woke up Saturday morning freezing cold and wondering who to call. As luck would have it, my Angie's List deal of the day waiting in my inbox was from Perfect Home Services. How ironic. I called them up and long story short (but it will be long anyway), we received utterly fantastic service from them from start to finish. Jason, the repair tech, was out to our house within the hour. He took our ancient furnace apart and reported that it was indeed dead. The cost to repair? $2000. I stopped him and asked how much a new one would be, and he looked truly relieved because he said, and I quote, "I would feel so completely awful taking your money for something that will be 100% broken in a matter of months anyway." Jason is the goods. Honest, friendly, and respectful.Jason leaves, and Jake P. arrives about an hour later to help us choose our new furnace. Jake was also very honest, friendly, and patient with us while my husband and I ducked into the kitchen many times to have private whispered meetings about how much we could afford, etc. We finalize things, Jake leaves, and within two hours Ben and Woody show up to remove our old furnace and install the new one. At the risk of sounding like a broken record, these two gentlemen were also wonderfully polite, friendly, and respectful of our home. The job was gruesome, being an older home, and they completed it in as long as it took to complete it, if that makes sense. They didn't rush through it just to get it done. They were thorough, neat, clean, and astoundingly proficient. All of the people I've written about worked as an impressively cohesive team that made our experience with Perfect Home Services the most enjoyable we've had than with any other home project we've had to face since moving into our home. I would recommend them to ANYONE. I thank them a million times. And we are warm again. Being snug and warm in the winter is, well, perfect......
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/22/2013,850,1294,14,14,15>i-feel-like-im-committing-northwest-highway-robbery-every-time-i-set-foot-in-this-shop-the-pastries-are-so-good-and-the-prices-are-so-ridiculously-low-i-can-come-out-with-a-bag-of-goodies-having-only-spent-5their-paczki-are-to-die-for-i-typically-only-come-here-for-paczki-fest-because-its-better-for-my-wallet-and-my-waistline-however-if-i-find-myself-orbiting-the-area-i-really-gotta-be-careful-i-think-they-have-their-own-gravitational-pull-and-the-force-it-strong-with-this-onepaczki-offered-daily-typically-come-in-standard-flavors-custard-with-powdered-sugar-custard-with-chocolate-frosting-raspberry-with-powdered-sugar-and-lemon-with-granulated-sugar-youll-find-the-occasional-apricot-or-cherry-and-if-you-hold-off-until-paczki-fest-youll-have-your-choice-of-dozens-upon-dozens-of-traditional-fresh-fruit-and-gourmet-optionsi-can-also-vouch-for-their-kolacky-and-long-johns-they-are-melt-in-your-mouth-buttery-i-really-enjoy-the-maple-frosting-on-many-of-their-doughnuts-and-all-of-the-fruit-fillings-are-flavorful-without-being-overly-sweet-or-too-gooey-my-fiance-is-partial-to-their-rolls-and-says-they-remind-him-of-homei-highly-recommend-this-bakery-and-wish-i-could-speak-more-to-their-other-cookies-and-cakes-but-i-keep-going-with-what-i-know-and-im-trying-not-to-pass-the-200-lbs-mark-on-my-scale-i-fear-diving-into-their-other-desserts-might-be-the-end-of-me-these-are-addictive-so-proceed-with-caution
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,9/21/2013,216,123,14,16,15>The Minister's Cat is a Radioactive Cat!So what's the deal here? Well, you see, at the age of  15, my cat, Figaro, started losing masses of hair...weight was down,...he began spitting up repeatedly and became frighteningly lethargic. I rushed his adorable, furry booty to the vet where he was diagnosed with a growth on his thyroid that was leaving his bizness all out of whack.  If this wasn't addressed immediately, he was gonna die! (said that just like Rosanna Anna Danna) What were my options? 1.)  Surgical removal.  Any time you put an animal, or a person for that matter, under anesthesia you run the risk of heart failure, but this is especially of concern in senior pets.  No way I was gonna risk it..especially considering there was no way to ensure the growth wouldn't return. BOO.2.)  A drop that is applied to the ear. You just rub-a-dub dub and it aids in regulating the thyroid. But heyyyyy....the growth is still there and this is definitely not a long term solution. Still, it was an immediate and affordable option.3.)  A single injection of radioactive iodine to completely kill the growth. Expensive, but boasts an impressive success rate and immediate relief without surgery. Financing available upon credit approval. At the time, it was a grand, including tax.4.)  Put him "to sleep."  Ummm  NOWhat to do..what to do. *taps chin*  Okay, so I went for 2 as a starting point. Low and behold, his body rejected the topical meds and he began to churn out vomit like a Frat boy. A return visit to the vet left me with three other options.  I'll take what's behind door number 3, Monty!  Phoned Radiocat and my mind was put at ease when they told me they have done a number of senior kitties..some older than Figgy. All of my fears were put to rest; every question was answered professionally and thoroughly. My vet attested to their cleanliness and care and she is in no way affiliated with them . It was recommended by the facility that  I send something of comfort with him and so his obnoxiously-cushion-laden bed and a beloved, hideously garish, stuffed duck were packed up lovingly. Don't judge me. It was with great enthusiasm my fuzzy buddy and I embarked upon our long, howl and scowl journey toward Radiocat.   I was informed in advance  the items could not be returned because Figaro, himself, would be radioactive for a time and all items needed to be disposed of properly. A two day stay was required, one for treatment and another to let the radiation levels come down to where he could be handled. They permitted me to call and check on him as often as I liked and kept me informed of his activity and progress.  Apparently he dumped his dishes over, caterwauled  incessantly, overturned his bed...then clung to his duckie like nobody's business. Good times. When I picked him up, Figaro gave me the stinkeye while Radiocat gave me instructions on his post-procedure care.  Radioactive poop?  Seems legit.Short story long, Figaro is halfway to his 21st birthday these days. (His pic is in my photos)  You need only feast your eyes upon his magnificence to immediately  agree that  it was worth every precious penny.His thyroid is now a non issue. There have been no follow ups necessary for the condition and he's back to his spry, arrogant little self. "Don't touch my tail; you'll make it dirty."
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,9/20/2013,178,365,6,12,6>Who knew a bar/gastropub like this existed in Wheaton?  I'm going to be honest with you...I pretty much stopped looking at the menu after seeing DUCK POUTINE listed as one of the first appetizers, but it seemed like the rest of the menu had some inventive and delicious options too.  Yes, it's only one page, but it seems like it changes with the ingredients they get.  Either way, the food was good.  The beer menu though?  THAT is where it's at.  The menu is about 4 pages long and is broken up into categories of beer styles (and has the gravity, ibu, and abv for you!).  They have an excellent draft menu and their bottle list is even more impressive.  There are good local brews on there and a really nice variation of styles.  If you like beer, you WILL find something great on this list.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,9/19/2013,63,167,4,7,6>I stopped into Brixie's to take a break from some nostalgic arcade gaming down the street at Galloping Ghost.  It is within walking distance.It was about 5PM on a Saturday and the seats at the bar were already mostly full, but we were able to snag two free seats on the end. The place is pretty large with an open floor plan.   It is loosely divided into three sections, the bar, pool/pinball area, and a general table and stage area.  It has a bit of dive bar feel to it... not in a bad way, but just putting it out there.  Sitting at the bar I was disappointed by the stale smell of spilled beer.  I know that it does not need to be this way because I go to other bars that do not suffer from this smell.Monica, the bartender was very friendly and made us feel welcome right away.  Despite her friendliness, they still take your credit card to hold open a tab.  They don't just scan it, they literally hold it in a plastic bowl filled with everyone's credit cards.  I watched them sequentially search through this bowl many times during the hours that I was there in order to find someone's card.  I understand that Brixie's is a big place and it would be difficult to keep track of every customer, but I still don't like their system.A corollary to that involves the ordering of drinks.  I sat at the bar, but observed that there doesn't appear to be any table service.  This led to a never-ending stream of people coming to the bar to order drinks.  They would simply say the last name on the card to get those drinks put on their tab.  I wonder if anyone has ever scammed by saying a different name.Before we ever stepped inside, we had heard that the beer selection was great.  Once we were at the bar, we found that there was plenty of excellent choices on the menu to keep us happy.  (Maybe too many considering how much I drank!)  I am writing this review about a month after my visit, so although I took notes, all I wrote down was that the beer was great with plentiful choices, so I cannot name anything I had.  The selection and price (mentioned below) is what earned Brixie's four stars.The beer prices were very reasonable at Brixie's.  Many beers that I am familiar with were $1 less than at other places and they didn't use the smaller glass trick either.  I don't often visit Brookfield, so I don't know how the location fits into this "discount".The food was good.  I had heard about the burgers and the one I had was yummy along with the fries.  The mac and cheese was huge.  I got it with bacon and bell peppers.  Unfortunately it wasn't cheesy enough for me.  Brixie's needs to cut down on the huge portion and put more cheese in it.Overall I enjoyed my visit to Brixie's.  I had several interesting conversations with my fellow patrons at the bar.  The bartenders took good care of me.  The beer selection was very good.  I don't make it to the area very often, but the next time I am in the mood for some classic video games, I will definitely stop by Brixie's.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,9/18/2013,104,448,11,17,16>I've been searching for the perfect pizza in Frankfort since I moved here in '99 and I finally found it.  This pizza is the exact combination of sauce, fresh vegetables and thin crust that up to now has been alluding me.  I searched on Yelp tonight, found the great reviews and ordered right away.  I walked in to pick up our pizza and the owner said, "Cliff?  Dominic!" and shook my hand.  That is a great way to greet customers and let them know how dedicated you are to their satisfaction.  My wife is anxious to try the stuffed pizza and I am eager to have the ultra thin so we are already planning our next order.Dominic?  Cliff says welcome to Frankfort!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/17/2013,64,296,5,5,5>What a great find!I had known about Somsri for quite a while, and being a frequent Thai diner (Thipi in GE, Pad Thai Etc. in Wheaton), I knew that Somsri warranted a try, because variety is the spice of life.I can't say anything about the actual restaurant because my roommate (mom) picked up my order at about 815 on a Thursday night. It took 10 minutes from call to pickup. Very fast!I ordered Tom Yum Pork (a small bowl for 4.99) and the Pad Thai Chicken (8.99). The bowl of soup is a very good size. Same with the Pad Thai dish!As for the soup, very yummy. Not the best tom yum I've ever had, but certainly better than other ones I've had. Lots of fresh veggies, and surprisingly, lots of pork! A lot of Thai places skimp on protein, but not here!The Pad Thai chicken was excellent as well. Plenty of veggies and chicken! Seasoned well too; not sure what type of seasoning they used, but it was good enough that I licked the to go pan it came in. On the savory to sweet scale, I would say it was more towards the sweet side. Not too sweet, but very good.Somsri is very good, and it's fairly priced. It's nice to have another Thai option in the area. My favorite Thai of all time remains Thara Thai in Champaign, Illinois, but Somsri has a chance to become my favorite in the suburbs.One of the easiest barometers to use while judging a restaurant is if I will return. Would you like to know my answer? Contract Arnold Schwarzenegger for the answer.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/16/2013,104,234,7,6,7>I came here from a friend recommendation and it was extremely good. The place is well spaced and the service was phenomenal. This place actually sells both chinese food and japanese. From mongolian beef to authentic chinese pan fried noodles to sushi, this place hit the mark on the dishes we ordered. We ordered the Sun Shui roll, X-Mas roll, Hawaiian Rhapsody, Kani Roll, Crab Volcano Roll, and an order of chicken chow mein with pan fried noodles. You absolutely have to order the Crab Volcano roll! By far, one of the best rolls I've ever had. As explained by the menu, the Crab Volcano roll had Alaskan king crab and shoft shell crab, along with avocado and asparagus. Asparagus?!? yes, not only does it make your pee smell funny, but in a roll its awesome. The other rolls were also terrific and the chicken chow mein was nice and crispy. I told them "easy on the sauce" and this is the first asian restaurant that actually did so.BATHROOM REVIEW: The bathrooms are located near the front entrance, when you walk in it will be on your left. Inside the mens, I was pleasantly surprised about how clean it was. There were two stalls and two urinals. The faucets were super clean and the stalls were built tough. Sit or squat? Sit!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,9/15/2013,35,98,5,10,4>I have many tales of woe when it comes to finding the right place to get a haircut. I've been stylist hopping since high school which is too long ago to admit to. My recent adventures led my hair to resemble Darth Vader's Helmet. The force has just not been with me... that is until I heard about Effigy! Thanks to awesome Yelper's I got the 411 on who to try and where to go. Ya see I have curly hair that people say they know how to cut, but clearly they don't! So when I clicked on the link and saw the stylist Mallory with adorable curly hair, I knew it was a go! Effigy is a pretty cool place, and yes it IS connected to Flight 112! I also happened to come on the right day...Vinyl Wednesday. I mean come on, what salon does that? The not hip ones that's who! Anywho...everyone at the salon is really friendly. Isabel at the front desk was super nice and made me feel comfortable as soon as I walked in. But let me tell you about my haircut! Mallory is magical. End of story. She listened to what I wanted and understood how curls work, because she has them too, and best of all doesn't straighten them! But what I really was shocked about was how I looked immediately after my cut. Usually I have to put my hair in a ponytail and hightail it home so no one see's the frizzy birds nest I'm sporting. This has always just been a fact of life. But that wasn't the case! I looked like myself only better cause now I'm sporting a fancy new 'do. *insert hair flick*I will definitely be back to Effigy, and I will yell it from the rooftops how happy I am! I don't think you can go wrong with any stylist here, especially looking at the other reviews. If you're like me and have just been in a hair rut, give Effigy a try you won't be sorry you did.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/14/2013,131,300,13,12,10>Holy freaking' yum! Why did it take me so long to eat here, to eat THIS? It's been on my list of places to try since they opened, and considering I can walk there from my office, I should have done so long ago. But, I dunno. I didn't think I liked crepes. Most of the time they just taste like really thin scrambled eggs. And then there's that place in the French Market downtown that hands them to you all rolled up and hot and they're all hot and burn-y. Yeah, don't go there. GO HERE INSTEAD!Parking was a problem, as it usually is in downtown Elmhurst. I swear I would've walked from my office if I had actually been at my office, but I wasn't, so I didn't. I'm not lazy, I was at the gym, ok? Sheesh. And also, it was kind of monsooning at the time, so had I walked I would've been soaked and that's not fun for anyone.I entered and was bombarded with choices. Sweet, breakfast, savory. What to choose? It was lunchtime, so I went savory, and am I glad I did. I had the crepe of the month, or monthly special, or crepe du month, or whatever they call it. I call it tasty. It was the "Inside Out Boy," which to paraphrase, is this: "starting with an inside/out approach, we fry the egg on the crepe, then stuff it with mozz/prov, chicken, chorizo, spinach and chipotle mayo."My mouth has never been so happy in Elmhurst before. Seriously. The combination of ingredients just works so deliciously well. I loved every bite. I swear my friends were talking about interesting things and being funny and amusing, but I'm sure I must've been babbling as all I could think about was the deliciousness entering my palate. One friend shared a piece of her Kickin' Chicken, which was also really good, but not like this masterpiece. I hope they never get rid of it. (And I know you're all digital marketing gods because I see what you do on Facebook and your website and whatnot, so I'm sure you'll read this post. Niall, I'm looking at you).The Rock-It Slaw comes with all the savory selections too, and it was tasty. It's this funky combination of apples, celery, cilantro, lime juice and something else I couldn't identify. Oh, arugula. It was unique and different and kind of cleanses your palate as you eat. I just used "palate" twice in one review. I sound so food-snobby. Is there a Yelp badge for this? I wouldn't order it in and of itself, but I enjoyed it. Ok, in closing, I have two thoughts. First, I didn't think a crepe for lunch would fill me up. I'm a big dude with a healthy appetite, and figured this more snacky. But I was proven wrong. The crepe itself is large, and it's stuffed with so much mouthwatery goodness, you definitely get full. I think I may have forced the last few bites. But I don't regret it. Not one bit.Oh, and also, I wish they had a real soda fountain. They have a water dispenser and a fridge with bottled drinks, but sometimes you want a refill, man. Maybe they'll consider it in the future. That's all. I will be back. And probably soon because I'm likely to talk about this place incessantly until I return.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,9/13/2013,222,278,7,9,8>DOSSANTS! These are absolutely killer. I've tried nutela, cannoli, and banana. They were all pretty great. I think nutella might be my fav, but I love cannoli filling. It's too hard to decide!I've also had their cannoli, which to be completely honest, I didn't think they were that great. I grew up in an Italian household so I've had many cannoli in my time, and these just aren't stellar. The filling is good, although I don't think I'd ever pass up a cannoli filling. I think the shell is what I'm not crazy about. Anywho the dossants are amazing and you should definitely try them.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,9/12/2013,166,121,5,11,10>Finally dropped in to try this place out. Susan H., your review put this place on my "gotta try" list. I arrived with high expectations and left very satisfied with our meal, drinks and the service.  I had the camarones a la diabla which came with rice And salad. It was delicious, a good sized portion for a VERY reasonable price.  The wife ordered the pollo loco, which was a seasoned grilled chicken breast with rice, beans and a very tasty white cheese sauce.Drinks were reasonably priced and tasty. $6 for a good sized pina colada And $3 cantaritos. Next time I come to Finka I will come by a little later than 7pm.. It was empty early on, but on our way out, the bar was coming alive with patrons ready to dance the night away.I can't wait to come back on a non-lenten night so I can try one of the carne asada combo plates on the menu.  I think this place could become my new favorite Mexican spot in the South burbs.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,9/11/2013,55,78,7,10,9>I usually dislike bars. I am almost 22... Ewwww.... Growing older.... I hate Beer! Bigsby's changed my mentality with the first bottle lol. I love Bigby's! Tonight was my first visit too!Service:From the get go we were greeted by a cute Asian lady. She happened to be our Hostess and Waitress for the evening. As soon as we were greeted, she proceeded to tell us about all the different beers available. I don't know a damn thing about beer lol! I have always been a Vodka and fruity drinks fellow, but she was really informative! I felt like my hand was held the whole way till we were finally seated. She explained a few terms and explained what "Craft" beer was! I really appreciated that she wasn't pretentious at all. I always feel awkward and looked down upon at bars for not knowing a lot of slang or terminology. It meant a lot being taken care of... To me a bar was a place where manly men and pretentious Guidos liked to hang out. I was more of a rave and music festival person than a club or bar socialite during my wild child years. I still go wild in the summer though lol. But yeah, she was really attentive and friendly which I appreciated a lot! I always had crap expectations for bar and club service until now. Thank You hostess! I asked for her name, but I don't want to horribly misspell it on Yelp lol. Atmosphere:It does not look like much from the outside. My stomach kinda sank because I don't like disappointing friends when I take them to new places. BAAAAMMM!!!!! My perception and definition of what a bar environment was completely changed as soon as we walked in. It was neither too upscale or too trashy. It didn't feel like it catered to a specific crowd. It felt as though... If you wanted to try beer or consume beer... You were welcome. The entrance is decorated with unique bottles that help you discover what you came for. The hostess will explain how everything works if you say your new, and it really is very educational and welcoming at the same time having all those decorative bottles there. What's past the entrance? Well besides the standard bar, there are many things that catch the eye. There is a nifty wall of bottlecaps, board games, comfy couches, uniquely shaped beer taps, alluring pictures on the wall, and some things that I haven't even taken the time to observe! But point is, it is a great environment to drink, and it won't scare the ladies away. The place has a special charm and is very inviting. I also love that the music isn't too loud, and there is good variety. I loved hearing the Beatles and Stairway to Heaven. I got hype!Food:Now I have the lowest expectations for bar and club food after many stupid times that have gotten me sick. However I was pleasantly surprised. Food was pretty good, and I didn't get sick! It all went down pretty easy and it didn't destroy me later. My favorite was the Goat cheese dip with Pita Bread. It was warm with $1 refills on Pita bread! The Pita bread was damn good too! It wasn't stale or too chewy, and the dip was rather tasty. It felt like a smooth and zesty Saxophone player was dancing in my mouth. I also tried the apple dessert and the Muddy Pig. I felt the Muddy pig was overrated... Or my tongue might not be manly enough for all that Bacon and Chocolate lol. I really wanna try the pizzas next visit!Beer:Man... I hate Beer... And I don't even know how to describe beer sadly... But I will try my best! I had two beers that I thoroughly enjoyed! Which is a feat already! Considering I always hated beer! I first had the Dragon's Milk which I have Sarah S. to thank for! It tasted milky with a dash of caramel and was an opaque black color. It went down smooth with a little carbonation. I hate coffee, but it kinda tasted like coffee lol. I don't know how, but I enjoyed Dragon's Milk! It went well with my food as well. The last beer I tried out was the Three Philosophers. It didn't feel carbonated at all, and it reminded me more of Red wine than beer! It kinda had a hint of cherries and had an amber color. This one went down even smoother that the Dragon's Milk, and tasted sweeter and fruitier. Anyway, that is my n00b reviews of the beers I had. I am no beer expert, always hated beer, but I really enjoyed these drinks. If you hate beer, maybe Bigsby's will change your mind too. Maybe I have never had good beer?I will definitely come here again! I wish I could have gone here for my 21st Birthday... I feel that me and my bros are definitely going to enjoy coming here from time to time. I think.... I am going to go ahead and recommend taking a girl here as well... If she is into that sorta stuff. Even if she isn't a bar person, this place won't dampen her mood like most bars will. It is also quiet enough to have audible bro talk or one on one talks. I mean this place changed my opinion of beer and bars all in the same day. Created a new standard for me too. Not to mention the awesome Hostess that took care of us? Gee Gee!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,9/10/2013,71,165,6,10,8>Hello baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaby!!  That's what I want to say every time I see this place.  The prices are fn' awesome!  I'm a total regular here and it is nowhere near my house but well worth the drive.  They have the best Banh Mi sandwiches ever, especially the lemongrass chicken.  Chicken so good, make you wanna slap somebody.  I'm also a 'friggin' dicted to their Thick Toast Dessert and the smoothies with green apple jelly added.  You could literally order old blended buttermilk but when you at the green apple jelly to it, it will become a winner.  We also love the Korean BBQ skewers, they are a tasty but damn addictive.  You can also BYOB here, although I've yet to bring anything since I have to drive home afterwards.  I would give them 5 stars but the service isn't exactly service with s smile every time.  It's not bad service but it sometimes seems that the Waitstaff would rather be anywhere else but serving our table.  Don't sleep on the Pho either, because it's banging, my favorite is the Brisket Pho, it's so tasty and although I'm a total Banh Mi who-re I do love a good bowl of soup. If you decide to check them out, be sure to bring a big appetite and sample a few things, you can thank me later. Dinner for the family is usually about 50 including tax and tip.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,9/9/2013,149,479,8,11,9>A 24 hour donut place that is open in the suburbs and is not Dunkin Donuts?!  Yes, please!You must order the apple fritter!  It is the quintessential breakfast pastry since it is so large and filling.  You can definitely eat one fritter and be stuffed.  First, you can see the swirls of cinnamon baked into the dough and you can taste it as well.  Second, it is filled generously with small squares of apple filling.  Third, it is covered with a sugar glaze, which adds another sweet touch to the fritter.  Be warned as it is a bit messy so you'll want a lot of napkins to get rid of the stickiness.I also sampled their red velvet and buttermilk old fashioned donuts, but in all honesty, they totally paled in comparison to the fritter.  Also, the cake donuts were not as dense or as large as other cake donuts I've eaten.  The red velvet was OK, but needed more red velvet flavor.  I was not a fan of the buttermilk at all and did not enjoy the glaze they put on it.The inside definitely screams diner and dive.  There is a long bar and stools you can sit on to enjoy your treats.  I also saw a menu for other items like soup and chili, but I wasn't sure if you can actually order then.  Then again, why would you order something like that at a place called County Donuts??My only gripe would be the service.  The woman working behind the counter was not friendly at all.  She didn't say hi or even so much as smile at us.  She looked absolutely annoyed to be working on a Friday afternoon after the 4th of July.  Hopefully this is not a reflect of the service from all their employees.Despite the less then perfect service, I definitely would come back and order the fritter.  It was by far the best fritter I have ever had in my life.  Unfortunately, County Donuts is a bit far from home so I'd have to make sure to have other things planned to do around the area to make the trip and the calories consumed worth it.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,9/8/2013,488,512,18,9,4>i paid $6 + change for an infant sized turkey sub.It had everything in it and fed my family of 13 for 14 days straight.it was a miracle sub.My 13 month infant now stands 6 feets tall and can slam dunk on his old lady mama.My 33 year old virgin daughter gave birth to twins who look nothing like us and cry with a french african accent.My 4 albino quadruplets now sport 1 foot high afros and pop and lock to Miley Cyrus tunes all day long. this is miracle meat.at least it felt like this in my belly.when you hongry. this place is like an oasis on a dark dessert highway.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,9/7/2013,89,133,11,8,7>Sometimes I get these super late night cravings for Mexican food, specifically tacos. However being a student and working retail means I'm living the broke life. That's why when I get these insatiable late night taco cravings, I hop in my car and come here. They have some of the best $.99 tacos ever! They have them available at night, might be available during the day but I'm unsure since I only come here at night. (Also may only be available on weekends, since that's when I typically come here. Ill update when I find out for sure.)Since its the winter they've moved the $.99 taco operation inside since its buck ass frosty outside. During the summer, at night you'll see their taco stand out there churning out those bad boys out to the long line of customers. I always get the tacos de al pastor. Holy flavor explosion batman, they're so good. I haven't tried anything else on their menu besides the Horchata, which is good too but you can't go wrong with Horchata. It's like pizza, even when it's bad, it's good. If you find yourself driving on High st and see St. Joseph Catholic Church be sure to look across the street and stop here for a taco. Because who needs Taco Bell when you can have an authentic taco for $.99. Suck it Taco Smell, suck it!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,9/6/2013,107,399,4,8,4>E+O is more than just a dining experience, it is an entire culinary adventure. E+O food achieves a wonderful balance of flavors and textures that delight the palate. The careful design of each dish in taste, smell, and view shows careful consideration of a complete dining experience. It's hard to describe a general theme to the food -- sophisticated yet simple, creative but playful, a perfect harmony of earth and ocean.This restaurant is a truly enjoyable experience on every level,not just the food. The decor is simple yet elegant. The washroom is impeccably clean. The service is excellent from the valet staff opening the door before you even notice you've reached it, to getting a wide variety of quality food suggestions from the wait staff. The attention to these little things, in addition to excellent food, make E+O a winning combination.Here are some highlights from my experienceCoffee: Lavazza coffee, made to be strong and full of body yet smooth and not bitter. This complemented the rest of my meal perfectly and was refilled often to keep it warm.Clam Chowder Soup: Made with manila clams, leeks, bacon, and potatoes. This is a bit saltier than your normal soup, but it certainly packs a lot of flavor. Imagine mixing a loaded baked potato soup with fresh clams and then adding some crispy croutons for texture contrast. If you love the idea of mixing bacon and potatoes together, you will love this soup.Island style tuna poke: WOW WOW WOW... this is amazing on so many levels I think it's an injustice to try to describe it. Imagine a super crispy wonton wafer with fresh tuna on top of it that's slightly chilled. Now add some chili oil to give it a kick which is cooled by creamy avocado. That's essentially the story of this dish and it's better to just experience it rather than try to explain it.Crispy chicken thigh sandwich: What do you get when you mix beer battered chicken thigh with miso aioli, house made pickles, topped with crunch red cabbage all housed within a fluffy brioche roll? You get this delicious sandwich, served with your choice of a colorful salad or delicious handcut fries. The amazing thing about this sandwich is how simple it sounds, but how sophisticated it tastes. The entire dish walks you through a ton of textures that you're sure to remember.E+O Angus burger: Do you know how you know a burger is really good? If you are too busy eating other food that you let it get cold and you still love it! The burger is complimented by french dressing, american cheese, and spicy pickled jalapeno all housed within a brioche roll. As with any burger, the star of the dish is the patty which is cooked exactly to perfection -- juicy yet packed with condensed flavor. Burgers are a sign of pure chef skill and this one did not disappoint.Pappardelle - This contains shortrib ragu, sour cream, and noodles that match texture of the meat. It's hearty yet light. The noodles are bouncy but bold. The sauce doesn't overpower the rest of the dish. So far this is the best interpretation of this dish I've had in the last year.Malaysian pork and shrimp fried rice: This dish is beautiful to look at and a delight to taste. It contains a variety of textures from the crispy egg to the slightly sticky rice. The spiciness was perfect -- strong but not lingering, just enough to know it's there but not enough to make the diner drink multiple glasses of water.Churritos: Crispy dough with a custard center, decorated with flower petals and served with a chocolate / pistachio fondue. This is a lighter way to end your meal with a set of little bites and a chocolate sauce that is delicate but creamy.Baked ricotta cheese parfait: This looks simple but don't be fooled. The  calculation is perfect when you mix all the elements together so the blueberries and ricotta heighten each others' flavor.Just writing this review makes me excited to try this restaurant again soon. I had an amazing experience today and I'm sure this is just the start of many more to come.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,9/5/2013,1096,1134,9,11,8>I made reservations for 7:15 on a Friday night to give this place a second shot. We were seated in the bar next to the fireplace in one of the shorty tables with thick cushioned chairs. Made for a cozy night. We also had a shot at the TVs so we could keep up with the Hawks and their winning streak! Johnathon was our server and he kept us satisfied the whole evening. On the money, polite and knew his business. I started with the Ruffino pinot, that didn't last thru his next visit. We started with 6 west coast Rockefeller's and the famous smoking jumbo shrimp cocktail. Oh! I also switched to Crawford sb on our servers suggestion, which was a much better choice. The oysters Roc came out in short order. They were smokin hot and delicious!! Meaty, with just enough cheese and spinach that left them flavorful but not overpowering. I've had the shrimp before and was looking forward to them. I thought we ordered two, one for each of us as I explained to Johnathan that I didn't want to share any of my food. No big deal as we kept covering the table for the duration. This was my only disappointment of the evening. One of the shrimp was Irish! It was like almost half the size of the others? And the sauce that was supposed to be thick and spicy with the horseradish, was watered down and weak! I kept dipping the shrimp into it to try to get it to stick. To no avail! Our server came back with another glass of that fine wine and we placed out entrees. Not before they brought out a Caesar salad. Wow! This is one of the best that I have had. The first anchovie I bit into didn't have much flavor. Then I got the second and the party in my mouth had begun! The croutons added nothing to texture of the salad as they were too large and flavorless. They should be an option delete for future meals. I had a taste for some comfort food and the beef bourguignon hit the spot! Button mushroom and chunks of meat in a thick brown gravy over a pile of mashed that made me do the happy dance. It came in a bowl, so Johnathan was a bit surprised that I wiped it clean with their oven fresh and crusty, soft in the middle loaves of bread. I finished the night off with a big hunk of cheese cake and a glass of Belle Meiomi. Fine dining brought to a comfortable level of outstanding service and pleasant atmosphere!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,9/4/2013,30,38,9,23,10>Everyone,My own imposed rules for any Entertainment Venue review:1. Must visit at least three times.   2. Ratings are based on a 10 point scale with 5 being average, which does not mean bad.  What a score of 5 means is that the category meets expectations for that establishments format. Thanks.Cascade Drive InLocation/Layout - 7.5/10:  Cascade is located on route 64 just East of route 59, directly across from Sonny Acres.  The area is remote enough to allow for a great outdoor movie experience but still located on a major thoroughfare which adds to the ease of getting to the location.  There is ample parking on a crushed gravel lot; SUVs, Trucks and Vans must remain at row five or back (which coincidently is the concession row) in order to not impede the viewing of other patrons in cars.  The projection room/washrooms/concessions are centrally located and easily accessible.  There was once upon a time a play area with swings and such in a grassy area directly in front and under the screen.  This area has now been converted to the "barbecue area", which consists of two tables and a grill that looks like it was reclaimed from a forest preserve.  The main use of the grassy area is to allow your dogs to get out of the car if you brought them and to go to the bathroom.  The screen itself is huge and creates a great movie watching experience.  Sound can be gotten through either the hanging speakers or via your cars radio.Service - 6/10: Service is always good throughout the venue but you usually only interact with them at the ticket booth and in the concession area.  There are security guards driving around in a golf cart to make sure that it remains family friendly and that people are not up to too much shenanigans.  They are fairly friendly and will assist if needed.Food - 5/10: Cascade also runs a full service concession stand which includes all your movie theater standards from popcorn, fountain drinks, candy, pretzels and nachos to hot items such as dogs, burgers, pizzas and frozen treats like ice cream novelties.   You are allowed to bring in food if you choose, as long as it is not Scooby's due to their over the top light display which can affect the quality of the movie experience especially during the fall season when the trees lose their leafs.  There is usually a special coupon available each week on their website for some treat from the stand but all items are fairly priced, especially when compared to other movie options.  I would suggest that you get something at the concession stand, even if you bring your drinks or main food, as concession sales are the main source of revenue and will greatly assist them in continuing to be around, because as many people are aware Drive Ins are closing and being lost at an alarming rate, and it would be a travesty to lose our last remaining theatre. Overall Experience - 9/10:  For me a Drive In as a form of entertainment venue is about as fun as it gets.  You can pack the car with whatever food, beverages and people you want which can include your dog.  Furthermore, you can choose to relax in your car or bring chairs, pillows, blankets, or even inflatable mattresses to enjoy your movies.  And the value is amazing because you get two first run movies for the price of one.  I have been going to Drive Ins since before I can remember and used to frequent both the Star View on the border of Elgin and Bartlett (prior to the format change) and Hi Lite 30 in Montgomery, both of which are now long gone.  Cascade is the last surviving location for the entire area and should be treasured.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/3/2013,50,98,6,9,8>I finally got my toasty cheese. After finding out about this truck on Yelp, I was determined to get a sandwich. I knew I wanted that Hanna Banana but when? I have been following them on facebook and see their schedule. My problem was, everytime they were in the area, I had to work.  Well, today, the cheesy gods shined upon me and I was at Woodfield the same day and time as Toasty Cheese.  They were set up in the Firestone parking lot and there were only a few people waiting when I got there.  I went to the order window with pride and ordered my Hanna Banana and a bottle of water.  Total was around seven dollars.  I waited around 10 minutes for my white box of deliciousness and as I was waiting, I noticed they gave out free bottle openers with the purchase of a glass bottle of pop.  Nice touch.  I heard my order number and couldn't wait to get to the car and try this sandwich out.First impression, this thing is huge.  I could definitely share it if I wanted to.  I see deep fried goodness and I dug in.  It was great.  Deep fried with nutella, banana puree, and marshmallow fluff.  I was in heaven.  I couldn't stop myself and before I knew it, half the sandwich was gone and I didn't even come up for air.  I took a quick sip of water and worked on the other half, my rationale, its better when its hot.  Well the second half kicked my butt and I had to leave a little.  I couldn't finish it, not that I didn't try.  Now I have to try all the other goodies on the menu and get my dad a hanna banana.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,9/2/2013,200,204,7,11,9>This past weekend being the start of spring break for my wife and a long weekend for me, we decided we were going to leave the kids with the sitter and go on a mini road trip for an extended weekend, as opposed to taking them with which is what we usually do.  Okay, so they're not really kids and this isn't a review for a sitter, but they might as well be.  We're very weary of where we let our doggies Poppy(a Shih Tzu) and Stanley(a terrier mix) stay.  The first choice would be my parents house, obviously, no fees and pick-up times of whenever we want.  A very close second place choice is Kountry Pet Resort.  Our dogs have stayed in other kennels in the area for no longer than 5 days at a time, but they're always happy to stay here, and they're always clean when we pick them up.  Other times at other places, our dogs come back needing a hose down.  Poppy normally has a white coat, and it should be white when we get him back, not gray, right?  The prices are reasonable and with two pets, we get 10% the rate of the smaller of the two.  They offer add-ons such as individual play time or a petting session if your pets are so inclined. When we drop them off, the staff are so friendly and Stanley just loves each and every one of the members here.  Poppy, not so much.  He's a little more cautious, but he eventually comes around.  For this stay we decided to let them get haircuts on the last day of their stay.  Dana, the groomer cut both of their coats and did an excellent job.  We like to keep Poppy's coat short, which for a Shih Tzu, can make them look like weird rats, but he looks great.  Stanley has a wire-coat and his hair pattern sometimes looks like a cross between Schnauzer and Boxer depending on his cut.  Dana expertly crafted his coat into a Boxer/Pit puppy look.  Thanks to Kountry Pet Resort for a relaxing long weekend without the doggies and to Dana for giving them such good haircuts!  We'll be back!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/1/2013,154,291,4,10,7>Don't know where to begin. But this place has it all! Drinks..great fresh food with plenty of vegan options...savory cupcakes..coffee...sweet cupcakes..even milkshakes!Went with a big group and we ordered a little of everything. The chicken salad was perfect...not heavy and it felt healthy. It came on a home made pretzel bun. It also had a side of fresh cut fries. Love love the fries. Great burgers and even had vegan periogies that smelled amazing! The best part about this place is that there is something for everyone..Overall really impressed! 5 star meal for a great neighborhood spot!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,8/31/2013,273,603,7,10,8>Owners, Jeff and Sarah, have a pretty cool thing going on here. I know nothing about Irish food, so you may want to take my review with a grain of salt. Anyhow, these owners are pretty sharp. They've hired Irish Chef Simon to handle their menu.  I think it's a pretty authentic take on Irish pub food. We stopped by the first time on a Sunday evening. It was almost right o'clock. And although they were open, the kitchen wasn't. So, we missed our first dining opportunity. Fast forward a week to a hungry moment. We pull out of the driveway and decide to try again. This time it's mid-afternoon on a Sunday and not only are they open, but so is the kitchen. When we walk in, there are three people at the bar. This was a sign to leave, but it was too late. So we seat ourselves at the bar and Joe, the bartender/server, appears with menus. We quickly learn that he knows all there is to know about this menu. So here's what we tried...corned beef and cabbage egg rolls, shepherds pie and a Guinness beef stew. Funny enough, neither of us are big corned beef and cabbage fans. So why order the egg rolls?  When in Rome...  Anyhow, we were split on these. I enjoyed these and their unique flavor with the bold dipping sauce. The hubby wasn't as impressed. He ate his half, but wasn't raving. He ate the shepherds pie for his meal. Again, he didn't love it, but did like it. He loved my Guinness beef stew though!  And so did I! It was loaded with tender chunks of beef, carrots, a rich sauce and their take on mashed potatoes. They actually load the mashed with leaks. There was a story behind this combo, but I honestly don't remember the reasoning. I liked the potatoes but didn't love them. Now, the Irish brown bread that was served with the shepherds pie was really great when paired with butter!  Overall it was a really nice experience and we will go again. I'm glad we didn't let the strip mall location and limited number of guests deter us!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,8/30/2013,287,787,11,14,11>I hate mornings.  I am a bona fide grouch in the morning. Yep, Oscar the Grouch is my favorite sesame street character and he is totally misunderstood. I think you know where I'm getting at. Can a doughnut make a self-proclaimed morning grouch happy and ready to start the day? You better believe it. Their shop is cute and sunny.  I love the cute little bird houses decorating the walls. Service is friendly and upbeat and they really convey their passion for producing a delicious product. They have a small breakfast menu, but I was there for the doughnuts.Don't worry if the pastry case looks a little empty, you can see the racks of freshly baked and iced doughnuts right inside the kitchen door ready to be boxed up. And people WILL order boxes and boxes.  The lady in front of me started with just a dozen but then her order ballooned up to 2 and a half dozen. All the doughnuts look to be cake doughnuts, but they aren't heavy or greasy at all. They are light and cakey and didn't leave me feeling like there was lead in my stomach. The icing is good too, creamy and not grainy. I bought a half a dozen to share--Maple Bacon, Peanut Butter, Vanilla and Cinnamon doughnuts were the ones I chose--And I can't say there was a bad one in the bunch. My favorite is the Vanilla, probably because it's iced with cream cheese frosting. All had great flavor and goes so well with your morning coffee or afternoon tea.  I'm still going to be a grouch in the morning but if you have to deal with me early, remember this tip--bring me a SMC doughnut!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,8/29/2013,149,73,9,7,8>Tucked out of the way in a kinda industrial area is an old school Italian place that I have managed to drive past for years without stopping. All that has changed.Wow. This place is a total time-warp. A definate "Good Fellows" vibe. And I love it!You really do feel as if you are back in the 70's from both the decor and the appearance of some of the staff/patrons. And there ain't nothin' wrong with that.Lots of interesting hair colors and styles going on with the older staffers.But I digress. Let's talk about the Pizza. THE PIZZA!Thin crust and delicious, it melts in your mouth. A very good cheese/sauce ratio, and fresh tasting above all. Really one of the best pizzas in the area. And reasonable prices, to boot.Our waiter provided excellent service and our order appeared quite fast, even on a busy Friday night.I only wish we could have sat in a booth in the bar area, as I feel that would have provided a more "mobster" vibe. But we were told those booths were "reserved", and I didn't want to push my luck, if you know what I mean.As we left with happy stomachs, I kept looking around the parking lot to see if somebody might be loading a lumpy rolled rug into the back of a Cadillac.But much to my chagrin, I saw nothing of the sort.I'll still be back.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,8/28/2013,157,219,4,5,5>Holy crap. Err... I probably shouldn't use the word crap in the review for the best Chinese food I've ever had. We live a couple of blocks away from this gem...OH MAN!Before we officially moved into our new place, we ordered Chinese, brought it to our apartment, and had a romantic Chinese picnic on the floor with a bottle of wine to celebrate our first official home together. /end schmoopyThe potstickers melt in your mouth. The egg foo young is delicious. The fried rice is amazing. The crab rangoon is full of creamy cheesy crabby deliciousness. Whatever it is that the BF orders with beef and vegetables (it switches all the time but always beef and veggies) is always good. The shrimp with lobster sauce. The scallion pancakes. The list goes on and on. They make their own sweet and sour sauce and it is phenomenal. I crave it. I don't even care what I'm dipping in it...it's that good. I'm pleased to say that I will always order from this place. There's no need to venture outside my comfort zone in DG, because WOW. (OK, if the opportunity arises, I'll try to try other places. But I bet they won't be as good!)The service is excellent. The woman at the counter is always very sweet. She makes sure to give me extra hot mustard and chop sticks. Yelpers - when you're craving a good Chinese dinner...RUN, don't walk, to this place.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,8/27/2013,56,172,7,10,7>Pretty much every time I get my Johnnie's fix in Elmwood Park I drive west on North Ave. for a few minutes to go to Caputo. Their selection of cheeses is so vast that I have trouble leaving without spending at least $30 on cheese alone. Their prices on olive oil and other Italian pantry staples are good, and you know the quality will be there too.Don't let the name fool you. Besides the expected fresh mozzarella and delicious parmigiano reggiano and peccorino romano, you'll find cheeses from every notable cheese-producing country in Europe, as well as from the great state of Wisconsin and other domestic locales. If you've been relying on Whole Foods or TJs for your cheese fix, trust me, it's worth a drive to check Caputo's out.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,8/26/2013,53,125,3,6,4>Holy Heaven In The Western Suburbs!!!I never thought salad could taste so heavenly!!  This place is really great.  Their wood fire pizza's are creative and combine delicious flavors.  The pasta seems like its made fresh and the sauces are amazing.  We went with a group and had the cheese, sausage and raisin, and prosciutto pizzas and they were all awesome.  You have to try the house salad.  Even if you think you wont like the ingredients, put together they dance in your mouth!!!  We also had the rigatoni bolgnoese and they had a cabonara special.  We ordered everything on the desert menu and loved it all.  Especially the donuts with chocolate honey sauce and the pistachio gelato.  I cant wait to go back!!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,8/25/2013,54,226,3,5,4>I honestly have nothing bad to say about Baked Apple Breakfast Co. Our party of 4 was seated promptly on a busy Sunday morning, our waitress was extremely attentive and cheerful, the coffee was good, and, most importantly, the food was fantastic. And innovative, to boot. My Ranchero Benny took two poached eggs, put them on corn tortillas, dolloped on chorizo and poured chipotle hollandaise sauce on it. It worked. So hard.The wife's Company Special French Toast was a humongnormous slice of French Toast (or two slices??), filled with melted cream cheese and topped with baked apples. She is a petite person who doesn't eat more than half of any meal but she pretty  much swallowed that thing whole.Did Downers Grove need another breakfast specialty restaurant? I thought it didn't, but now I realize that Baked Apple is exactly what Downers Grove needed.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,8/24/2013,234,114,5,6,5>How soft are these pitas?? Thats what I though to myself as I walked to this placed called NAF NAF Grill. Honestly, they are as real as everyone described: clouds. I'd go even further to say that they are softer than a baby's behind with some baby powder on top. Inappropriate? Only if you make it that way.We had the hummus w/ falafel. Those little balls are amazing. The insides are smoother than other falafels I've had. These aren't as gritty; it's almost like they decided to include some potatoes in the mix.  With the hummus, they are out of this world!We also had the beef kifta patties which were moist and tender. None of that old, dried out material. It was spiced up just right. The basmati rice and homemade fries (aka potato chips) as side options were awesome too. But if I were to do it again, I'd probably opt for the israeli salad instead of the fries for the sake of keeping things from getting too heavy.Chicken shwarma in a pita was another hit that made this place stand out. There was so much going on in that little pouch that I almost fell off my seat. Let yourself loose and pour the included sauce all over it. So naughty. I saw someone at another eating a chicken shwarma plated with basmati rice and an israeli salad...almost got a damn nose bleed. I think that would be a good option to try next time too.This place is the craze. These guys got it going on. I wanted to go back in after getting in the car to leave.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,8/23/2013,73,240,3,13,7>Forget what you know about Brazilian steakhouses...until you've been here, you haven't experienced anything.I've read the reviews, heard all the good things, checked out the website, and couldn't wait to try it.  Though we've known about the place for a while, we waited until this past weekend to finally go.  My brother-in-law flew in from Texas (true meat-lovin Texan) and what better place to go?  I called the restaurant earlier in the week to make a reservation.  They take reservations for parties of 5 or more.  Pleasant service on the phone.  Good Start.The steakhouse is in a smaller, modest location in a busier neighborhood strip mall with plenty of parking.  Amazing hospitality began right when we walked in.  The owner/GM saw us approaching and personally opened the door for us.  We confirmed our reservation and he showed us to our seats.  A very nice and roomy table right in the middle of the restaurant, close to the bar, salad bar, and in the middle of all the servers offering the delicious selections of meat.  We had our two little ones with us (ages 3 and 5), and while we were a bit apprehensive about bringing them realized quickly that Brazil Express is truly fine casual dining, completely appropriate and accommodating to kids and larger families/groups. The GM ran through the drink menu with us (didn't try the caipirinha, but we will be back for that!), and started with wine and Brazilian beer.  All very good.  Kids had apple juice in kid-friendly cups.  We headed to the salad bar.  Very good selection of cheese, meats, cold salads, olives, etc.  The chicken salad is awesome.  Towards the end of the salad bar are the soups, rice, and tilapia (offering a nice alternative to the meats).  Other standouts are the shrimp ceviche and the asparagus soup (perfectly creamy and chock full of taste).And then came the meat.  Wow.  Wonderful selection of cuts and meats.  Flank steak, garlic steak, sirloin, filet mignon, chicken leg, pork tenderloin, chicken wrapped in bacon, sausage...the list goes on and on.  But what sets this place apart is the robust, amazing flavor to the meat.  We talked with one of the hostesses.  She told us that their only seasoning is sea salt.  Such an amazing flavor from such simple seasoning.  That's how you know this place is for real.  Our resident Texan admitted as well - this was GOOD stuff...and he's had plenty to compare to.We were full after dinner, but couldn't resist dessert.  Our hostess asked if we wanted to see the menu or the presentation tray.  We went with the visual and out came the tray.  They have a few desserts that are homemade especially in the restaurant, a couple others that are purchased and served (love that they're honest about it!).  We went with the homemade flan and the cheesecake.  Both were great, but that flan is AMAZING.  My mom makes flan as well (albeit, Filipino leche flan) and I've always compared any flan to hers (which is untouchable).  I have to say, Brazil Express' quite literally takes the cake.  It was the perfect consistency and flavor...flan heaven.  I paired it with their sweet chocolate martini...which was a dessert in and of itself.So...now that I've gone on and on.  The only other  thing I can say is that they need to expand....and I'm sure at some point, they will.  It is a smaller place, but it's popularity is evident.  Our reservation was for 4:45.  We left around 6:15pm.  From the minute we entered, it was like a trail of people coming in after us.  The restaurant was full by 530ish, and there was a wait by the time we left.  From what I observed, everyone was treated to the same welcoming hospitality that we were.I love this place.  I really do.  Props to the staff and owners here.  We've been to Texas de Brazil (several times, it used to be our go-to churrascaria), Fogo, Brazzaz, but Brazil Express is the new leader for us.  Just can't beat the service, hospitality, food and price!So if you don't know - now you know. Brazil Express is the only place to go!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,8/22/2013,65,419,4,5,4>Came in today for lunch - normally we go to Mitsuwa but at 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon, we'd've been fighting the crowds for pretty much everything.  So we came here instead.It looks like a regular small grocery store but most of the back corner is taken up by a "food court", which is really one place with quite a few options.  Ramen, sushi, soba, tempura, Japanese curry, and so on.  I had the plate of soba noodles with tofu with spicy sauce.  Nice portion size for $8 - a good-sized serving of soba with 4 big pieces of tofu (soft tofu, in case you have issues with the texture of the soft stuff) with a side salad and a little cup with some cold sauce in it.  Quite tasty and very filling.  Other folks had the somen, the miso ramen and the curry.  All pretty tasty - and if you're a fan of the Japanese curry, you can add a bowl of rice and curry for $1 to your order.As for the grocery portion, it's a lot smaller than Mitsuwa but I think they have pretty much the same items, just not 10 - 15 different kinds of everything.  There's a lot of fresh fish, all of which looked fantastic (and no fishy smell, which I prefer), a small produce section, bakery, personal and housewares, and random non-perishables.  Prices seem comparable.Nice little spot where you don't have to deal with the crowds and you can just zip in and out!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,8/21/2013,16,125,2,5,4>As someone who likes meat and loves cheese, I haven't dabbled too much in vegan cuisine. I recently found myself unable to eat dairy for a few weeks (sob!) so I decided that it would be the perfect opportunity to give Munch a try. I absolutely LOVED my vegan food. I got the vegan grilled portabella and eggplant sandwich, and it was seriously delicious. The bread was wonderful (my boyfriend even kept stealing bites of it.) The veggies and tofu were surprisingly hearty, and while it certainly didn't taste like meat, it didn't feel like I was eating dainty vegan food. The quinoa pilaf was also quite delicious. The piece de resistance, however, was the vegan peanut butter cookie dough shake! I've never had vegan ice cream before so I was a little skeptical, but it was as delicious and peanut buttery as any shake I've had. The boyfriend, who is a bit of a picky eater, also thought the shake was amazing.Even though my dairy-free days are now over, I will definitely come back to Munch to try some of their other offerings. Next time I have a hankering for a peanut butter shake, I know exactly where to go!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/20/2013,131,471,4,6,4>My family has a long-standing history with Veterinary Specialty Center: we've been here through the years with various cats and dogs of ours and for various near-death health situations. We brought my mom's dog, Brody, in a few weeks ago when I noticed his abdomen was protruding and, we soon found out, was filling with fluid. We had first gone to a 24-hour Emergency Vet, whose bedside manner left much to be desired, did a terrible job with diagnosis, and caused a slew of stressful (as well as potentially legal) situations with my mom, all the while doing NOTHING for us or for Brody.  We left and went to Veterinary Specialty Center, which we knew and whose expertise we trusted.Tammy B. at the front desk was welcoming and got us sorted out with registration very quickly.  Brody was seen promptly, where he was stabilized and testing began.  While we were waiting for word on Brody, Tammy ensured we were comfortable, asking us of we needed coffee and continually checking on us.  Her warm and upbeat demeanor helped alleviate some of the stress caused by Brody's illness as well as the stress incurred from the Emergency Vet.Dr. Matthew Schnabl, the ER vet, was very thorough with his exam and bloodwork on Brody, quickly discounting the "diagnosis" by the ER vet we had just seen.  He clearly had a lot on his plate, and he and his staff prioritized more critical patients (i.e. a seizing dog) while also trying to help alleviate some jitters being experienced by novice dog owners.  Everyone was very professional and, even though the novice dog owners were concerned over nothing, really, the staff weren't dismissive of the owners' concerns.  They also weren't rude towards the owners when they asked if their dog could be seen and stated they arrived before the seizing dog. (Clearly they misunderstood the purpose of an ER visit: it's not First Come/First Served; it's Most Critical/First Served.)  Still, the staff was very professional and very gracious...I'm also confident these owners left without a single charge.We were there for about 4.5 hours, leaving at 2:45am.  Brody was cared for and monitored consistently by the staff.  My mom and I received regular phone updates and test updates when available.  My only gripe was that, though Brody was under my account (to lessen the whole hassle of creating a new account when we first arrived), I asked that phone calls go to my mom on her number.  That wasn't always the case, so a few times I had to forward voicemails or ask them to call her, since (1) I was not paying for his treatment nor felt comfortable giving the "OK" for treatments, and (2) felt she should be most updated in terms of his care and, if needed, any other pertinent decision-making.  They were always very nice and apologetic, and always made sure my mom was the one to ultimately get the most detailed information.  They also helped my mom deal with the awful Emergency Vet experience, and quickly filled out paperwork for her and faxed it to the necessary location. I don't even want to know what Brody's bill was after the several days he was there (and back again), but it's clear that he was well cared for and received treatment from people who KNOW what they're doing (versus randomly guessing and hypothesizing without clear evidence or data).  I'm crossing my fingers he doesn't need to make a return trip!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/19/2013,58,179,9,11,9>One of my favorite things about my birthday is that I get to celebrate it with a cake from Fleckenstein's!  I switch it up from year to year, but I generally prefer a chocolate cake with either strawberries or chocolate in the middle.  I always have the whip cream frosting.  It is light and not too sweet.  Perfection!Fleckenstein's also has superb cupcakes - mostly of the filled variety.  The butter cookies are melt in your mouth delicious and if you get up early enough, make sure you get a donut.  The chocolate with chocolate frosting is my number one.  It seems impossible, but I do still have some menu items to try.  They have every bakery item you could ever want all at reasonable prices.  It makes it very hard to travel north on LaGrange road and not stop in.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,8/18/2013,45,228,2,5,3>They don't call me Beer-nice for nothing!  Okay, no one's ever called me that... BUT, if someone ever did, I'd be okay with it if I was patronizing the World of Beer.I personally recommend a flight if you can't decide on a particular beer (THERE'S SO MANY THERE!)  It's a great way to try a sampling of unique flavors.  I prefer stouts but you can mix and match different types.  I also really like the fact you can bring food or get food delivered (no delivery charge) from any of the surrounding eateries in the Freedom Commons.  Oh plus, their playlist is a mixture of 90's bliss!The only negative would probably be the parking situation.  It may be tough if you get there during the evening hours, but it'll be worth it for a good time with friends. Just carpool! :)So basically,  if  you appreciate trying new beer, want nice service by a versed wait staff, and need a hoppin' happy hour, you should check out WOB!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/16/2013,16,40,4,4,5>Outstanding service meets equally impressive lattes in an unassuming coffee shop.If you looked up "unassuming" in the dictionary, you would undoubtedly find a picture of Pilot Pete's. Everything from the location to the decor screams "this is morning commuter coffee, shut up and get out of my way!" While partly true, Pilot Pete's offers something other, more commercial coffee places no longer provide - a cup of hospitality. Here, every order feels important with warm, prompt service. Add this shot of mom and pop to one, dynamite latte, and you have yourself one hell of a coffee shop.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,8/15/2013,69,457,5,8,6>This was our first time at Hollywood Palms- we live closer to Hollywood Blvd but have wanted to check out the Palms for a long time. Wow! We were impressed with the decor- the lobby is huge with tall ceilings and a huge waterfall. It was really cool- so much to look at. We especially appreciated that they had separate clear lines for every movie- this is amazing! Maybe Hollywood Blvd has started doing this too but one of my least favorite things there is standing in a huge crowd with no clear line, people pushing, cutting,  crowding and rushing to get in, with no order to it- it is so frustrating. This was an easy and calm way to handle it- I really appreciated it.I had to get the sweet potato fries- it's been a while- they really are excellent. I also got the taco salad which was actually a little weird. I think they had just fried the taco shell and it was a little too brown and had puddles of grease/oil in the pockets of the shell- it was pretty gross at those points when it was dark and I had no idea I was taking a bite like that- yuck. They give you salsa on the side and I think it's super hot- just a tip in case you don't like things spicy. I don't think I'd get the taco salad again. Both theaters just updated their menu and made some excellent additions. My husband really liked his Cisco Kid spicy burger but said it was messy.We had excellent service yesterday- our server brought refills just on time and wasn't intrusive- we were impressed with that. I don't understand the bathrooms. They have one soap dispenser in a corner against the wall so you can only get to it if you use the far sink- otherwise it is too crowded to get to from the other sinks. The paper towel dispensers didn't seem to be working well either.  Not convenient.Overall, we loved the look and feel of this theater, we love the menu, and the service was great. If we can find another time when we don't mind the longer drive and the traffic on 59 we will definitely be back.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,8/14/2013,58,141,2,8,5>My first time here was for a Yelp Elite event, though I had heard of it, I had never been. A very good friend of my boyfriend and I actually performs at this restaurant once a month under the alias "Michael St. Angel". He's a very talented Elvis impersonator, whom the boyfriend took my mom and I to see one night over a yummy asian dinner and some bomb a$$ drinks! This restaurant really has it all; great food at a reasonable price, a creatively decorated atmosphere, friendly and accurate service, and powerful, tasty drinks. Let me take you on a quick review journey through Chef Shangri-La...The food- The veggie eggrolls are adorable in size and scrumptious in flavor. They're a must have! Additionally, I HIGHLY recommend the Mongolian Beef, Teriyaki Beef Tenderloin, and Mango Chicken (OMG, this is a must!!). It's guaranteed anything you order here will be absolutely delicious and very fresh! The drinks- With a vast selection of 28 tropical drinks to choose from I'd recommend pretty much all of them. They're guaranteed to kick you on your a$$, but they're delicious so you won't even know it until you stand up to leave. The atmosphere- Loooooove the tiki theme throughout the restaurant. You can even purchase a Hawaiian shirt upon entering the restaurant, how cool is that?? There's a tiki bar attached to the restaurant where you can move the party to once your done eating. And considering the abundant decorations, the restaurant is spotless. No cobwebs hanging on the lamps, no dust on the knick-knacks or plants. I thought that was impressive! There's also a little pond in the restaurant, how many places can say that?? Totally cute. The service- Accurate. Timely. Friendly. You almost feel like family or close friends when you're enjoying a night out at Chef Shangri-La. The owners are great and very active in their restaurant. They get bonus points for being so interactive with customers and the staff, you don't see that much at restaurants today. Overall- This is a very unique restaurant that's sure to please your taste buds. Come with friends and/or family- the larger the group the better! Don't miss out on this hidden gem!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,8/13/2013,59,825,1,7,5>Great place with superb staff.  My toddler lives for this place.  Seriously, he's been bugging me all day to go, and his Gym Tots class is this evening, and he takes two classes a week!I like how the classes are set up at this level.  I feel like my wee one is learning much, especially compared to other athletic programs.  It keeps him interested too, with warm up and specific instruction at the beginning of the class, then an obstacle-course, then an open exploration of the gym and equipment, then fun in the block pit.  So there is always something new and he knows that he will get to play on everything he wants to at some point in class.The place is well organized.  Everyone seems to know what's going on and how to help.I'm sure it will be even better in Fall 2013 when they move to their new place on Lake Street.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,8/12/2013,60,239,3,10,6>This is going to be an easy 5-star review to write.Located on a side street just off of Arlington Heights road with west facing windows onto a cute plaza, it offers a great view of the Arlington Heights restaurant area.  Carlos & Carlos specializes in Northern Italian Food and the preparations are terrific.Bread was brought to our table along with homemade herb butter along with a minced relish of green olives and garlic in EVO.  This was a delicious spread to sample with bread.  I asked our waiter, Edwardo, what this "relish" was called.  I can't for the life of me remember the Italian name.  Ten minutes later, he brought us a small bit of ratatouille to try while mentioning "I thought you might enjoy this."  This was the first of what turned out to be top-flight treatment from Edwardo.  We began with the grilled calamari as an appetizer.  This is not the typical calamari prepared with olive oil and a few spices.  Oh no -- large pieces of calamari with capers, olives and  onions in a just-a-bit spicy red sauce.  I loved it although my wife thought it was a little too spicy for her.  Grilled calamari is a favorite of ours but I have never had such a creative preparation.Next came two small stainless steel cups with blueberry sorbet to cleanse our palates from the spicy calamari.  This was an unexpected and classy touch.We next split the Caprese salad which was very good.  No surprises here, just a solid execution of a traditional Italian salad.My wife ordered the Grigliata Di Mare which is grilled tilapia, scallops, shrimp, red & green bell peppers, tomatoes, and garlic over pasta.  When we saw the size of the sea scallops, our eyes virtually popped out of our collective heads.  My wife loved the dish and still had some to take home.  Once again, the care in preparation was evident as the fish, scallops and shrimp were of the right firmness and not overcooked.I ordered one of the daily specials; Spaghetti in meat sauce with meat balls.  Anyone that knows me, knows that this is my "acid test" for a new Italian restaurant.  (Although my wife thinks I'm a goof for ordering "plain old pasta & meat sauce", I view it as a way of measuring the chef's craft.  Bottom line; if you can't prepare a decent marinara or bolognese sauce, how can I trust you to do the "fancy" dishes properly?)  I asked Edwardo if I could get this dish with penne pasta instead of spaghetti.  I tend to be quite a slob when it comes to pasta.  I figure penne or mostaciolli limits the collateral damage.  I was brought a large bowl with my pasta and meatballs.  The meatballs were prepared with veal and filet mignon and were fantastic.  The bolognese sauce, however, was the star of the show.  It was not oily or runny and clung to the penne as if they were young lovers.  The bits of meat were not pulverized and overcooked as is commonly the case in most Italian restaurants but little BB's that had their own individual flavor.  The sauce was not overly acidic OR sweet, just beautifully balanced.  After 3 fork fills I whispered to my wife, "I think this is as good or even better than XXX"  Her jaw dropped in my reference to our favorite "old skool" Italian restaurant in the city.We were too stuffed to order dessert although Edwardo tried to tempt us by showing us all of the attractive desserts.We had a leisurely meal and all of the courses were perfectly paced.  Edwardo was attentive without being obtrusive.  This was our first time dining at Carlos & Carlos but it won't be our last.  This has become a destination restaurant for us.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/11/2013,160,353,5,8,4>To Pho opened on Algonquin Road in Schaumburg a few months ago.  Shortly after it opened, I ordered takeout from there - had their Bun Ca Ri Ga (Curry Chicken Noodle Soup).  And, it was wonderful.  At the same time, I ordered one of their Bahn Mi sandwiches - their house special, to take to work for lunch the next day,Over the past month, I have not really been well so have not gone out too much.  When my wife suggested we get out of the house for dinner, the thought was wonderful.  It was my pick, so I chose here - this time, we would eat at the restaurant.The location To Pho is in has changed hands many times over the years.  It was Palmers for a long time, then another place moved their from down the road which did not last.  If I remember right, there were two or three other restaurants there prior to Palmers,  I sincerely hope that To Pho lasts.This time, I ordered a rice vermicelli dish called "Bun Thom & Thit Nuong".  This was a mixture of rice vermicelli, shrimp and pork,carrots, daikon, lettuce, cilantro, bean sprouts and crushed peanuts served with a fish sauce.  To be honest, it was a little bland for me.  But, I added a shot of plum sauce and a shot of sriracha and the meal came to life.  Kerrie got a barbeque pork Bahn Mi, and Jon got a different version of what I got.  The service was great - local owners who have a vested interest in succeeding are usually great.  And, they lived up to the expectationsInside it is nothing fancy.  It looks like they simply took down the Italian poster from the prior owner and added a few from Vietnam.  Inside it simply looks like a diner, but who cares?  Unless you want something really fancy and all you care about is great food, that's what matters.Before leaving, remembering how good to Bahn Mi sandwiches were, I ordered a couple to go.  I got another house special, and this time I also got a barbeque pork.  I don't think I mentioned - the sandwiches are served on the most wonderful french bread rolls.  Because of the French occupation of "Indochine" prior to the Vietnam War, there is a heavy french influence on the Vietnamese foods.  The sandwiches are large (about the size of a good sub sandwich), on much better bread, have great vegetables included jalapenos.  And, they are $4 each.I'll tell you, you cannot find a $4 sub anywhere in our area 1/2 as good.So, kudos to the owners and to the chef.  If you are in the area, stop in and enjoy.  It will be worth your trip.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/10/2013,158,280,5,5,5>I pledge my allegiance to La Placita, forgoing other Mexican joints in favor of this awesome joint.  My husband and I wanted to try a new place and came on in. We actually drove past it and had to double back. Worth it.This place is cleaner than most establishments, but it doesn't have much in the way of ambiance.  The chips and salsa were delicious and set the tone for an awesome meal. The salsa was amazing.My husband and I opted to share two entrees - he got the chicken enchiladas in suiza sauce and I got the La Placita Especial, which was described as steak fajitas. It turned out to be a thin, deliciously seasoned and tender steak topped with two fried eggs, served along side rice, beans and corn tortillas. Everything was delicious, well-seasoned and filling.I'll definitely be back!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/9/2013,25,58,4,9,7>I'll start off by saying, the food is 5 stars, easy.  They lose a star for service.  It would really be more of a half star ding, but alas, no go on Yelp.Another Wednesday date night with the hubs so off we went to try the new restaurant in town.  Sadly, this spot has been a revolving door of restaurants.  Hopefully, Davanti will get to stay.  If you are in Western Springs, PLEASE stop here so we can keep them around.  Yes, the city is cool and the suburbs are lame you damn hipsters, but give us some love once in awhile, will ya?The space is gorgeous.  Beautiful design here, even if the "stone" walls seem a bit fake and the chairs are "distressed" in a totally faux way.  It's leaps and bounds over what the space looked like before.The food...oh goodness, the food was heavenly.  I had been ogling the menu online all afternoon so I was prepared for what I wanted to try.  This is a total small plate, sharing kind of place so you can sample lots of things and not hurt the waistline too badly.  Hubby was a little overwhelmed with my bossiness when it came to ordering but he thanked me eventually.Lemme break it down for you:Starters -Truffle egg toast: a big square of a thick, perfectly toasted bread-like thing with fontina cheese in the middle, an egg yolk nestled on the top and thinly cut asparagus on the bottom.  Everything drizzled with truffle oil.  This was my least favorite thing that we had but mainly because I really can't stand the smell of truffle oil.  So, why did I order it?  No idea.  It looked luscious in the pictures and I figured the truffle oil wouldn't be a big deal.  Hubs ate most of it and loved it.Ricotta and honey comb with the most perfectly toasted, crunchy, yet tender, olive oily bread you will ever taste.  Seriously.  It comes served beautifully on a wooden plank with the jar of seasoned ricotta, the bread slices and a small piece of honeycomb (which I believe is locally sourced).  It was heaven.  I could have eaten the whole tray but carbs and I don't get along so even on "Cheat night" I try to behave.  This was probably the largest of the appetizers so it is good for a large group.roasted squash, with faro, hazelnuts, goat cheese and watercress:  This dish is beyond any words that I can use to describe.  Faro (or farro) is AMAZING.  It's a super grain with tons of protein and a low glycemic index so I was all over it.  The squash and the hazelnuts paired perfectly with it and the goat cheese.... are you kidding me?  Now, I'm a total whore for goat cheese but I usually eat it cold.  This was warm and gooey and just beyond delicious. This was hands down my fave of the night and will be hard to resist eating on a weekly basis. I was tempted to just another order and be done with it.Here's where the service got the dings.  We spent most of the night in a room in the back by ourselves, despite there being tables in the main room.  Not sure why.  Maybe we didn't look the part besides be dressed appropriately.  Our waitress was clearly working the other room so we did get slighted in service.  She came by, saw we were finished with the initial courses and then said she would be right back.  That was at least 10 minutes later and we still needed to order the other course.  We saw the water server and the food servers more than we ever saw her.  The water server actually took our dessert order. I was tempted to give him the tip.Heartier dishes we ordered:Creamy polenta and ragout of the day: today it was pork shoulder.  We ordered the small and wished we had done a large.  It is beyond perfection.  The polenta is mixed with marscapone and is a creamy spring of yumminess on your tongue.  The pork shoulder ragout was tender and had a perfect red wine reduction.  Hubs isn't a fan of tomato sauces (despite the fact he makes a MEAN bolognese) but loved this.  We were quickly having trouble picking our favorite.Last dish was the risotto carbonara:  I'm in for ANYTHING carbonara.  Again, it was a small plate, sharing portion so it's maybe 1 cup total.  And that is really perfect.  The risotto was cooked perfectly al dente, the cheese and butter and whatever else they used blended to make an amazing sauce to hold it all together.  The pecorino and the panchetta gave it a nice, salty bite.  Hubs said it was his least fave of the night but I loved it.  Creamy, salty and just delicious.Dessert was the carrot cake.  I relinquished to my man for dessert since I manhandled him over the meal choices.  He loves a good carrot cake.  This wasn't your typical carrot cake.  It was more of a trifle-type thing.  It was crumbled up carrot cake layered with a cinnamon based marscapone. Candied carrot strips were on top.  It was delicious but I'm not a huge carrot cake person so I had a couple of nibbles.I will hands-down be back and intend to eat as much faro as possible.  That is, until I find out how much butter, cream and other cheesy goodness is really in there.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,8/8/2013,50,171,7,10,12>Hidden in a Strip Mall in Hoffman Estates lies one gem of a traditional European style bakery.  Sure they don't have trendy mini desserts (there's nary a French macaron to be seen or any other petite desserts that grace the covers of all the haute magazines lately), but there's much to be said for a great traditional bakery, and Peterson's Tasty Delight is most definitely one such staple.Our original game plan when we got married was that we'd go back to the bakery where we got our wedding cake every year and have them recreate the top layer for us on our anniversary.  Well, I dropped the ball big time this year, which left me scrambling for a celebratory cake for our wedding anniversary (and of course I didn't even think about it until the night before).  I had planned to hit up another local bakery on my way home from work, but I flaked out and headed in the opposite direction. Well crap.Luckily I remembered passing a strip mall every day on my way home from work that had a "Bakery" sign nestled in the middle of the row of stores, and I figured something was better than nothing.  When I pulled up to the storefront, I have to admit that I noticed that it wasn't much to look at, and I wondered if I wouldn't be better just stopping at The Fresh Market or something for a cute fruit tart or raspberry mousse cake, but I figured I'd give them a shot anyways.  While the store is not much to look at, I will have to say that the bakery cases are filled to the brim with amazing looking treats like coffee cakes, muffins, breads, cookies, and the seasonally popular paczkis (that I have been craving since I saw them).  They're all reasonably priced, which is another plus.  They also have a rotating cake display right when you walk into the store - score.  I selected the smallest cake that they had (8") in my hungrier half's favorite flavor (chocolate), since I dropped the ball on the original plan, I figured the least I could do was get his favorite kind of cake and maybe he wouldn't notice.  The cake was just over $12 (including tax), which is a steal given how big the cake is.  Let me tell you, sheer willpower was (almost) not enough to keep me from eating the entire cake after that first bite!  The cake is moist and chocolatey, and the filling is pure whipped heaven.  I've been thinking about having another slice ever since I took the last bite, and I can guarantee you that cake doesn't stand a chance.For a little traditional bakery, Peterson's definitely competes with the more well-known area bakeries such as Deerfield and Jaroesch, no doubt.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other delightful treats that they offer...coffee cake, your days are numbered.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,8/7/2013,47,68,4,9,4>So! I saw a new sign for Middle Eastern fare and had to swing on in. This place has been a few different 'merican fast food joints...was it bozo's? and a few other obscure names...never seemed to have much success...but this nice change of pace prompted the missus and I to give 'er a go.Note: This place is small. There's a little counter and a couple of stools, not to mention a few picnic tables outside. But if its crappy out? Better get your stuff to go!I gots me a chicken shawarma meal, which came with fresh cut fries and a soda pop. My wife got a falafel meal, which came with hummus , veggies, and some pita. It was deeeelish, very fresh with that homemade taste. We can't wait to go back and try some of the other stuff.A cool twist with this menu is that they also have hot dogs, chili dogs, and maxwell st. polish. An awesome fusion, if you ask me.Also, it was very affordable. Fifteen bucks total, and thats AFTER we added buffalo blue cheese fries.Give 'er a go!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,8/6/2013,72,114,7,7,5>We were looking for a new chinese food place nearby after having some less than nice experiences at the ones we've tried. I had remembered someone talking about this place before, so we decided to try them out, AND they deliver to our house - score!The Egg Drop Soup and Hot and Sour Soup were awesome. I normally hate hot and sour soup, but there's something about babybaking that makes me just love the hell out of it. My daughter loved the egg drop soup and scarfed it.I was really surprised when we ordered the Chicken and Mixed vegetables and the sauce actually tasted like something. That's how I knew we had ordered from the place right by us for too long. Sauces are actually supposed to TASTE like things, craziness! The man got mongolian beef and he dug it, said it reheated well the next day too when he brought it for lunch. I was all about the Chicken Fried Rice and Crab Rangoon. The insides are cream cheesy, but they taste good, and the outside is golden, crispy, and goood.This place had better food than the place right by our house, and the prices were much better. We'll definitely be ordering from here again. I'm sure i'll be craving the hot and sour soup soon enough.Delivery was nice and speedy, too. Which is good, because I get ravenous and grumpy. You do not want to see a ravenous, angry pregnant irish woman. You just don't, man.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/5/2013,168,718,8,8,6>This is one of those places that you pass over and over and think to yourself "Oh, that would be nice to try" or "Why don't we ever go there?".  Then I got a coupon in the mail for 10% off of the entire bill, so I tucked that bad boy away for safekeeping.It was a bright and sunny Saturday morning in June.  For some odd reason, I could.not.sleep.for.the.life.of.me.  I couldn't even begin to tell you why because I was exhausted, but I decided that since I couldn't sleep, nobody could.  My hungry ass definitely woke my husband up by bouncing on the bed and asking him to take me to breakfast.Yes, I am five years old.  And bless his heart, he took me,.At 7 am.  What a guy.We were one of three tables in the joint.  It got busier as we left later, but nobody in their right mind wanted to be up that early, I guess.  Of the people that were there, though, they were obviously regulars.  The waitresses were joking around with each table "Don't you usually sit there?" and asking them about their families and generally caring about their customers.  It was a nice touch.For our meals, I noticed the Italian Sausage Skillet (or something like that) on their specials board.  It had Italian sausage and a lot of veggies, so it was right up my alley.  They were more than willing to make it with egg whites, too.  It came with toast or pancakes and hash browns.  These hash browns were more "shaved".  Read: Not shredded, but more like fried potato discs.  They were really good and cooked to my liking!My husband ordered the french toast and an extra side of bacon and had nothing but rave reviews about it.  We definitely loved both of our meals, and we had plenty of leftovers, too!  So basically, we got four meals out of two for the low price of about $20!  Note; I asked for my husband's coffee, to go, and it costs $1.10 including tax for the to-go cup.  Some restaurants have it for free, but this was the only downside.The waitresses were friendly, the place was clean, the food was good, and the prices were right.  I was definitely impressed with Checkers, and I can't wait to go back.  Maybe one day, I will be one of the "regulars" :)
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/4/2013,54,100,4,6,6>Wiley's is a little Gem tucked away near the wonderful Coyote Run Golf Course.The staff are wonderful, attentive, and personable. The place is very cozy, warm, and inviting as well as comfortable. They have TVs throughout playing different sport channels. The bar makes an AMAZING, and what I think is the BEST sour Amaretto I've ever had, and I've had many, it's my favorite drink. And an extra plus, it was served in a nice sized glass that wasn't packed to the rim with ice like all other places that serve this drink, usually in a tiny glass.Their pulled pork sliders are my favorite, there mouthwatering, flavorful , and the ultimate comfort food. (now I want one, lol). The chicken quesadillas  are yummy, salsa and chips are freshly made.They also have fried pickles, I've never had them before, I was very reluctant to try one but they were actually pretty darn good, kind of reminded me of fried green tomatoes.This is definitely a popular go spot for me.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/3/2013,317,838,6,10,6>I went out to dinner with my mom, grandma and boyfriend here on Sunday night.  My mom and grandma are huge fans of Salerno's in Mount Prospect and Rossini Di Lucca is owned by the same family.  I was excited to check out the restaurant after seeing how trendy it looked in the pictures... the cocktail menu sealed the deal for me!For an appetizer, we split a fried calamari.  It was cooked perfectly.  The portion was just as big as at Salerno's too and for the same price.  For my meal, I was craving something cheesy and starchy.  I settled on the Lobster Mac and Cheese based in a recommendation from the waitress.  I was impressed.  There was a lot of large chunks of fresh lobster in it.  The side of spinach was not as impressive.  The taste was good, but the spinach was frozen and a bit chewy.  Hopefully they will change this soon.Oh and I cannot forget the cocktails!  They have some delicious sounding drinks on the menu.  I had the mimosa which was great, but I thought the Strawberry Fizz was superb!Our waitress was very friendly and everyone seemed to know what was going on even though they just opened.  The restaurant was fairly crowded.  There seemed to be quite a few older people (like my grandma) and the wait staff was all very patient!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,8/2/2013,102,185,6,9,9>Oh my goodness!!  Soooo happy I found this place. Chicago Burgerwurks and I met through Yelp. I still remember how it happened....I had been craving a good burger for weeks! Nothing really sounded tempting and I didn't want to drive out of my way for a mediocre burger so I decided to sit and wait until something delicious came along. Today was the fateful day. I was status post working night shift and after a good 5 hours of sleep, the craving came. It was a burger I wanted. My weeks long search for a good burger had turned up empty so I was not at all expecting to find the gem I found today, the listing for Chicago Burgerwurks. I read some of the reviews and looked through the pictures. Before I knew it, I was salivating. I couldn't wait to get there. I loaded up the kids and we were on our way.  We were lucky enough to find the place open. (Read the hours) There was no line, the employees were friendly, the food came out quickly. Everything was delicious. I especially liked the Black N Bleu burger. Onion rings were huge. Will definitely be back for that pineapple burger soon.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,8/1/2013,344,146,4,4,6>Spring is a coming, followed by summer (AHHHH!), so strap on those gym shoes and head on over to Lake Arlington!  Keep your peepers open though,  because you may have to dodge some geese poop as you go around.  It just adds a little obstacle course to your routine!Soon as the weather is nice, people break out their roller blades, bikes, and gym shoes to enjoy the track that circles this man made lake.  It is approximately 2.4 miles around.  If you're just looking for somewhere to enjoy your lunch outside, there are tables set up, and plenty of spots to pop a squat and enjoy a little picnic.  I've even seen people laying out to sun bathe, but I'm gonna go ahead and tell you to save that for your backyard, the pool, beach, or elsewhere.  Also, there's a small man made beach, and there is a playground for the kiddies.  From May through September there is a concession stand open inside if you, like myself, get a bit parched after a 2 mile walk.  Oink.  Hey, some of these summer Chicago days can get pretty hot!  That, and I wait till it's nice out to start attempting a work out regimen again.  Bathrooms are inside, and you may also rent boats (sail, paddle, kayak, & canoes) to use on the lake.Sorry, but you have to leave the doggies at home, they are not allowed.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/31/2013,101,127,7,9,5>Ohhh Tsukasa. I love you. If only I had a bottomless wallet and a flawless metabolism, I'd eat you every day.This was my first visit to the Deer Park location and let me say, I didn't know it was possible to get better than Vernon Hills. But Deer Park takes the cake. It all comes down to food temperature. The tempura, the miso, and I dont know how, but even the food straight off the flat top was hotter than in VH. Crazy! And might I add, I am a boom-boom-fatty when it comes to the golden sauce and I always order extra for my fried rice. Our chef did something that made me turn to my sister and just about faint. He layered the sauce into the rice so I didnt have to go digging around to get the perfect bite. Every bite was the perfect bite. Heart attack heaven.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/30/2013,27,78,5,8,4>Do you like getting crazy drunk at a low price in a neat, tropical location? Then Hala Kahiki is the place for you! My friends go all the time and I was finally free on a night that they were planning to go. The drive was about 45 minutes away, and I started getting kind of nervous because it looked totally shady on the outside, like a little shack and I thought I was being deceived by my friends. Oh, how appearances can be deceiving! You walk in and the place is huge! Tropical music is playing, like Don Ho, Elvis, and a lot of instrumental tropical music. It's a little dark, but it's so nicely themed. There are palm trees, fruit lights, tiki torches, waterfalls, you name it! The waitresses wear leis and sarongs and they seem to love their jobs. The drink menu is enormous, bigger than the food menu at most restaurants and there is something for everyone. I started basic, with a strawberry margarita (my favorite drink!) with salt on the rim. The drink was HUGE! It tasted really good, not the best margarita, but delicious! My second drink was a Tiger Shark Martini, which is a watermelon-flavored martini with a gummy shark on the bottom. Tasted just like a watermelon Jolly Rancher! My third drink was a French Martini, pineapple, Chombard, and vodka. This one, I did not like. Very strong, too much alcohol in it. Three drinks was definitely strong enough to give me a nice buzz, we were all feeling pretty good. The servers bring you pretzels if you ask them, and they don't serve food except for chips and salsa. Overall, it was about $28/person for three people, which was not too bad for strong drinks with lots of alcohol. Very good service, GREAT atmosphere, excellent experience, AND it is within walking distance from Gene and Jude's hot dog stand, some delicious drunk (and sober) food if I've ever had any!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/29/2013,74,502,3,7,5>This store is super cool and to be honest, I never heard of it until recently.My bf used to come here all the time as a kid so we decided to stop by last weekend.I would say that the store is divided into 2 section, 1 being quirky ready to purchase items and the other being parts and gadgets for you to make a quirky item. I enjoyed the "ready to purchase" item section much more than the other. There were books, metal detectors, tons of science stuff (I even spied a dead frog shrink wrapped ready for dissection), tons of gifts for kids/pre-teens...just a lot of randomness.The "parts and gadgets" part of the store had boxes upon boxes of odds and ends. I think you could totally build a robot with all of this stuff!I think we spent about an hour and a half looking around at everything. I ended up purchasing birthday gifts which were a hit. If you plan on stopping by, check out their website first. There was a coupon that I failed to print out but will definitely do so before I go again.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/28/2013,54,85,3,3,4>If you want your butt  kicked, in a sore and good way, come here. The first time I came here I ran up the stairs. MISTAKE! I was so out of breath I was embarrassed. The steps are all different heights so be careful. It can get crowded, especially when the weather is warm but it's a great workout. You'll be amazed at how fast some people are and how beastly they can be! Don't knock the elderly, I've seen some ripped ones! Just know your limits though. One time I was there and they called an ambulance on a girl who got too dizzy so make sure to bring water and dress lightly. I've also been on the trail and it was SO MUDDY so of course my pup got covered in black dirt on his white fur. But we had a good 45 minute walk. Watch out for the horse poop. There were areas we saw people just stop and sit. Right now there's no greenery, but it's beautiful in the spring/summer.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,7/27/2013,42,56,7,12,8>Barternder (Bt): Welcome to Scratch. Can I get you a drink?Me: I saw on Facebook you have a $1 Miller Lite special today.Bt: We do. Is this your first time here?Me: Yeah.Bt: Did you come in because you saw that post on Facebook?Me: Yeah.Bt: Your first round's on me.Sure, it's only a $1, but still, what a great first impression! And it only got better from there.The meatless burger - truly amazing! A lot of places don't bother making a veggie burger from scratch. You usually get the frozen Morningstar Farms burger you already have sitting in your freezer at home--only you pay 5x the price for it. Not here! This burger is moist on the inside, slightly crispy on the outside and perfectly seasoned and cooked. I think about it sometimes. .... I dream about it.The beer selection is solid.The burgers my husband has had the couple of times we've been in, according to him, are worthy of a "gourmet burger" stamp. Unfortunately, I don't know if I'll ever try one. That veggie burger is so fantastic, I can't imagine ordering anything else.Sit at the bar, and here's why:1. You get to watch the chefs cook up and prepare the dishes. It's fun and interesting.2. You get to chat with whomever is behind the bar. They're pretty talkative and friendly guys over there.So why the 4 stars instead of 5? I don't like the no-changies-to-burgers policy. I mean, c'mon guys, this is Forest Park. Us folk like what we like, and if we want food-snobbery, we usually haul our asses into the city.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,7/26/2013,68,207,3,4,3>I had only previously stopped by here to pick up a couple bottles of beer (they have a great selection for such a small little place), but immediately found that the place was buzzing for late on a Saturday night. I thought this was just a small convenience store? False. This place is a heavenly organic grocery store with a great wine, beer, deli, meat, and overall food selection. In addition to that, you can take yummy food to go OR dine in their small dining area (I do mean small, it is not a restaurant, more like a small cafe within the grocery store). But they do have a bar and devoted waitstaff.I ate here for lunch yesterday with some coworkers. While sitting at the bar, I quickly realized that this place values the drinkers of the world. Copper cups were sitting behind the bar, which means they have some delicious ginger beverages available (ginger+copper=yum). They also had Goose Island Bourbon County Stout on draft, so they aren't messing around (even though it is slightly out of season now, this stout is nevertheless da bomb). They were also serving up drafts of something from Solemn Oath (local Naperville brewery) and Three Floyds. Good to know for the future...sadly I could not partake of any of these while out on a business lunch.I ordered a steak wrap, when I really wanted the grown up grilled cheese (my coworker got this...bacon, 3 kinds of cheese, tomato, OMG). But the wrap was good. Really good. I was full and not just on lettuce. I would've added a few more veggies if I were the chef, but whatever. The steak was delicious and cooked to the level I wanted (med-rare), and it was seasoned to perfection. I also ordered their french fries, which were really good (although a bit on the soggy side) AND came with truffle mayo. YUM. Very truffle-y though, so you don't need a ton. My other coworker ordered a bento box...rest assured, if you are going to order this and you find yourself wondering if you'll get enough food, don't panic. I was kinda wishing I ordered it, because it came with a great deal of tempura and teriyaki chicken. The cali roll was large as well, not skimpy.The servers here were really friendly and down to earth. They had a HUGE lunch crowd that day and you could tell they were a little overwhelmed, but never gave anyone attitude about it. I'll definitely be back...there were several things on the menu that I would love to try, and I just love the casual but trendy atmosphere of this place. A good place for foodies, in my opinion.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,7/25/2013,11,260,4,15,9>Love, love, love the All Chocolate Kitchen. If you haven't been yet, you are missing out!  Everything here, from the ice cream/gelato, to the delectable devil's food cake, to the golden hot chocolate (made with honey) is exquisite. Their chantilly cream is the best I have had outside of Europe, and their raspberry coulis is...perfection. Really.(I shouldn't say "everything" because there is one menu item that I can't get over: the linguette, which is very savory, but loaded with too much salt.)The restaurant is decorated with chocolate - what else? There is a large, perhaps 15-20 foot chocolate tree, complete with elves' doors, in the center of the room, and two chocolate creations in the fashion of an Neil Armstrong and a Chicago Blackhawks player at the entrance. Television screens broadcast Chef Roby breaking various Guinness book world records, including last year's largest candy cane. It truly is amazing to see art of this magnitude made entirely out of chocolate or sugar.And the staff is wonderful. Kit is our favorite, and we absolutely appreciate that he recognizes each and every time we walk in the door, always flashing us a big smile and a friendly, "welcome back." True, it may take a few minutes for your food and/or drinks to arrive at the table, but that's because this isn't Starbucks or your local Baskin Robbins - this is a quality restaurant, and the waitstaff takes their time in preparing your item so that it arrives at the table beautifully presented. Usually you can't get this kind of quality and care outside of Chicago, and I for one am ever so appreciative.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/24/2013,269,638,5,10,5>If nothing else, come here for some guacamole and horchata.  Especially the guacamole.  The guacamole calls to me in my dreams, beckoning me, tantalizing me, and holding me spellbound with its creamy, spicy goodness.  Yeah, it's that good.  Although during lunch hours they do not prepare it tableside, it is still delicious, and you get a giant stone bowl of it, which can easily feed four. (Not bad for about $9.)   Not a guac fan?  No worries, since they also present you with chips and a trio of salsas when you get seated.The smokey chipolte salsa was my favorite of the three.The rest of my meal was equally enticing.  I had the lunch portion of the Pechuga Xico, which was a large airline chicken breast, served with fried plantains, rice, and black beans (which were presented in an adorable little star-shaped tortilla bowl.)  The chicken was smothered in a dark, smooth, creamy, and absolutely decadent mole sauce.  The interior of the place is rather dark, but I got a kick out of the old Mexican wrestling masks adorning the back wall.  Service was pleasant, although a bit spotty as the meal went on.  The only negative I can point out, was the lack of bussed tables.  It was not very busy at the time, yet the two tables surrounding us were left unbussed.  I'm just not a big fan of staring at people's drying-out table scraps as I eat.  Price was well worth it.  For a beer, a horchata, giant bowl of guacamole, a lunch entree, and a Cuban sandwich, it ran about $40.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/23/2013,82,199,5,12,11>Now yelpers, I apologize for my dip in reviews lately, but I guess there's no time like a fitness center review to reveal that I've lost a total of 61 lbs and counting. Unfortunately that's come from a huge cutback on the eating and drinking out- and yelp reviews!On the plus side, I've been having A LOT of fun at the Rec Center lately. I joined in January after a few years of NOT being a member (I had been a member maybe 5 years back?); I had to stop because I was away at college. However, I think joining the DGPD rec center again was one of the best things I could do to boost my weight loss! For my single membership I paid I think $25.25/month and get access to a ton of machines and discounted prices on some services they offer like personal training and massages. I might even get to use their walking track, I've just never asked. They have a bunch of cardio machines and almost all of them have their own TV which is nice when you have a horrible attention span like I do (seriously though...I listen to music, watch TV, and read the CC while I work out...it's a problem), a bunch of weight machines, free weights, and then little things that I don't really know what category they fall in to.Oh, and remember when I said I got a discount on some services they offered because I'm a member? Well, I've also been seeing a personal trainer through the park district which they make it a totally reasonably priced service. I am so happy with everything; he helped me pump the weight loss up after I was plateaued for awhile and is helping me get ready for some runs I'm training for. I just can't say enough good things about the rec center!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,7/22/2013,172,185,9,24,14>I've been a Pita Inn fan & will continue to be.   I've been to all of the Pita Inns, I even remember when the original Skokie location was smaller than it is now (bec they later expanded into the store property next door).     When I moved to mount prospect, I was glad to find out that there was a Pita Inn in Wheeling.   Since I work in Cook county, I venture to the Glenview/Nies location.   But when I moved near to Mundelein with my husband, I always hoped that there was a Pita Inn within the Lake County area.  I would even tell the crew at the Wheeling location, "Please open up a Pita Inn in Lake county!"   So you have NO idea HOW happy I was when I found out that Pita Inn was opening up in Mundelein.  I went to the official grand opening today & it was packed!   Pita Inn has that kind of following.   Who cannot like middle eastern food & great prices?  I ordered Kefta Kabob, & the meat was tender & cooked medium-well (which is what I like). The art work was more hip (better than the Niles location).   I even loved their water wall at the entrance--nice touch.   A definite plus is a vast amount of parking.   Since this used to be a Krispee Creme, they changed it to stand out like Pita Inn.   They also set up an outside eating area for warmer seasons.  On top of that, this Pita Inn offers a mini store, so if you want to sample some Mediterranean products --- you can.  Can't wait to go back & have their other dishes.Guess 'wishes' do come true (wink).
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,7/21/2013,29,196,5,9,8>I used to ONLY want donuts from Dunkin in the past. And then this Country Donuts location opened right down the street from us. Now, our first time in was more of a convenience thing.But we immediately became hooked and I haven't had a Dunkin donut in FOREVER.We've grabbed donuts here often. And keep your eyes out on your money mailer coupon envelopes and such -- they often have coupons so you can get your delicious treats and save yourself some dough.Our favorites are the chocolate iced bavarian cream. Absolutely TO DIE FOR.My sister doesn't live in the area, but whenever she comes out to visit, her and her daughter make it a point to stop in and grab a dozen to take home.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,7/20/2013,32,141,2,4,2>This place is hidden in an alley off of Washington, just north of the Potbelly which, itself, is just north of the big Barnes & Noble on the corner. I stopped in here for the first time about a week ago and was overwhelmed at first. That was quickly taken care of when I was approached by one of the very friendly owners of the place (at least, he acted like the owner... could have just been a really happy and extremely helpful employee I guess). This place is an olive oil and balsamic vinegar lover's dream. They have dozens of containers with spigots lining the shelves, containing everything from bacon infused olive oil to 20-year old balsamic vinegar. There are little plastic cups for you to sample as many flavors as you want, and there are little bits of bread you can use to dip and taste. When you find something you like, you simply take an empty bottle from under the container, fill it up under the spigot, and take it up to the counter where they heat-seal the cap in place for you. From what I saw, all the flavors are the same price, the only difference in price being the size of the containers (I believe the prices were about $11 for the smaller bottles, and $19 for the larger bottles). I tried a bunch, including the very spicy habanero infused olive oil, but finally settled on the sun-dried tomato, garlic, and parmesan infused olive oil and a bottle of the 18-year balsamic. Earlier this evening I also had the pleasure of enjoying the red-pepper infused olive oil when my wife and I ate at Fiamme, just down the street (apparently the Twisted Olive provides this olive oil to the restaurant, which in turn gives a plug to the store... I thought that was a pretty cool way to operate, with the bonus that the red pepper olive oil was really damn tasty.I can't imagine going through all that much olive oil that quickly, but I would definitely go back here to refill when we run out.Also, walking past this evening I saw a sign that said there were wine tastings... yes please!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,7/19/2013,66,120,5,9,8>A friend of mine suggested we meet at Rosalia's when I was in Elmhurst today. I was instantly impressed when I walked in to find beautiful gleaming cases of amazing treats, delicious deli meats and cheeses, and a wonderful selection of soups, salads, sandwiches, paninis, pizzas, and more for lunch. The prices were really reasonable, and the staff was incredibly friendly. They were willing to modify any order and wanted to do whatever they could to make us happy. They have a great selection of take-home items too - I got some sausage and broccoli ravioli for later, can't wait to try it. And of course, I got myself a cannoli and some delicious Italian cookies for that night. Overall, the experience was hard to beat - amazing fresh food, huge selection, great prices, and a fantastic friendly staff. I understand why my friend loves this place - I've already recommended it to my Elmhurst family, and can't wait to go again!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/18/2013,75,207,4,11,5>It was quite a joy to bring Rita here for her temperament test and first complimentary visit. Victoria was so nice and very thorough in her explanation of the process. I could tell every human and canine client was thrilled to be there. It is comforting to know that dogs four months and older are spayed and neutered. The daycare is set up with the animals' safety in mind and is very clean. The dog photos on the walls in the reception area added to the welcoming environment. But the most important factor of all was of course how much Rita enjoyed her day there. She started falling asleep in the car on the short drive home and has been napping every since. We will be returning!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,7/17/2013,646,300,10,11,10>Their motto "It's So Good Cooked with Wood" and "We Cook um Slow we Serve um Fast". Yes, I would have to agree for more reasons than one.I ordered the BBQ Rib Tips which I knew judging by the $12.95 price tag they were going to be more than I can handle. With that in mind I ordered a Cream of Chicken Rice soup as a starter. Their cup of soups are more like bowls. The soup was hot and homemade delicious however I was half full after finishing it. Now, out comes the rib tips, 5/16" skin on fries, texas toast garlic bread and coleslaw. OMG! The collaboration of smells was like a foodie perfume. So basically I did what any good bbq consumer would do. I attacked viciously as if I was in the wild. The bbq sauce is addiciting no arguement there. Rib Tips were not chewy, rather tears apart easilly and holds the tangy sauce well. Kudos for the coleslaw not tasting like a sugar cube. Some places just like to add so much sugar in their slaw.My server Filiz appeared to be a seasoned veteran. She brought out a to go container knowing the rib tips would be the winner at the end of my lunch throwdown. I didn't even have to ask.In a nutshell the portions are HUGE! They serve Coca~Cola. The parking lot may not be user-friendly during a busy dinner hour (kinda tight).
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/16/2013,67,84,7,9,5>Now here's a story all about how my life got flipped turn upside and I'd like to tell a story just sit right there.. .I'll tell ya all about how my date night got ruined by a customer...Seriously- my boyfriend and I were supposed to go to the city, but with impending doom of rain we decided to stay home but do something out of our ordinary favorite burbie hot spots.  He had been to this place before and we had talked about going here before.  He said the wait can get pretty long so we would put our name in, and walk around or hang out and have some drinks.  I really wasn't in the mood for Mexican, or waiting- but I was hungry and was up for something new.We called when we were about 10 minutes away and gave them our name and the woman told us about 20 minutes.  So helpful- they even text confirmed for us, and said they would text us when it was ready. Sweet! Luckily though we walked up, and she said it would just be a few so we ordered a drink at the bar.  My first thought was about how small it appeared to be, and crowded.  Not crowded in a wicker park hipster bar type of crowded, but decently full.  Before we could even pay the bartender our table was ready and off we went.  We sat in a half booth half chair table, in between two other tables.  On one side was a very nice, quiet, couple.  The other side was 3 very loud money hungry single cougars.  As soon as we sat down we were making looks at each other about their stories of "OMG why would a PE teacher think he could ask ME out?" And talks about single clubs, and how one of their sisters has 25 bathrooms in their house, a governess and a nanny and still isn't happy.... Oi.  Anyways, they explain it's all tapas and since my boyfriend had been there before he knew to order these amazing little shrimpy guys with tortillas for apps.  They mentioned guacamole with mango and I was SOLD!  These little shrimp things are in sauces and a green sauce that is out of this world! Oh, cheese too! How could I forget the cheese?  I finally realized pork belly was the way to go, and we ordered those along with a chorizo meat taco too.  Throughout eating, the one woman sitting closest to me just got louder and louder and more and more rude.  It took a lot for us to hold back saying something to her but we kept on truckin... eatin... and tried to enjoy ourselves.  I originally wasn't planning on drinking anything alcohol related that night, but soon realized I needed something to get through this night.  Mojito- UH-MAZE-ING!  I saw tons of people drinking multiple ones so I knew I had to try it.  I wish that we could have stayed longer for me to try other drinks or more of the mojito.  Enter crazy loudmouth cougar again....She decided the tables were too small and she didn't want a plate.  She asked the server to take it away but she explained they wanted customers to use the plates, as the wood blocks that the food is served on is not meant to eat off.  I mean this seems like common sense, no?  If you ordered a pizza- you wouldn't eat over the pan while your friends used plates right?  She had a busboy take the plate when the server walked away.  Another server came up and said I'm sorry ma'am but you need a plate, the blocks are for presentation not to eat off of.  After this they were served their food and bc the plate went by 1 girl instead of the other she made a big ordeal about this as well.  They then explained it's tapas so it all comes out when it's ready and doesn't go to anyone specific, but into the middle of the table.  She then asked for a manager, and complained that because she had to move the plate, she dropped a taco and they needed a new one; The servers were pushy about plates and that she noticed all of the bad reviews on Yelp.  This, of course is when I got REAL annoyed.  I had looked this place up on Yelp! before coming, like any good Yelp! girl would do, and noticed my girl Candy G gave this place 5 stars.  If you're part of Yelp! at all, you know you could use Candice's reviews as a Foodie Bible.  I still kept my mouth shut.  She then asked the manager what he planned to do to make their expierence better and of course he offered to comp apps and their 1st round of drinks.  After he walked away, she then told a server "the manger said he was giving us drinks I'd like them now."  Longer story, long, she just wouldn't stop complaining all night.  It was a complete bummer because we couldn't take it anymore, finished our meal and immediately left.   On the way out, in front of the other table, we loudly thanked her for her great service (which wasn't pushing it at all- she was super awesome and helpful with her suggestions), and told her we were sorry she had to deal with that and jokingly said, "Good Luck!"  While walking out the manager asked us if everything was OK and I said everything was absolutely perfect and I couldn't wait to come back.  TRUE STORY!!  All in all- great food, great service, can't wait to go back!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/15/2013,144,959,18,23,19>Dancing Marlin and its logo was puzzling at first glance.  Was this another fast food restaurant in this location but with fish for food and entertainment?  No!  I was completely mistaken and delighted to be so.  This is a very different restaurant to add to the mix in Frankfort and I say hurray for that!   They have transformed the space into a sleek, modern, fun and eclectic spot.  We tried and shared 8 different small plates from salads to desserts.  I was very smitten with the beet salad; I am nuts about the recent popularity in beets and this salad with a tangy dressing, crisp greens and goat cheese was outstanding.  I would also do tricks and beg for the pork buns.  I thought the pork belly craze had run its course, oh no, it has not, this is a fresh and delicious way to devour goodness.  The pork tenderloin was divine!  I even ate the green beans that came with it.  We tried shared two desserts and coffee and left happy and satiated.I really had a great time and we have plans to return with friends.  It is a fresh new kind of restaurant for Frankfort with a tapas concept.  It was lively in there but we could still talk which I appreciated.  I did realize just how much we go out to eat when our server recognized us from her previous waitress gig.  When you are greeted with "Oh, hi!" a less secure person might realize it's time to become better friends with her kitchen.Not me, I am making reservations for a return visit!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,7/14/2013,45,72,3,6,6>The first visit I made to Church Street made me a believer.  There is a small tap room with free tastings, great beer, and great people.  Round One:We started with a tasting which came with a bit of information about each beer and the brewery but it was the beer that did all the talking.  The beer was so great it was hard to turn down a pint after the first sip.  After the tasting we decided to get a growler of the IPA which gave us the opportunity to get a pint of the Scottish Ale.  After a beer or two we were offered a tour and walked around their production facility.  This was a short informative tour just on the other side of the tap room walls.  The brewery was built for expansion but it was still and interesting tour of the facility.   The beer was great and with four on tap you have to do it right or people will not be coming back.  For me Church Street delivered on 3 of the 4 beers (not bad at all).  There were two lagers which is not my favorite type of beer however the crisp Continental was an excellent lager.  After tasting the IPA all I could think was "Wow, I need a growler of this brew!" but we already made the call that it was a winner before the Scottish was even tasted.  After the final sample of the Scottish I knew that we needed to come back for another growler.  It had all the flavor with out the bite a Scottish ale might typically have.  Overall, they seem to know their beers as well as have their own style which made for a happy customer.Church Street is a little out of the way and there is a lack of signage (at least that I saw from the road) but is worth the search.  As I drove back down Industrial Dr. for the first time looking for Church Street Brewery I thought that there was no way that the brewery was here.  It was about 6:30, dark, and hard to see.  Then as a beacon of light (literally) came out of the door of CSB I knew we found the right place.... also the address was right and there was a bunch of cars.  So when you are heading there don't worry the GPS is not leading you a random shipping dock.  Round Two:In the second visit the tap room, it was packed and there was a line to the door with  people getting growlers and tastings.   It took us a while to get through to the taps but the growlers were worth it.  There was also a new beer on tap - the red rye.  With only a shared sample (we were slightly pinched for time) I was not blown away.  However, it was extremely cold (the beer that is), almost too cold for flavor and I felt I could not get the full experience.  I will be back for another taste of the red rye with the knowledge that the IPA and the Scottish are excellent.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,7/13/2013,270,833,7,12,11>I had received a cookie box for Christmas that was from Jarosch, and after trying their butter cookies, I knew I had to visit! Right when you walk in, the sweet aroma of baked wonders fill your senses. There was no turning back.I don't know what they put in their butter cookies here, but they are by far the best I have ever had. I literally could sit down and eat a whole box of them myself. The cookie is soft - melt in your mouth texture. The frosting that some of them are dipped in is not frosting at all - more like almond bark or chocolate. Perfect. Give me 5 million.They have plenty to choose from - cupcakes, cakes, breads, pastries, doughnuts, you name it. We came a little later in the day, so many of the goodies were picked over - something to keep in mind for next time. We did get a sample (that always wins me over), and it was amazing just like everything else.When you come here, you need to take a number - yes, that is how busy it gets. There is also an 'in' door and an 'out' door to keep traffic flowing. Honestly, I've never been to a bakery that had that before!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,7/12/2013,283,456,25,27,26>Have you ever had a fried taco?! No? Well, make your way over to Sam's, introduce yourself to Sam (trust me, you can't miss him) and tell him you need a fried taco....STAT! Let him be creative, because he is innovative and a wonderful cook!Seriously, I love Sam, his wife and their son, Nick. They are some of the kindest people I have encountered in years. AAAAAND they know how to cook.They have a few seats inside but it's mostly a takeout place and with the sweetest staff at your service, it can def be a place to grab a bite for lunch or a quickie dinner.I have only had a fried taco and some fresh cut French fries SO FAR but I have to tell you that their food is delish! They obviously use all fresh ingredients and everything is very well seasoned. I cannot wait to explore Sam's menu further. I look forward to my next visit when I hope I can try their Saturday rib special ($18.99/ full slab or $9.99/ half slab) or one of their burgers that I understand Sam mixes with his special combination of seasonings. I intend on going back to soon to support our local business owner and get my fix of good food at a place I think I could hang out at for hours and hours.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,7/11/2013,421,397,65,70,67>The Verdict Restaurant is a small and cozy diner located off of County Farm road in Wheaton. Located just on the other side of the street from the large shopping center that is home to Target and Ultra Foods it might not be immediately visible to those passing by (I had never noticed it before) but is well worth keeping your eye open for. The inside is clean with a good amount of seating available, there's nothing particularly noteworthy about the decor.After walking in I was immediately greeted and seated, after looking over the menu I noticed that most of the items here are court themed (hence the name Verdict restaurant). I decided on a skillet called "The guilty" which contained cheese, ham, onions, sausage, and bacon. For a drink, I also decided on ordering the municipal building code violation also known as Cola (well, not really be it would be funny if they carried the naming convention scheme all the way).  I chose pancakes instead of toast as the side. My waitress was friendly and courteous. Not too long after placing my order my food was ready.The skillet I received was nice and hot, the sausage and meat pieces were well cooked and flavorful. The big thing that made this skillet great was that the potato's at the bottom were nice and crisp. The eggs were spot on, and everything had just the right amount of seasoning. This was one of the better skillets I've come across. The pancakes here were fairly average but I did appreciate the thick and sweet maple syrup that came with it. Overall I was very happy with my meal.My general opinion of the verdict was very high, great service, great food at a fair price. I wouldn't say the food here is the best of breakfast places I've visited. But it's certainly in the top 3. I highly recommend Verdict Restaurant, the verdict is in and they're guilty of being a great place to stop for breakfast. Five stars, case closed *pounds gavel*.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,7/10/2013,239,635,13,25,16>I may regret writing this review because the café only has 9 tables, but I have now learned to love Lithuanian food.This space used to house a carpet store and I strongly suggest that they get rid of the industrial florescent lights.  The one over the checkout register (I will explain farther into this review) is blinding to 2 of the tables near the front window.When you walk in, there is a checkout register.  That is because they sell Lithuanian products, including pre-made and frozen food.  As I said, there is a very small dining area with one table placed adjacent to, what I thought was, the kitchen swinging doors. Turns out, on the other side of the wall is a deli with all sorts of Lithuanian foods for sale.  The products for sale include used books, in Lithuanian, soccer jerseys, CDs, and a whole lot of other tchotchke.  Beware, all signage is written in Lithuanian.Now, for the good stuff ~ the fresh, made to order food  After speaking with the manager, we learned there is a large Lithuanian population in the area and this place was very busy.  They, of course, ordered their food by calling the meal what it is, I needed the English translation but fully intend to work on my pronunciation.  Lenten specials include cod, salmon, smelt served hot, beautiful presentation, and mouth watering sides and sauces.  All employees were extremely polite, helpful, and very patient answering all our questions.  Suggestions made by our server were spot on and even my husband has a new favorite beer.  That's saying a lot considering we have dined at Bavarian Lodge, formerly known as Chef Paul, for over 20 years and anyone who drinks beer knows that place carries more beers than you could probably ever sample.  It all worked out because he was able to purchase the beer over on the deli side :)They open at 10, for a late breakfast, 9 on week-ends, and serve lunch and dinner.Go and enjoy ~ you can thank me later.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,7/9/2013,304,479,8,15,9>Pho just might be my new love.  Let's be real though, I have a real thing for ethnic food of all kinds.  It just so happened, this week was my first encounter with Vietnamese.So, Cristie B. and I have been *trying* to plan a dinner for, legit, months now, and it FINALLY happened at Pho Ha on Tuesday.  The weather was damn cold and shitty, so something warm and comforting sounded just perfect (without breaking the calorie budget.)  Cristie suggested Pho, and I was all over it.As mentioned in previous reviews:1) yes, its very small inside.  There were maybe six tables?  When I arrived at 5:15 a few were open, but when we left just after 7, they were packed.2) sure, it's a little divey/dingey.  These places generally, in my experience, have the most authentic food.3) yeah, the service wasn't terribly attentive, but, only *after* the food came.  We were offered beverages and to order right away, and the food came out hot and fast.So, what did I eat?  #25 - Pho with sliced beef and brisket.  Also, #2, Vietnamese spring rolls with pork and shrimp.Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING I shoveled into my pie hole that night was glorious.  The peanut sauce at this joint is TO DIE.  The spring rolls were fresh and stuffed with awesome, fresh flavors.  PHO?  OMG.  When Cristie told me that this was miracle soup, she wasn't kidding.  I jazzed mine up with a TON of beansprouts, thai basil, and let a slice of jalapeno sit in there for a bit... perfect.  The broth wasn't greasy, it was clean and deep with flavor.  The noodles were perfect for slurping, I make not excuses for the noises I made while eating.  I ordered a "small" bowl (a large is only 50 cents more, by the way) and had enough leftover to take for lunch the next day.AAAND, to top it off... my dinner, including tip, cost thirteen dollars.  That's insane.You can bet that I'll be back at Pho Ha soon, and looking for Pho closer to my house!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/8/2013,1546,338,20,23,22>THE PLACE USED TO BE A BROTHELActually this place was built in 1847 as a stage coach stop, a brothel and then a grand hotel. How cool is that?The Place:This place is located in the center of downtown Wauconda on Main Street. There is parking on the street but if you can't find a spot then there is additional parking across the street down the road in a public lot, and it's free. The bar/restaurant has some original exposed brick and is nicely decorated and clean. My wife and I decided to check out a band that her brother used to play with some of the members. We had always discussed trying out Middleton's so this was the time to do it. We came in and grabbed a seat at the bar as the tables were already occupied on the lower level. While we waited for the band to start playing, we sat and watched the Blackhawks game on one of their 8 TV's located around the bar. You literally can't turn your head without seeing a TV and for most guys that is pretty awesome. I guess my only complaint is that when my wife was talking to me I lost focus on what she was saying because the Hawks just made a goal or there was big hit on one of the other teams players. The conversation went like this "and she said BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH and then she said BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH, you know what I mean? Ah yes. It was almost like she was announcing the game while I was watching.The Drinks:This place is known as a Gastro Pub. I thought that was a procedure that you had at a hospital but it means that they have hi end booze and beer which they do. One of the bar tenders asked us for our drink order which we made. I went with a beer while my wife went with her usual cocktail. As we waited for our drinks I looked over the drink menu and noticed that they have a pretty extensive selection of beers, cocktails and single malts.The Food:As we sat there we asked for a food menu and noticed that they have a Friday fish fry so we went with the fish and chips and an order of mac n cheese. I have to say that the food is pretty good stuff. The mac n cheese was made with a mixture of cheddar, gorgonzola and BACON (AEWSOME). Anything and everything made with bacon is freaken awesome and this did not disappoint. The flavor of the mac n cheese was not overpowering. It was just right. The fish and chips included fish that was made with Cod that came with a dill sauce for dipping, coleslaw and fries. The fish was fresh and with the sauce it was tasty. The fries were home cut potatoes and also very good.The Experience:So we came here to listen to a band but because the Blackhawks were playing the second game of the playoffs it delayed their start. The band plays on the upper level overlooking the bar area. We stuck around for a few of their songs before we decided to call it a night. The staff is friendly, very organized and efficient.We will definitely be back here for lunch as well as dinner and of course the drinks.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,7/7/2013,78,284,4,6,4>Big selection of craft beers here. It's my main reason for going to EPH the last couple of times. I don't think they have much on tap, but they do have a lot of Black & ____ combos. Of course, the regular Black & Tan (Guinness and Bass), but also Black & Blue (Blue Moon), Black & White (Alagash White), Black Magic (Magic Hat), etc. I don't know if I would try all of those because some combos are weird, but the effort is nice.They have a beer menu with different bottles from all over the place, divided up by region. It's interesting to set it up this way because you can try a beer from somewhere you've never been, or learn where one of your favorite beers is from. Though personally, I'd like to see it divided by type of beer (ambers, porters, stouts) but this is a nice spin on the beer list.The food is pretty solid. The cheese curds are scrumptious and the grilled cheese is pretty good. They put three different kinds of cheese on there, so when you get it, it is oozing cheese. The New Mexican burger seems okay, but they use some kind of cheese sauce instead of regular cheese, so that's a little off-putting. Also, the pub fries could use some work. They're giant, but taste like the frozen kind. I much prefer thinner, crispier fries.The appetizers are a little pricey, but if you split it with someone, it'll be worth it. Otherwise, just stick to the main courses. Also they have some pretty interesting dessert choices. I think the waiter told us they had Guinness cupcakes! But they ran out. Sad face.Service here varies. Everyone is really nice, but even when it's not that busy, the two waiters I've had the past few times were a little inattentive and slow getting our stuff. It could be because the restaurant has a long layout, and customers can sit wherever, so they probably have to go from one end to the other. I'll definitely come back here while employed in the Elgin area. The beer selection keeps me happy.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/6/2013,104,319,3,10,3>Zinnng!!That's how I felt after taking my first "flu shot" at Smuzi last Saturday.  I swear, I felt my ears pop as I poured the invigorating concoction of chlorophyll, ginger and lemon down the hatch.  I wasn't sick, but I was taking all the preventative measures necessary to avoid the contagion that seems to be running rampant around these parts this winter.In addition to my flu shot, I opted for a "Shamrock" smoothie which is a blend of kale, celery, dates, banana, mint, almond butter, and hemp protein and milk.  This is basically health, liquefied.  Some people may find their prices expensive-- I too am on a budget but the benefits of juicing are innumerable, and it is far cheaper to fork over $7 to feel and look great than to be sick.  A juice or smoothie is less than...a pack of Sudafed, cigs, martini, extra value meal and so on..  While I waited for my shamrock to be made, the woman at the counter offered me a sample of the "cleanser" which was sweet and tasty, a juice that would be a great option for someone that cringes at the thought of drinking green stuff!!  I spent a few moments listening to the employees talk about their future plans, such as:  organic vegan chocolate, a "garbage" soup, and a three day detox.  All of these things piqued my interest, and their passion for health and innovative ideas will keep me returning to see what's next.  I actually stopped in today for a juice and shot and the girl at the counter recognized me and seemed genuinely enthused that I was already back for more.  They even had a punch card today for buy 10, get one free-- and gave me credit for Saturday's drink as well.  The parking situation isn't bad, so long as it's not a weekend since we are talking third street in Geneva, but even on Saturdays, there are usually spots in the lot behind Smuzi/Caribou.  If you're looking to indulge in a healthy, guilt free and antioxidant packed delight, stop on by, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,7/5/2013,30,137,6,9,9>We finally made it out to this brewery after we had attended a wake in Naperville (I can't think of a better time to have a drink than after a wake).This is a bare-bones operation because they're all about the brewing, but they do have a little area where you can get a taste of whatever they've got on tap, which changes constantly. It's just a counter separated from the brewery by a half-wall, with stools which can seat maybe a dozen people tops - it's standing room only for the rest. Because they don't serve any food, they're only open from 12- 9 PM Tuesdays through Saturdays and 12 - 7 PM on Sundays. Also, there's a limit of 3 beers per person. But what beer! I'd wanted to try their Kidnapped by Vikings IPA, which I'd heard about, but it didn't seem to be on the list that night. So I tried the next closest thing they had - a Belgian wheat IPA called Mr. Inappropriate (light golden color, dry, hoppy, and a tad bitter but not too much). We then moved on to Chubgutz, a reddish-brown Premium Bitter with a nice earthy, nutty flavor, and then the Mansaka Masala, my favorite of the night. It's a hearty porter flavored with a lip-smacking Chai spice blend including cardamom, vanilla bean, clove, ginger, cinnamon, tellicherry black peppercorn, and Ceylon tea. Reminded me of the Christmas beer we brewed ourselves one year, only heavier on the spices.If you must have food and comfy seats, check out the Events list on Solemn Oath's Website for some of the beer pairing dinners they host at various places around Chicago. But if you don't mind standing and have an adventurous streak, Solemn Oath Brewery is a good place to stop by after work (or a wake) for a great craft beer.P.S. Pay no attention to the address. This place is not actually on Quincy Avenue, but on the street directly behind the Cadillac dealership on Quincy. Also, your money is no good here - they don't accept cash, so make sure you bring plastic.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,7/4/2013,43,217,5,6,7>So I was looking up to see if the Wild Monk in St. Charles was open and Yelp pulled up the Lucky Monk instead. It had fantastic reviews AND it was open 4 hours earlier then my original search. It was a long drive, but seemed worth it. The service and food were really quite great, the beer was just pretty good. We tried all of their beers and really only liked a couple out of the six (the IPA and the Tritica). The rest were just ok. They had a pretty good bottled selection, though, which I might drink from more on a second visit back.We ordered a sampler for the appetizer - Cheese Curds, White Truffle Fries, and Fried Pickles - all were very good. Full on fried food, my husband and I split the Green Chili Queso Burger which was absolutely delish. You can choose your side from nearly any of their apps, but since we just had three of them we stuck with the regular fries...which were good but just fries in the end. I'll definitely be back for their food and craft brew list. They need to step up their game on their own beers to earn that 5th star, though. Maybe they will... who knows.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/3/2013,82,235,8,14,10>Sheesh, Riverside-ians -- I'm jealous that not only do you have a dedicated empanada shop, you have a dedicated tamale shop! A tamale shop with lots of vegetarian options on the menu, which never happens at suburban Mexican places!Since we'd just eaten at the aforementioned empanadUS, we only had room for one tamale each. My mushroom tamale was filled with fresh portobello mushrooms. It was surprisingly spicy and so very delicious paired with the chilled green salsa they give you. For some reason, I don't see mushroom on the online menu, so it may be a special, but they definitely also have cheese, bean, spinach, broccoli, and special-order mole tamales.I loved that they displayed fine art on the walls -- wouldn't have expected that! The owner was friendly and happy to chat with us.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/2/2013,38,217,8,13,8>Hidden gem alert.I don't know how long Sabor Cubano has been around, but I've been haunting the near & far area for work lunches for many years and just found Sabor through Yelp, and was surprised it had so few reviews.So, I've been to Sabor twice, both for lunch, and have only tried the sandwiches.  The bread makes a sandwich great, and you can tell that Sabor has some of the freshet bread.  light & flaky, even on the pressed sandwiches.The cuban sandwich is such a simple, yet complexly flavored sandwich.  Done just right.The havana steak sandwich was recommended by what I would assume was the owner/chef, described as a cuban take on a philly steak sandwich.  Outstanding.Wanted to try the empanadas, but weren't available, but the croquetas were recommended in their place.  excellent.I can't wait to go back.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/1/2013,91,130,7,6,7>Came here for the first time to play Wednesday night BINGO! In the lower level of the facility, every Wednesday they host Bingo. They have an Early-Bird called at 6:45 pm and then Regular Bingo at 7 pm. They play regular Bingo, Bonanza, Pull-Tabs, Split-the-Pot and plus more! You get to a total of 15 Games of Bingo. The parking lot fills up quickly so get there early!Be ready for whistle blows and call outs! I learned a few Bingo terms. For example, when the number 22 is called everyone that has a whistle blows it! Too(t)...Too(t) ... like a train.This was a great random/spur of the moment fun! Don't forget to bring your Daubers! If you're like me and this is your first time playing Bingo you can purchase one for a $1 there! They also have affordable refreshments and snacks that your able to purchase. Or bring your own!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/30/2013,359,353,7,17,11>When I found out I was going to be participating in a volunteering event through my company I was super excited. When I found out I was going to be helping pack meals for kids who don't have access to nutritious meals I was even more excited.  However, my experience was better than I could have ever imagined.Upon arrival we were welcomed with many smiling faces. I knew at that point it was going to be more than just a fun time. After throwing on a hairnet and undressing ourselves of our gems and jewels, we entered into the packing warehouse where we got a quick introduction to the FMSC organization and watched an inspiring and tearful video on how their products have helped saved numerous lives. We moved on to the packing process which was fun, efficient, and a total feel good experience. Taking an assembly line approach to filling countless boxes of packaged meals was seamless and fun. Our team alone packed nearly 28 boxes of meals to be shipped out to Haiti.My experience was overwhelmingly positive, impactful, and fulfilling. I would encourage anyone looking to volunteer their time - alone or with others - to look into volunteering with Feed My Starving Children. Five solid stars...plus some.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,6/29/2013,760,671,15,19,17>Ever felt like just putting on your wedding dress and going out to dinner?I did that and I came here. Well, I had a reason: it was our first wedding anniversary. I hate the idea of spending so much money on a dress and storing it up in a box forever so I personally decided to wear my wedding dress every year for our anniversaries as long as I can fit in it. (Who says a lady has to feel like a princess only once or twice in her life?) People stared at me when I walked in. And I LIKED it.I picked this location because of all the good reviews on Yelp and the many vegetarian options on the menu. We were seated right away because I had made reservations a week prior on OpenTable (which I had never used before -- sweet!). The hosts handed us an envelope and inside was an anniversary card from the restaurant. What a nice touch! On top of that, we had the choice of free champagne or free dessert. We picked dessert.Since it was October, we were presented with the autumn menu. Autumn is my favorite season and the menu was full of so many mouth-watering options that I had to ask the waitress three times for suggestions! We started with an appetizer and then I ordered two entrees because I couldn't make up my mind.The ripe plum tomato flatbread was amazing. Everything about it was perfect. I could have eaten that all night if it was the only thing they had. But of course, it wasn't. Shortly after finishing the flatbread, we were presented with our dinners. I had the Autumn Vegetarian Sampler AND the Rainbow Trout. My husband had a steak. We were kind of disappointed with his steak. I didn't try it, but it was just so small -- nearly the size of tennis ball. He said it tasted good but he was still hungry after he ate it and had to watch me eat my two giant plates of food. I offered him some of my food, but he's not a veggie person like me and prefers to stick to standard American food.Yes, this stick of a girl in her sparkly wedding dress had two GIANT plates of food. I hadn't expected the autumn vegetarian sampler to be so filling. Then I had that enormous rainbow trout, on top of another pile of veggies and potatoes. I ate half of each plate and had to take the rest of it home. The trout was pretty good, but if I had to choose between one entree or the other from now on, I'd pick the vegetarian sampler. It was amazing: quinoa cranberry/citrus salad, tofu topped with veggies, veggie tacos, and stuffed peppers (I think I'm missing something). Every bite was pure ecstasy. Can I say that? Every bite felt like I was on drugs. Mmmmm.At this point, one of the managers of the restaurant comes over to our table because apparently he and my husband knew each other! I'm also trying to figure out which dessert I want to order because just on of those cute little shot glass sized delicacies isn't enough for my sweet tooth. While he's chatting with us and our waitress is trying to take our free dessert order and I'm expressing yet another indecision about my food, he tells her to let us each have two desserts for free (we are only supposed to have one each). SWEET. I ordered the pumpkin pie with gingersnap crust and some kind of fruit one. My husband got two chocolate-type ones. We devoured them up. At this point, my stomach was bulging so much that my wedding dress was feeling a little bit too tight on me (note to self: I must eat nothing every year in order to fit in said dress). We were stuffed, fuzzy (wine is good), and happy.We grabbed our food, paid our bill, and waddled out into the pouring rain.FIN.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/28/2013,2184,1339,14,23,17>New sushi in Schaumburg! Sake Sushi & Grill has just opened three days ago and I must say it is quite the classy edition to the Schaumburg sushi scene. I'm super happy there is a really nice, big option for the raw fish to enter my belly.Sake Sushi & Grill can be found in the same plaza as Smashburger next to Portillo's on Golf. They haven't yet had a grand opening so you may not have heard of them just yet but they are fully operational right now with normal hours.The decor is so swanky and upscale. I loved the cool mosiac windows, tall bamboo shoots in the center, and chic bar area. Our waitress was super nice and we had great service throughout our lunch.They have a menu with a wide array of options to dine on but also have a lunch special menu with strictly roll & sashimi options. We both opted for the 2 rolls with soup & salad for $9.95 from that menu. It's a great deal if you pick the right rolls ;) (aka compare if you'd be better off getting your rolls separate). I ordered a Philly and a Sweet Potato Roll - both were well rolled and great. I have an obsession with sweet potato rolls and this one did not disappoint, delicious! The Philadelphia roll had big, fresh chunks of salmon, cream cheese and avocado - loved it! I also tried my friend's spicy tuna and it sure had heat! I also loved this roll.My friend and I just did a test run today in hope of bringing our usual work lunch crew and Sake has passed with flying colors! We will absolutely be back and I think it's a great addition to the dining scene in Schaumburg.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,6/27/2013,363,708,6,9,6>Not only is this a super-cool store that has geek cred galore and games for the entire family...it's also run by some of the awesomest guys around.My husband is here every week for a gaming group and also drags me in regularly when we're visiting Downers Grove. Every. Single. Time he eyes this enormous banner with a map of Westeros, the Game of Thrones kingdom. (Ahem, A Song of Ice and Fire, to be more accurate.)Fast forward to Christmas and I'm in serious need of another gift for my sweetie. I think, maybe the guys at Fair Game can tell me where they got that thing and if it's reasonable, I'll buy one myself.Josh at FG e-mails me back promptly with a bunch of info: He had this thing custom made several years ago, and it's not for sale. Fair enough, I wouldn't expect him to part with a unique item like that. But. BUT! He goes on to explain to me where and how he had it made... and then offers to order me one himself and have me pay him back! I picked it up no problem after a few covert phone calls.Long story short, I won Christmas and possibly the Wife of the Year Award. All thanks to Josh and the very existence of Fair Game. These guys have customers for life. :)
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/26/2013,264,124,5,8,5>Once you walk in, the smell of SPICE hits you. Yum! We came hungry and this place totally hit the spot. We saw a small section of the back wall also known as the buffet. It looked tiny, having little to choose from. It was about $16 something for buffet dinner. We skipped that and ordered entrees instead.To start, we got the aloo tikki. It was this crispy bread thing made with spices. Idk exactly what was in this concoction, but it was made to perfection. It also came with two sauces to complement...a green one with a hint of heat and a sweet brown one with a lemony zest. Yeap..it was real.So for the entrees we got the chicken tikka masala and seekh kabob. The chicken tikka masala was cubed chicken in this creamy tomato sauce. Amazing! I looooved it. I was kind of hesitant about ordering it at first because I didn't feel like having tomato sauce, but our server recommended it and I was glad he did! I didn't taste the tomato, it didn't have that heavy tomato paste/sauce taste, and it was spiced perfectly! The seeskh kabobs were kind of dry but very flavorful with seasonings. It was served sizzling on a hot skillet with sliced onions and green peppers. We also ordered white rice for the masala and yogurt for the seeskh kabobs. Our servers were super nice and polite. Overall, we enjoyed the experience, and our tummies left happy and satisfied!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/25/2013,107,169,3,9,9>Best sushi I have ever had.  Seriously. Not the best location I have ever eaten sushi in.  Bummer.  The fish here is really something else, like better than any place I've had in the Chicago area, including downtown.  Reading other reviews, I'd say you're best off going on a Friday or Saturday night.  The waitress we had was awesome, the chef was firing on all cylinders, and we had a meal that blew us away.  If the tables in here weren't so flimsy and the ambience were a step up, I would definitely give them 5 stars.  Still, if you ignore the surroundings the sushi is incredible.We started out with the tuna sampler, which was 2 pieces each of three different kinds of tuna.  There was ahi, yellowtail, and super white, served over a small bed of rice noodles.  The dish presentation was nothing special, but to taste the raw ingredient was enlightening.  Of the three, I thought the yellowtail tasted the best, but the super white was interesting, to say the least.  I'd never tried super white before, and I liked it- maybe not quite as much as yellowtail (or bluefin when you can find it), but I liked trying something new.  After that, we decided to try the super white prepared, so we ordered the Ecstasy appetizer.  This was sublime.  It was thinly super white in a spicy vinagarette.  There were some spicy peppers and scallions on the plate.  Amazing dish.For the main order, we mixed it up with some basic Maki rolls (veggie, tuna, and California).  We also decided to try the Ocean Drive and the Summer Rolls as everyone on Yelp raves about them.  The basic Maki rolls were fine, I don't get inspired by the standard maki.  Most places use the "less than ideal" stuff for the rolls, but I still like to order them to gauge quality.  The Summer and Ocean Drive were freaking amazing.  The lemon-covered salmon on the Ocean Drive was some of the best tasting fish I have ever had.  The Summer Roll was reminiscent of sushi that you'd get on a beach in Mexico.  What?  You've never had sushi on a beach in Mexico?  Me either- and this stuff made me feel like I was there!  That's how overwhelming this food can be on your senses.  Far and away the most delicious rolls I have ever tried.  I'm craving more as I type this!Cocktails were reasonable.  We ended up getting a bottle of Pinot Noir, I also had a Sapporo Beer and my GF had an extra glass of wine (I only live about 1/3 mile from this place, so no worries about drunk driving).  The total bill (with tip) came to $150.  I thought this was reasonable given the drinks and the amount of sushi we ordered.  Overall, I thought the cost of the fish was justified by the quality.  Our waitress was great, and the food blew my mind.  If they could dress the place up a bit I wouldn't hesitate to give them 5 stars.  Regardless, I will be back for more.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,6/24/2013,63,60,4,8,6>La Hacienda is a singular restaurant. There is little not to like. That wasn't always the case.Sometimes in life you find restaurants that irritate you because the food is amazing but you get service that sucks. What do you do? Normally, I would say "work around it, fool. Just get the food to go." But what if one of the foods you want is an alcoholic beverage? Then you are screwed. If you want that drink, sooner or later you'll have to go back and sit down and have the meal experience all over again.Normally, I hate going back to eat at a place with bad or spotty service because it makes me feel like the restauranteurs are winning in spite of themselves and they have my money to prove it. However, sometimes that repeat business is just what you need in order for an establishment to restore your faith.I used to think that La Hacienda's service sucked, but man, they have what I can only call "definitive" margaritas. Really, at the risk of sounding like a raging alcoholic, I cannot impress enough how much I love the margaritas there. They are so great. But that's not all. They also have great chips and salsa, excellent enchiladas, and... incredible... decor (you'll see if you go). Occasionally, they have live music that is low-key, well-performed, and actually kind of romantic. All of those things were reasons to go back after a couple bad experiences, so eventually I gave in and went back. The service was great. So I went back. Again, the service was great. So I went back again. Now I can't stay away.Service is one of those "X-factors" in a restaurant that's sometimes hard to quantify. Patrons have wildly different ideas about what makes good service. Personally, I expect a friendly greeting and reasonable ticket times, and that's about it. But that's just my expectation- great service comes from going beyond those expectations so that when I leave my day is better than when I came in. This doesn't necessarily mean waiting on guests hand and foot- sometimes it's as simple as remaining friendly and maybe recognizing your regulars. Great servers also usually suggest something and show some food knowledge. If something comes out wrong during the meal, waitstaff and management turn the situation into an opportunity to show care for their guests. Lastly, places with great service do these things consistently.La Hacienda used to fail in many of the aforementioned respects, and I (rightfully) resented it. However, in my opinion, they have really turned things around. It's rare to see that kind of an improvement in a restaurant, and it deserves recognition. Way to go guys! You are killing it for real.I'll say that there are other places in the area that do some of the dishes a little better, but if you want a great all around Mexican dining experience for a reasonable price -and especially if you're looking for a good margarita- I'd be remiss not to recommend La Hacienda de Roselle. It's pretty great.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,6/23/2013,103,486,3,5,3>Fitness classes are so expensive! But not at Bfit. The drop-in rate is only $5-9.00. The trainers are all awesome. They make sure newcomers feel welcome and stay motivated throughout the workout. It's a wonderful, friendly atmosphere with all kinds of people at all fitness levels. You wont be intimidated at Bfit. Other pros include the Chicago House music from back in the day for the workouts! Yay! The downside is that it's basically one room so youre in a fitness class taking up the entire open floor space with people working out on the machines and running on the treadmills around the perimiter of the room. Who cares, right. I guess this is how they offer classes at low prices; by keeping the overhead down.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,6/22/2013,9,67,11,10,9>OK I very rarely give out 5 stars.  In fact to date there has only been one other.  But for what this is I have to give it 5 stars.  Its fast food I guess but it's cook to order.  I had the Shawarma meal (chicken) and the Beef Kabob meal for later.  OK now I know and never thought I would ever give a "fast-food" 5 stars but this aint no fast food joint if you ask me.  Would I bring a date here, heck no, but I might replate it at home for a nice meal!  Its freaking good and I think this is only my second time eating Egyptian type food.  Yes I know it's not the real real deal but dang!!  It's freaking good!  No it's not a five star restaurant. But if this is fast food??  Ok that is a 5 Star fast food joint!!!  Best fast food I have ever had hands down!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,6/21/2013,27,90,2,7,4>The Fisherman's Platter is "Off The Hook", a big hunk of Grilled Grouper and Four Shrimp along with Four Lake Erie Perch Filets and Four of the Sweetest Scallops I have ever had. The dinner came with Grilled Asparagus, Rice, and Roasted Sweet Peppers! Needless to say, it fed two of us and at $16.99 it's a bargain. Let me tell ya, the selection of fresh fish they have in the cooler tat they will cook for you, is amazing. They supply fresh fish to some of the finest Restaurants too.A little hard to find but worth the effort.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,6/20/2013,187,236,8,10,8>Can I move to Oak Park, please? If I ever move here, I would be lying if I said the main library had nothing to do with it. LOVE:-The selection. It is huge. There are books, DVDs, games, books on CD, etc. GALORE. The library also has copies of several different books that are particularly popular, which is ideal. I mean, how annoying is it when you reeeally want to read a book but it's checked out and there are 547893709876 holds on it? That's much less of a problem at this library than at others.-Classes offered. That's right. CLASSES. At the library today, I found brochures for classes on job seeking as well as technology. How cool is that? Pretty darn cool if you ask me. The job search series have classes like "Things About the Job Search You May Not Know...But Should" and "Tips for Submitting Online Job Applications." -Something for everyone. There are huge distinct sections. Children's. Teens. Adults. OPPL has it all and there is definitely something for everyone here. My jaw dropped to the floor when I first came here and I have still not explored the whole thing! I have never seen a library with as extensive of a manga/comic/graphic novel section and I have never seen a library with a huge teen cafe-like hangout section. This library caters to EVERY age group and it's amazing. There is even the option to get materials delivered to your home for the sick/disabled. Incredible.-Technological. The library is ahead of the times when it comes to technology. -Programming. There always seems to be something going on at OPPL. All kinds of somethings. Tonight, there is even going to be a "Dating Game" for 20s-30s singles (first drink free). Today, I saw virtuoso violinist Rachel Barton Pine give an excellent master class here. There are tons of events for kids on the calendar, gaming, open mic night for teens, book discussions, improv workshop, Facebook tutorial, knitting, etc. If you can imagine it, it's probably been done (or will be done) here! DO NOT LOVE:-Steep fines. I know every library is different when it comes to fines, but I think $1/day for DVDs and video games and then $0.25/day for books is quite pricey. Really pricey. Most other libraries in the 'burbs charge $0.10/day for overdue books. Of course, I'm not *really* complaining because I am responsible and I always renew online if I know I can't make the return date. -Architecture. I know this is really nitpicky, but it feels kind of sterile in here. Not homey. I think OPPL reminds me more of a Borders or Barnes & Noble than it does of a library. That's fine, but I don't "love" that about it. I love libraries with some history, like the Riverside Public Library.-Bells & whistles. For example, there are 50 Nooks available for rental (three weeks at a time). There are also self check-out stations. Now, I do not think it is a bad thing at all for the library to have these things. In fact, I think it's pretty wonderful and cushiony. That being said, I can't help but ask: where does all this money come from? Taxes? There are a stunning THREE libraries in Oak Park. No, I don't hate this and I'm not complaining exactly. I just hope that OPPL has not used thousands for these "extras" instead of building an even better library of books and movies.Just because I am not in love with absolutely every aspect of OPPL does not mean that I am not, in fact, actually totally in love with this library. It is as close to perfect as I have seen yet in a library! I'm so happy Oak Park values its libraries.Tip: Beware the first stall of the women's bathroom on the second floor. The space between the wall and the stall is 1.5-inches. Yikes!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/19/2013,79,108,10,11,9>First time here... very strange since I've known about Yu's for like 20 years...Let us begin this journey with 0 stars and add a star for each pleasant feeling.  Adding one for the nifty Yelp Deal for $5 off the bill*.  Adding another one for the nice hostess with nice legs welcoming us when we walked in looking at the take-out counter as if it were the host station.Now here's a big effin' star for our server, Raaaaaaaaaaandy, the maaaaaaaan  ... dy.  He was probably the best food facilitator I've encountered in as far back as I can remember.  He was on top of his stuff.  Hell, I'll even admit the fourth star was because of him.The fifth star is for the food.  We had the dinner for two that comes with soup, appetizer sampler, and two entrees for like $17.50 per person.  I wasn't too fond of the hot n' sour soup, but everything else makes me wish I had eaten here years ago.The sixth star is for the complimentary hot tea.  I feux pa'ed after Raaaaaaandy put the tea kettle down and asked for some hot tea... durka durka.  The seventh star is for the fortune I got in my cookie.  Let's just say that if I added "... in bed." to it, it would still make sense but I will not share it with you because it may not come true.Definitely going back.  I'll see Yu soon! wokka wokka.*Yelp Deal was not the reason for going but definitely was nice.  It may not be available when you happen across this review.  I didn't print it out but had it on my smart-phone and alerted Randy, our server, about it before ordering.  He was happy to help us and only needed the "code" on the deal.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,6/18/2013,87,333,5,8,7>For this review, let's play a game of "Would you rather?" And no, I can't promise I won't sneak in some risque questions that will make this rendition reminiscent of those high school and college days...Would you rather...Have a creamy treat that is pure potassium or have a smooth sweet packed with cals?I know it's hard to beat ice cream, custard or gelato, but I can assure you that you won't miss those classic cold desserts when you try the signature frozen banana. Even my ice cream-loving husband had to do a double-take when he got his free sample: "No way this is just pureed frozen ripe banana!" We ordered a large size to split mixed in with granola and the healthified version of fudge sauce made of dark cocoa and fruit juice. I would have appreciated way more granola mixed in throughout, but the overall dish satisfied our sweet tooth. In the end, I would honestly prefer this over the usual frozen sweet snacks any day.Would you rather...Have a comforting bowl of Vitamins A and C or have a savory soup filled with gobs of cheese?On a gray winter morning, a hot bowl of soup sounds heavenly. French Onion soup is kind of a guilty pleasure of mine because of the insane amounts of cheese and bread in it, whereas tomato basil soup is always more of my "guilt-free option." So when I saw Baked Tomato soup as a special of the day, my interest piqued. Hubby and I shared a big bowl of this, and it definitely was like the two soups combined into one. I absolutely adored the creamy tomato base with the layer of cheese glued to the top. However, I would have preferred a bit more of a crunchy crust of cheese. This ended up being one of my all-time fav versions of tomato soup.Would you rather...Have a filling fiber dish or a quick-fix of carbs to satiate the taste buds and empty stomach?Another special of the day was the Spaghetti Squash. Don't be surprised when you find no noodles but squash strings instead. This in-season veggie made a beautiful presentation with half of the shell holding spaghetti-like butternut squash, mixed in with chunky marinara sauce and shaved parm. I did not miss my pasta because this dish was so flavorful with the fresh squash paired with juicy, sweet bits of tomato and salty cheese. It was a huge portion and came with a mixed green side salad. I even ended up taking some of it home for later.P.S. I had some of my hubby's carne asada quesadilla, and we agreed that dish was just as amazing as what I ordered and described above because of the tender meat and just-made salsa.To sum up, this brunch was all about the substitutes with all the health benefits and no loss on flavor. It ranks up there with some of my most memorable brunches, and if I'm ever back in the area, I will be sure to visit again.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/17/2013,15,87,3,12,4>Ok, before we even get into the place, let's stop saying "it's like bien trucha except..." because it isn't like bien trucha. Or, maybe it is like bien trucha because it is Mexican and a lot of the food is served tapas style. Well, Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba is tapas and I went there like 20 years ago and loved it....but I didn't hesitate to try (and enjoy) Emilios in Naperville, or Chez Francois in Geneva (both tapas) or Salbute or Frontera or Topolobampo (all Mexican) when they came along. So please, no comparing. We certainly have more room for more good restaurants in Geneva, and believe me, this should get added immediately to your list of good restaurants.**as of 4/10/2013, they didn't have their liquor license yet**We were there for lunch and tried the flavored water: one lemon and one hibiscus. I would recommend both.For lunch, we had the al fundido...a garlic shrimp taco with a phenomenal green sauce. I mean, out of this world good. Get it. Get it before you die and you'll die happy.We also had alla gallina, a chicken taco with all sorts of good stuff on it. I recommend both.The decor is new and fun. The music is good, the seating, at least for me, was very comfortable. The presentation is perfect: each table set up nicely and identically to the next table. The check presentation is cool, the flowers are cool, everything has been well thought out and well executed.The service seems a little slow- could be because it was lunch and kitchen was lightly staffed or it could be because the restaurant is only  4 weeks old. I'll go back and get a better idea.Go. Eat. Enjoy.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/16/2013,51,155,4,5,3>DROOL.A friend and I stopped in for actual dinner, not just dessert (which is what she usually does). We had a 4:30 (when they open) reservation and didn't get out of there until almost 7. And it was worth every moment. Dave was our waiter, wonderfully knowledgeable. He picked our wine's and pleased both of our palates. He steered us to dishes he thought we would enjoy, and offered suggestions. My friend really wants to try the "just for you" chef prepared 3 or 5 course meal thing, but i wasn't prepared for that. But seriously, a chef finds out what you like and don't, and custom designs a menu just for you? That's worth every penny. Be prepared for an experience, not a quick meal. Make sure you visit the restroom. I don't know about the men's room, but the women's has a sink that will make your jaw drop.Food was so amazing, I know I'll be back. Dessert was stellar, not just tiramisu (sp?)... but it looked like a flower in a pot, and had a real flower. It was delicious.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,6/15/2013,119,299,4,16,11>Look no more. This now is my designated place for the Vietnamese noodle soup. It is the grand opening day for this nice Vietnamese restaurant. It is brand new and very clean. The decor is simple and relaxing. We tried the Sizzling Crepes, Spicy Beef Noodle (me, me, me), and Fried rice for kids.Everything was delicious and fresh. Spicy beef noodle soup was really tasty and just a bit spicy. Both of my kids loved it more than Fried rice. They do have the additional hot sauce on side. It came with shredded cabbage and plenty mint and basil leaves which I love. The broth was dark and beef slices were fully braised so it was flavorful and tender. Kids and I fought over the noodles so we had to ask for additional plain noodle to add to the broth. Loved it.This is my first time trying Crepes in a none-French restaurant, The Crepes was made from rice flour and grilled to perfection. It has bean sprouts, shrimps, and port inside with mint, basil leaves, cucumber slices, and lettuce on the plate. I topped the veggies on the crepes and added a bit of spicy sauce. Yum! The fried rice was really decent too with green beans, peas, and corn. A nice plate for kids.I also loved the iced coffee which was very strong with sweet cream, imagining Thai tea but with Coffee. The services were wonderful. They were still figuring out their ways as the waitress needed to ask the kitchen before answered my questions. They were trying to accommodate us as much as they can. The total damage for three of us was $27 including the coffee and soft drinks. Currently they are running 20% off everything till the Dec. 21st. So try this new place now...
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,6/14/2013,414,227,5,8,8>In short? An amazing experience. Period.I am currently 29 weeks pregnant with a little girl (our fifth child) and seeing how this is my final "hurrah!" to gestating, we really wanted to cherish every moment of this pregnancy. I found Peek A Belly 3D on facebook of all places, but a quick check of their Yelp reviews--and their facebook page--and I was certain this was the place for our final non-medical ultrasound. My girls (5, 4, and 3 years old) were having a special "Girls Day" with grandma, so my husband, my six year old son, and yours truly (plus one ;) headed over to Peek A Belly to see if we could snag a few quality images of our baby girl (due on Valentine's Day). While the location itself is a little hard to find, I must admit that once you get there, you KNOW you're in the right place. The waiting room is huge and very, very inviting, and the prices are entirely reasonable. The tech is one of the owners and she is magnificent. She is very personable and we clicked immediately. She took some amazing pictures of our beautiful baby girl--she even caught a smile on of the shots!--and my six year old son was floored by the whole experience in the most amazing way. The entire place was spotless and the rooms were warm and comfortable. We never felt rushed and we the tech was warm, confident, and experienced (she's been dealing in ultrasound technology since the 1970's). In short, between two successful pregnancies (three of my kids are adopted), we've tried out three separate ultrasound spots and Peek A Belly 3D is the clear winner! If you found this review because you were looking for a solid choice for a non-medical ultrasound to commemorate your pregnancy, look no further. Peek A Belly is where it's at. :)  Oh, and congratulations and best wishes for a happy, healthy pregnancy!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,6/13/2013,73,90,8,7,8>Not only does cauliflower grow year round, but it goes really well with peanuts!? who would have thought!  ~that was one of the sides that came with my Coconut Milk Braised Short Rib. Another side was green potatoes that were that color because of a Basil infusion. and lastly atop this meat and vegetable tower. lime zested apples with some kinda seeds in it. everything was delicious.Any meat lover would agree that this is the BEST SHORT RIB IN THE CITY. Across any culture, this is the most succulent- dripping wet fat- delicate cut of heaven. and get this, it was Valentines day so wile making the reservation you can add a bouquet of roses for your table! **Reservations are a great idea for this place if you plan on going around dinner time.**the gf ordered the Lobster Risotto- it was pretty great. zzzllliippzoupzip Rewind! lets talk about the Pate appetizer. it was $10 but totally WORTH THE PORTION SIZE. it was really fun to try and budget the large cup of Pate with the amount of flat bread served with it. also the house made pickles and mustard sauce are fun to make little sandwiches out of, and try to master the most perfectly balanced bite.   this place is a diamond in the rough and can compete with any seasonal Michelin star restaurant in the city. *this place is BETTER THAN PERENNIAL VIRANT! and similar style as well. GREAT PORTIONS. --WORTH THE MONEY --KILLER BEER/COCKTAIL/WINE LIST including a sparkling pinot noir that was the best 'champaign' i had ever had. this kind of restaurant makes me want to know more about food. it is inspiring. USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/12/2013,57,59,6,10,7>So Red Chopsticks is a new restaurant that has sprouted among the retail weeds of New York and Rt. 59. (In case you're brain has blocked out the eyesore of the dying strip mall, its the one with the Best Buy and the Fox and the Hound). The building sticks out since it's structure is unique, with bright red paneling. A few of my co-workers and I have been dying to get in there, but after a particularly hard workout session, my sister and I decided to treat ourselves to a night of Pad Thai.Ambiance: You can tell this is a place that is still definitely still trying to get their sea legs. The layout itself is typical of a fast casual eatery - attractive tables and booths laid out in grids. That's pretty much where it ends though, since you are greeted at the door by a fairly well stocked bar and really beautiful golden wire lamps. (I'm a sucker for the aesthetic; these things amplify an experience for me).Service: Here's where Red Chopsticks really shined. The place was totally empty when we walked in, but all the of the waitstaff seemed diligently working. (Granted, we walked in around 8:30; I'm guessing we missed the dinner rush.) Our waiter Pablo was a total sweetheart and did not leave us wanting for anything. He was on top of refills, met every request with a smile, and checked up on the food twice. Though I can't remember her name, our hostess was also equally polite, saying she hoped we enjoyed our experience. I know saying something like that is so minor and automated for restaurants, but she was so earnest and I am absolutely convinced that it really *was* important to her (and all the waitstaff we encountered) that we enjoyed our experience.Food: And then we get to the food. The food itself was solid, but we didn't really get anything that blew us away. The crab rangoon was typical; the standout was the thin and slightly spicy duck sauce we had for dipping. The Chicken Satay was sadly a little chewy and there simply was not enough peanut sauce served for the two piece set. My sister asked for the Pad Thai with curry and tofu, which was absolutely delicious. We also got the Sesame Chicken, which avoided the over-sweet tendency of most other restaurants. Over all, it was a good meal at a great price. For all the food listed above, it was about $35 without tip. I'd say if you're shopping in the area and are craving Asian food that isn't Panda Express, Red Chopsticks is a pretty solid choice.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,6/11/2013,127,193,7,7,6>I love the Tivoli.  My first experience here was Christmas '11, seeing "Holiday Inn" for the first time with my good friend Melissa H.  You definitely step back in time walking in for the first visit.  The theatre is split into Aisles!  Step in the moviehouse and you feel like you're in a dream.  The Tivoli has been beautifully restored.For Holiday Inn, they had the old pipe organ cranking, and people were happily singing along to the carols on the screen.  Then the lights went down, the movie started up and people started applauding!  When was the last time you saw that?  Applause after every musical number.  THIS is what the Golden Age of moviegoing must have been like, and I am now a convert to the throwback ways.Free refills on any size popcorn or drink, and a Classic Rewards card enhance your value.  Plus, the last Friday of each month sees a special midnight showing of classic films.  I have seen Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future and Planes, Tranes and Automobiles during these showings, and they are always great times.  I love the company that has committed to running classic theatres like the Tiv, and only wish they had gotten to the DuPage Theatre in Lombard before its untimely demise.Let's all go to the movies!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,6/10/2013,123,246,6,10,7>What a great local hidden gem this place is. Imagine a sushi version of Cheers. Sure it's not some pseudo-fancy wannabe contemporary joint with ear screeching techno blaring through the speakers causing a person to eat an unnecessarily fancy maki roll at a meth induced pace but the plain homely feel is just what I was looking for.  Yup, the sights have been set on Sushi Ya. Minami is here to show you how it should be done.The place was packed at prime time on a Friday evening so in hopes of a little separation from conversation din of the main dinner crowd, we opted to plop ourselves right in front of the sushi chef. Min, the sushi chef, is also an owner and took great care of us. Mind you, he's Korean and my general opinion of Korean owned/run sushi restaurants are typically dismal at best but they are also almost impossible to avoid so I decided to give it a shot.  I was never happy with the service and food quality at sushi Ya so I was looking to fill the void of local casual sushi joint for my pedestrian sushi needs and Minami certainly seems to be filling said void very well so far.It's important to note that there is really nothing fancy about MInami. Min serves up some great fish without the pretentious notions that seem to surround so many other establishments these days.  They have PLENTY of seating so although I saw a few larger parties waiting for a few minutes there was generally very little wait time at peak hours. I've got a feeling that this may change in the future as others discover this quaint little corner of a strip mall and all the goodness it has to offer. Great for large groups as they have a separated area that I assume is there for just this purpose.  While Chef Min was furiously rolling maki, I carefully inspected the quality of the fish in his cooler and was happy to find that the quality appeared visually to be very fresh and consistent. I was even happier to taste the fish that he cut generous and beautifully shaped portions of for our sashimi combo. No frozen BS here. Everything tasted fresh and the texture and temp was right on. We also ordered a soft shell crab as an appetizer and although presentation was a little plain (as is all the dishes here) the breading was just right and the dipping sauce well crafted. We were just in for a few drinks and a light dinner but my wife being the occasional maki fiend that she is decided to order one of those monstrosities covered in something like 16 different sauces rolled to heroic proportions. I think it was called the King Kong roll and I have to say that even though I'm not really a fan of rolls, the King Kong was an explosion of flavors that rounded off our meal quite well.The service that we received was attentive but not intrusive, which is just the way I like it. Observing that we were having a long and leisurely meal, Sarah who seems to be the head server/manager came over to chat with us after we were done eating. Although she seems young, she exuded charisma and a sense of hospitality and experience that extends beyond a superficial greeting and smile. She chatted with us and gave us another round of the fancily cut oranges my wife liked so much.While viewing the menu I spotted some decently priced lunch special items and made a mental note to stop by for lunch sometime.  In fact, most of the pricing on the menu items are either fair or downright cheap considering the quality and portions. This is truly an affordable every day type of sushi restaurant.I wouldn't be surprised if they remembered us the next time we come because that's just the type of personal service that people seem to receive here and that is exactly what I am looking for. I'll be back soon to sample more of their menu.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/9/2013,25,285,5,7,5>The owner, Violeta, is passionate about chocolate, and after attending a tasting of four grand cru hot chocolates, so am I. She prepared the chocolate simply with hot water and served it in tiny cups for a jolt of pure, intense, complex flavor. The Tanzanie Origine Rare 75% from East Africa was my favorite -- dark and fruity with an earthy overtone. Maracaibo 65% from Venezuela was a close second -- rounded and complex with a hint of cinnamon. She also stocks reasonably-priced gourmet chocolate truffles and omg turtles that she makes in small batches by hand. There was a good selection of gelato too and since I'd already exceeded a calorie record for the day I had a scoop of stracciatella that was deliciously full of tiny chocolate bits. Oh boy am I in trouble now that I've discovered this place.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/8/2013,65,197,4,9,6>A diamond in the ruff.  I have driven past this place countless times without a second thought until my daughter's boyfriend mentioned a place on Algonquin Rd.. with the best Chinese food he has had, and he has eaten in Hong Kong.  OK, so maybe not as  Fancy, but it has all the favorites.  The Sesame Beef is crispy and sliced very thin, the Kung Pao Shrimp was awesome (spicy for those of you faint of heart) but plenty of shrimp and sooo tasty.  The Hot N'Sour soup was great--some places make it too vinegary or garlicky but this was just the right balance.It was packed on a Saturday night, and the takeout window was constantly busy.  I would have given it 5 stars but service was lacking, two servers for the whole room, someone must have called in sick.  It won't stop me from going back, it was well worth the wait.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/7/2013,98,221,11,18,18>I've been talking about going to this place for months, MONTHS!, now and just never made it over here.  We finally went this past weekend, and OHMYGAWDWHY did I wait so long to come here!?!  This place easily has some of the best food in the south suburbs.We got the BBQ shrimp and Voodoo Nuts as appetizers, and both were fantastic.  I'm not a huge sausage fan, but   I really enjoyed the Blue Crab Bisque.  It was way lighter than any bisqu I've had and had a bright, lemony flavor too it.  For my entree I ordered the blackened scallops.  These were some of the best scallops I've ever had in my entire life.  They were masterfully prepared and melt in your mouth.  Scallops are a finnicky thing to prepare so I've been disappointed more than once.  The sweet potato fries were good, but probably the least impressive of everything I ate.  My compainions ordered the massive porkchop and the Crabe avec Crabe.  I had bites of both and both were delicious.  I think I might go for my own crab next time around.  I'm not a big fan or pork chops/ pork products that aren't bacon, and would even consider ordering the porkchop (if it were about a quarter of the size...)  The food was so good we couldn't skip dessert so we ordered the bread pudding which was actually bananas foster bread pudding and amazing.  One of the most amazing things about the food was how subtly flavorful the food was while still being absolutely packed with flavor.The selection of craft beers (26) is outstanding.  They don't just throw some Three Floyd's on the menu and call it a day.  They have an impressive list with several beers on the list I've never seen/ heard of.Our waitress, Wendy, was fantastic - so friendly.We sat in the (newly renovated) four seasons room off the side.  The decor was not at all what I was expecting.  I was expecting more dive bar, less classy restaurant.  In any case, it was absolutely lovely.  I think it was a little on the pricey side, but I didn't feel like we overpaid.  The quality was definitely there.It took me forever to make the trip here, but I most definitely won't wait that long before my next trip!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,6/6/2013,160,654,5,12,5>Do you love music, I mean REALLY love music? If you do, Arcada Theatre is for you. Located near the heart of St. Charles maybe a block from the Fox River, this old-fashioned theatre is now a hub for classic rock performers of the 70s and 80s. I came here to see former ELP drummer Carl Palmer with his own band. Once inside, the charm of the original theatre was plainly visible. A long lobby leads you past a Starbucks, candy store and a ticket window inside. On the opposite side, there's a vendor table and even an "Italian beef sandwich sliders" cart in case you need a beef before the show.Inside, the seating is elegant and the walls are ornate. While this is not as pretty as Chicago Theatre, Arcada retains the old theatre aura, right down to the house organ player, who emerges from an enclosure on the floor, seated on a platform with the antique instrument and descends back down as the show is about to begin. He's an older gentleman who probably is almost as old as the theatre itself. The owner, Ron Onesti, introduced him before the show, saying humorously that the organist came with the building.What I love about this place is the variety of shows booked, from "Jersey Boys" to classic rock cover bands, to older rock or metal bands that can't get into the Ticketmaster venues anymore and rely on outlying clubs or theatres such as this one to have a stage to perform. Tickets are also more affordable than through the TM gauntlet. Ron Onesti has a class operation and is genuinely interested in pleasing his audiences with acts they want to see and has found a niche for acts you can't see anywhere else these days.The seats are comfortable and the place is well maintained. The bathrooms are small but in good shape despite the age of the building. Having the Starbucks and Chicago Turtle Factory as essentially independent businesses acting as the concessions for this place works out quite well in the end. I found myself going to the candy shop twice and even got some things to bring home after the show.I look forward to coming back here for "Genesis Revisited" with Steve Hackett in September, or maybe sooner if another great show pops up on the schedule.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/5/2013,21,77,3,9,7>I finally found my favorite Japanese restaurant in the Chicago area!  I moved to the Chicago burbs from Atlanta back in '08 and haven't been able to find a Japanese restaurant that rivaled my favorite in Atlanta until now.  Most restaurants that I have found are primarily about sushi, while Japanese cuisine is an after thought.  So much of Japanese cuisine is delicious that it's a unfortunate that it isn't better represented in restaurants.  But that's neither here nor there, so I'll move on to the review!Isakaya Sankyu is a great balance of quality food and reasonable prices (with one exception that I'll get to later).  My wife and I went for lunch on Saturday.  The place was practically empty.  With not many people to wait on, we got some great service.  They started with some very good complimentary hot green tea.  Our cups were never less than half full before they would come back and top them off.  I ordered the tonkatsu ramen, which was very good.  It was $7 and change, and I was told I could get the ramen set for only $1 more, which included a choice of crunchy gyoza or pork shumai.  I went with the gyoza and they were delicious (not the frozen out of the bag variety).  I also went with a Rock and Roll maki (hamachi and unagi).  For only $5.50, I felt like I was stealing from them.  I thought that they might make the roll smaller, since it was so inexpensive.  Boy was I wrong!  The maki was cut into 8 pieces with a good amount of fish and eel in there.  That made up for the $4.50 single piece of unagi nigiri that my wife had ordered.  The nigiri are the only part of the menu that seem expensive to me.  Everything else is reasonable to cheap in price.  That being said, she really enjoyed that piece of eel.  It looked very good and was a decent sized piece of eel.  She also ordered the katsu don (her favorite) and the shrimp tempura appetizer.  I tried a little of both (I often eat off of her plate) and they were both very good.Every aspect of the meal was very good and for a little more than $30 we had quite the feast.  With Mitsuwa just a mile away, we now have at our disposal a nice Japanese-themed outing in the suburbs.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,6/4/2013,51,217,15,11,8>Slap someone.  Right now, you'll thank me later.   This is the best BBQ that I have had in the burbs in a long...ever.  The meat is so tender and well smoked and the sauce is a nice flavor.  THE PORTIONS ARE HUGE.  I couldn't decide since it was my first time here so I got the fat kid special, it may have been called something else, but it was three meals and a snack for me.  It was so damn good.  I mean you will want to destroy something beautiful after you eat the ribs.  Its such an amazing experience that you'll want to kick a panda in the shins to make up for all the joy that just happened to you from a few mouthfuls.  But if you want to get really inspired get the fries.  Cajun-Garlic.  They have other flavor options, but I wouldn't know what they are or care.  It was suggested to me to combo the garlic flavoring with the cajun flavoring.  And BOOOOM.  That's it.  Worlds ended, angels trumpeted, pants were in need of changing.  I know what you're thinking "but their fresh cut fries, those can't be good."  And typically fine citizen you are correct, but lo and behold the holy grail of how not to screw things up...excitement abounds.EAT HERE NOW.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/3/2013,89,150,3,13,4>No down dog or child's pose in this yoga studio!  Get ready for "the awkward pose", lotus, tree and 23 other poses...that would complete the 26 standard bikram yoga poses.The Bikram Yoga sign is visible from 53 on the back of their building.  Entrance is around the front. Leave your shoes at the door!  In the bathroom there are 4 nice clean showers and an open changing room with a cubby hole shelf unit to stow your belongings. Not a big fan of the complete lack of privacy or not having my purse locked in a locker, but by the end of class I was too hot and sweaty to care about anything except a shower!  Arrive a few minutes early to enter the "hot room" and lay on your mat to adjust to the steamy 105 degree temp.  Good thing there is not a clock in there because being a first timer to bikram there got to be a point when I just kept wondering how many minutes I had left!  The hot room is really nice...mirrors all around and some kind of velvety soft yoga carpeting.  I had class with Maria today and while she does not demo the poses, she pointed out the seasoned bikram yogis so that I could find a good spot to watch the moves and follow along.  Maria explains every move and encourages and pushes you to follow through.  She is an expert!  CLASS SEQUENCE:- Breathing/warm up (15 ish minutes)- Standing poses ( 30 minutes)- Seated poses (40 minutes)- Breathing/savasana (5 minutes)That is kind of how it worked! So at least you will know that you are approximately  half way through class once you begin the seated poses.  Really, you can do this!  It's hot, but it is manageable.  I signed up for the new student 14 consecutive days for $24 plan.  I am ready to go back...feeling like I had a great work out today!  Just FYI, I did drink my entire 24 ounce water bottle during class and since being home I seriously can not stop drinking water.  WATER!!!!!There is a water bottle refill fountain in the hall between the locker rooms!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/2/2013,176,176,8,8,7>A Mexican and a Brazilian walk into a restaurant....Well, actually, there's no joke here. This is about the marriage of two great flavors! I grew up eating Mexican food. But I haven't had much occasion to sample the flavors of Brazilian food until now. And believe me, this fusion of food will have me coming back for more.A friend had been raving about the food at Changarro and invited me to join her for dinner one evening. I ordered Enchiladas Verdes, the standard entree I order to compare with other Mexican restaurants. They only offer chicken filling, which was fine by me. Overall, they were pretty good and had a decent amount of heat. The dinner plate came with four enchiladas, rice and beans.Now, I don't typically eat a lot of red meat. I do like ground beef in my enchiladas on occasion, but there's no ground beef at Changarro. Instead, they have Brazilian chopped beef and, seriously, you have got to try it!My friend ordered Memelitas, something I had never heard of. Memelitas are homemade corn flat breads with your choice of topping. When my friend ordered hers with Brazilian beef, I immediately assumed the meat would be tough, chewy and hard to swallow like some steak tacos I've had at other Mexican restaurants and taquerias. But, WOW, this was some awesome beef! Full of flavor, tender and definitely something I will order in the future.By the way, we tried three of their Margaritas too. The Mangorita was probably the favorite. They had one with guava which was a good second choice. The Fresa Fresca had  strawberries which were a bit chunky, but still good. Not too overpowering with the alcohol and not your "fishbowl" size either. These seemed more classy. There were a handful of other creative drink concoctions to try too.I stopped back in for lunch on another day and tried their Chicken Enchilada Soup and a chicken taco with avocado. The soup was hearty, full of chicken and large enough to suffice for lunch. Maybe a bit too much salt in the soup for my taste preferences, but still good nonetheless. The chicken in the taco was juicy and tender, the perfect compliment to my soup.Decent guacamole too, in addition to their complimentary chips with avocado-cilantro sauce and another red sauce to which they add a bit of honey.On their menu, I'm already eyeing their Ensalada de Jicama, which is a salad with Jicama, pear, cress, lettuce, hearts of palm, pine nuts and cilantro vinaigrette. You won't find that in a typical Mex restaurant, let alone in West Chicago.Changarro has united the flavors of Mexico and Brazil and brought them to a suburb that needed a unique twist on good food and flavors. Here's to a long and happy union!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,6/1/2013,298,465,6,10,7>Finally made it out here last night for a late night dinner with Fred.  It's located in a little strip in front of a big strip mall.  Nice, clean spot and just as nice inside.We were the only ones there when we got there at around 9 PM, but it shortly picked up after only being in there for a few minutes.  We ended up ordering the Chicken and Waffle (with the wings not the strips), Crispy Cheesesteak, Buffalo Fries and an original lemonade.  So yeah...basically one of everything!!  Kidding!  But seriously...it was fat time up in there...and I LOVED every minute of it!!The food came out quickly and was awesome!!!  Let me start off by saying...best.cheesesteak.in.Chicagoland.area.  Such a great concept to deep fry it, it keeps all the cheesy juiciness inside and that crunch on the outside is amazing!  Mmmm mmm!!  The chicken and waffles was magic in my mouth...crispy, salty, sweet, slightly doughy...everything I hoped it would be.  And that breading on the wings is so crispy and perfectly seasoned.  So good!  The buffalo fries were very tasty, I just wish they were crispier.  But that would probably require less sauce, which would make them less buffalo-y...it's a double edged sword, really.  But I would DEF order them again cause I LOVE me some buffalo sauce!  The lemonade was a frozen version which froze my teeth, but in a good way!  Nice and cold...would be perfect on a summer night!The prices are right, the location is easy to get to and the food is fantastic!  If you haven't tried Baby's yet...get your ass over there and give 'em a try...you will NOT regret it and your taste buds will thank you!!  PS...to top off our amazing fat fest..."Bands a Make Her Dance" was playing as we left...so OF COURSE I had to shake my ass the whole way out.  Thank you Baby's for making my night fantastic!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/31/2013,31,104,7,9,7>I had heard a lot of good things about the Bricks in Lombard,  unfortunately I was too lazy make the drive over there to try it. Thankfully they were successful enough to branch out near me to accommodate lazy asses like myself. Located next to a Starbucks this place is a small quaint little pizza shop in downtown Wheaton. What stands out as you enter is the gigantic wood burning oven.(See picture)  Its huge and takes up like 1/4 of the space inside. Being a bit of a pizza snob, this was a good sign.  Now lets talk about food, I had the:Side Salad: pretty big for a side salad, it comes with a sweet balsamic dressing that I really like. (3.50)Mild Sausage Pizza with roasted Garlic: All the pizza's here are personal 12 inch pizza's which I like and mine came the way I like it. The crust is very thin and chewy. When you pick up a slice the front sort of flops around so its best to eat it folded NY style. Cheese was good and doesn't drag off the slice. The sausage is clearly not run of the mill sausage, and the sauce was semisweet which I really like on thin crust. (around 12 bucks)Overall this is as good as it gets in the burbs in terms of thin crust pizza. Normally I would find some flaw to take a star away but this place actually pleasantly surprised me with its staff. You walk in and you see what looks like a bunch of teens in the kitchen. Normally I expect sh*tty service with a side of equally sh!tty attitude with people this young but these guys and gals were great. They were quick, knowledgeable and polite. Can't get much better than this. GO CHECK IT OUT!!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,5/30/2013,66,166,7,7,8>I've driven past here a bazillion times, since I live in the area and it's been here awhile. I've visited other businesses in this strip mall. But until yesterday, I never stopped here. I had a pounding hunger headache and I needed to hit the auto parts stores over in this area to look for some parts. Yelp reviews told me about how this place had fantastic homemade teriyaki sauce. As a longtime Japanese food fan, I'm usually not the biggest fan of teriyaki -- mainly because a lot of people get lazy with it and just use store-bought sauce. If you're going to do it in a restaurant, make it your own. I don't think that's too much to ask. This place does. Also, as soon as you walk in, you see that they have two things on every table: a bottle of their homemade teriyaki sauce (so you don't have to ask for extra if you eat in), and a bottle of Sriracha. (Proper Sriracha -- no Lee Kum Kee bootleg cocksauce here!) Lunch special is great. You get a little salad with a nice homemade creamy dressing, fluffy rice (white rice is included, but you can substitute fried for an additional charge), and your meat of choice. I had chicken. I'll upload photos in a moment. Drinks selection is your typical fountain stuff augmented by a cooler full of iced tea/energy drinks/Vitamin Water/Sobe. I wish they offered hot tea, but that's a minor quibble. Their homemade teriyaki sauce is great. Add Sriracha to the fluffy white rice and contrast the layered spiciness with the sweet/salty teriyaki and have a very happy party. In your mouth. I heard what I said. They also offer free samples if you're not sure. Stop in and give it a try. I want to try the spicy pork next time. :9
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,5/29/2013,31,287,12,12,9>Pride comes before fall and with two glasses of milk. That's what happened to me after eating Frato's Adult Mac and Cheese Pizza with Inferno Sauce. The notorious Candice G's review brought me here. Shame on me for not trying this place after living within walking distance of Frato's for the past seven years. For the record, I got my @&$ kicked by the Inferno sauce. It was flavored with the ghost chili and I was only able to eat five pieces before my ears started ringing. For a moment, I thought I was going to hallucinate and start seeing a talking coyote like when Homer ate that pepper in The Simpsons. It had me calling out my safe word in submission. Talk about adult, the sauce is XXX rated and shouldn't be anywhere near children. I didn't even dare touching my baby after having sauce on my fingers. The flavors were full and bold but wow was it spicy. It was the first time that I had to drink two cups of milk after eating a pizza. For those who are looking for intense spice or are masochistic in nature, Frato's has several items on the menu to make your lips and @#$ burn. With free Kinect play, video game tournaments, and other naughty items on the menu, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/28/2013,280,274,8,8,8>I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke who says this place has the best Lamb Shoulder Chops.Seriously, the lamb here is so richly marbled you might think this is Kobe Beef. The result is that the meat is tender and delicious. It isn't gamy at all.My wife will only eat lamb from Caputo's. You still need to hand select the best of the lot. Buy a few chops and grill with rosemary and garlic. You can't go wrong. It's also very inexpensive (spend $15 to feed two people).Head on down to the produce section and pick up some fresh basil, ripe tomatoes, and some fresh fruit. There is a terrific selection of seasonal produce.Go to their deli and grab some fresh made mozzarella followed by a visit to the condiment aisle for Extra Virgin Olive Oil and good Balsamic Vinegar. They have a million different varieties.Nice Italian Dinner for Two: Done.Caputo's brings a little bit of Italy into the Burbs.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/27/2013,124,515,7,9,6>Who writes a review about an annual visit? The person who has an over the top experience. I love this place. Not like your favorite food type of love but the if you had to visit an office for an appointment, which is your favorite. I know. But let me start by saying,  this is a fabulous healthcare facility!  I found the staff to be engaging and knowledgeable.  Cindy checked my blood pressure and weight. During the dread of stepping on the scale, we had lighthearted conversation and a few laughs. I thanked her for taking my pressure before the weigh in. She assured me that was by design. Cindy asked me for some basic information that she filled out on the forms. It was so nice to tell someone your history as opposed to having to write it all down yourself. It was a real treat. And all the while, I talked with Cindy as if we had "met" before. She kept me laughing. When she left, I prepared for the doctor's routine how are you? entrance. And then, Dr. Rogers taps and then enters bubbling, with a big smile yet calming demeanor. I would have thought she was on the evening shift and I was her first patient of the day, but she mentioned details of her day and the number appointments.  Dr. Rogers was very detailed, knowledgeable, informative, patient and pleasant. She repeatedly asked if I had any questions. Each time, I almost felt the need to think of a question just to see if the happy go lucky demeanor would change. This was such a refreshing and delightful experience. And to my surprise, I was finished in about 75 minutes. I received goodies too. Yes, I received goodies. You will have to make an appointment if you want to be in on the details of the goods.  Dr. Rogers and Cindy you rock! See you next year.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,5/26/2013,133,66,9,7,8>Let me preface this review by introducing my furry babies, Poppy and Stanley, who have requested that they be given a Yelp-y voice to rave about Randall Oaks. And as I can never resist those puppy-dog eyes -- I will now be turning the keyboard over to them.Woof! My name is Ran-rey (translation - Stanley) and I ROOOVE (ahem, LOVE) Randall Oaks Animal Hospital! They are always willing to squeeze me in for impromptu visits -- like the time I drank Mommy's coffee and she was worried that I would get sick...or the time I got into the potpourri and got a serious tummy ache...and even the time I got those weird itchies all over my belly. I know Mommy gets a little embarrassed every time she has to take me in for my bad-doggie moments -- but the doctors never make her feel like she is doing a bad job. They understand that sometimes -- bad-doggie moments happen. But they do have a lot of literature available to help remind other pet parents about some of the dangers for us furry ones -- especially around the Holidays. Oh, and they always give me treats! Lots and lots of treats, as long as I sit for them really good on the table. And if I remember to give them kisses on the way out they'll even give me more treats for the car! But I always eat them before we get to the car. And then I'm sad when I don't have anything to eat on the ride home. Mommy says I need to learn about delayed gratification.  Grrr...My name is Poppy. I may be wittle (little), but I'm FUR-ocious! Rawr! I'm equal parts scaredy-cat and nervous nelly -- and I don't trust ANYONE. I don't really like leaving the house, since most places make me so nervous that I shake. Literally! But I don't shake that much at Randall Oaks. The doctors know that I have trust issues, and they make sure to talk to me in a soothing voice -- and even pet me a little bit before starting the exam. They wait until the shakes have calmed down before doing anything doctor-y like checking in my ears or touching me with that cold thing they wear around their neck. And they know that Mommy gets sad when I cry while getting my shots, so they always take me out of the room for that part so that Mommy doesn't cry too. The doctors try to give me treats as a peace offering after the exam, but I never take them. Sometimes I pretend like I will, but when they put it in my mouth -- I let it fall out onto the floor. Mommy says I'm a snob, but the doctors laugh and give her the treats for later. When I'm back in the car, in my safety harness and SURE that we're not going back for any more doctor stuff -- I'll eat the treats. Okay, here's Mommy now -- she has some stuff to add.Stanley and Poppy pretty much summed it up! Poppy has been a patient of Randall Oaks since the day I brought him home -- six years ago! Like he said, he doesn't really enjoy too many places -- but he does amazingly well at Randall Oaks. They know just how to sweet talk him into a semi-calm state. Though he hasn't required much outside of annual check-ups -- we did bring him to Randall Oaks for some pretty major dental work (requiring anesthesia and everything!), and they were very helpful in talking us through the procedure and associated costs. Stanley, on the other hand, has had almost as many visits to the vet in his two years as Poppy has had in his six! He is the picture of a playful puppy -- even at two years old, he is always getting into or trying to eat something that he shouldn't. He's been seeing the good doctors at Randall Oaks since he was smaller than Poppy (true story!) -- and they can't get over how big he's grown (25 pounds of scruffy, overly-friendly, can't-stop-licking-you doggie goodness).  As he mentioned, it can get pretty awkward each time I have to bring him in for his ailment du jour -- but the staff at Randall Oaks is always happy to see him, and never once have they made me feel like a terrible mom to my furry babes. Oh, and because we all know how pricey veterinarian bills can get -- gotta Love a place that accepts coupons! At our recent visit, we redeemed coupons for $20 off PLUS a $15 rebate on Heartgard Plus and Buy 6, get 2 Frontline doses -- per dog! Their way of showing appreciation for allowing them to be your pet-meds supplier. Looking to save even more money? They'll give you $5 off your next visit for every new pet that you refer!Whether your furry friend is more like my scared-of-everything Poppy or my too-friendly Stanley -- Randall Oaks Animal Hospital can cater to both. With an uber-knowledgeable group of doctors in their practice, beyond-friendly front-of-house staff, and a clean (and cheery!) location -- I could not be happier entrusting my pups' care to them!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/25/2013,178,365,7,10,9>SPOILER:  This review is ONLY for the beer.  I don't care about German food, I don't care about atmosphere, I don't care about authenticity, etc.  What I DO care about is beer.  I don't really go for German beers, typically, because they are pretty bland.  I prefer my beers to have strong dark malt or coffee/espresso flavors OR strong hoppy notes.  German beers usually have neither.  They are solid, and smooth, but lack serious bite.  That said, the Hefe here is pretty damn good.  I went in to get a sampler, but after seeing that the smallest pour they offer is a 10 oz., I just picked the one I knew I would enjoy.  And a 10 oz. pour I got.  After grasping my baby sized beer and scanning the restaurant and seeing huge mugs and boots of beer I felt a little ridiculous, but you've got to start somewhere, right?  RIGHT?  The Hefe here is really good, actually.  It's got great citrusy and spicey notes and a nice cloudy appearance.  It is VERY easy drinking and I can no doubt put a boot of this down in no time.  (Challenge accepted, by the way...)I will definitely be back to chug a boot and enjoy some live German music and food.  Got to wash the beer down with something, yes?
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/24/2013,261,335,14,10,10>I knew this day would come. I knew the pressure would be on me. I knew that ketchup, ketchup related items, or conversational words including ketchup were off the table. We were just rounding the bend before turning into Gene & Jude's; their yellow sign beckoning. What was also beckoning was a lot full of cars and folks standing in a big long line. It looked like a raid.The wait was worth it. I really get a kick out of the conveyor belt efficiency of this little place that even Rachael Ray feels is iconic. Windows were steamed to the gills and no one eating seemed to be curling their waxed papered food up in a ball and leaving in a huff. I would say a great night at Gene & Jude's.Finally, we closed in on the place of honor: time to order. But not before the guy in front of me asks for ketchup. NO! A large group of heads, that had been previously bent over their weenies, stopped in mid chew and stared. I'm glad they weren't looking at me.Not to worry, our orders went great, the food was great, even the fries were great. You have to try this spot at least once. And when they are on their game, simply great!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/23/2013,287,787,10,16,14>Spring Street in Elmhurst kind of has that old timey Main Street USA feel to it--there's a tavern, a bank, a mechanics garage, some family-owned restaurants, a hardware store and then BAM!--a sleek and shiny wine bar. Cuvee Cellars is tops on my list for sipping and browsing. I've wanted to visit for a while and  we spent a nice time sipping on wine, noshing on a fruit/cheese plate and browsing for bottles to take home. The gent behind the bar was very helpful and very knowledgeable about wine without any pretension or snobby attitude.  His recommendations for reds were exactly what I was looking for, so much I so I bought a bottle to enjoy at home as well.At the bar, there are several wines available by the glass and bottle and a small menu of small plates like cheese/fruit, hummus, charcuterie and chocolates. They don't offer wine flights per se, but the short pour option (about $6 each) makes making your own flight pretty doable and affordable.  There is some craft beer available as well as a full bar--which surprised me. But it's a nice option because there's always one person in your group that doesn't like wine, right?The wine shop has an array of wines from the US and abroad, and there are many quite affordable bottles. There are also some sleek wine accessories for sale. There's live music on Saturday nights and seasonal wine tastings throughout the year. The vibe while I visited was totally laid back and relaxing, but I plan to visit soon for live music Saturday nights!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/22/2013,151,128,13,21,16>This was FUN!My husband has been dropping hints now and then about wanting to brew his own beer. Ok, that's cool. He and I don't know anything about it, but if he wants to take a whack at it, I'll happily be the taste tester. When we entered this shop we were greeted by a very friendly, enthusiastic man behind the counter. He offered us a sample of our choice: in-house brewed cream soda, or a beer they call "banana bread". Cream-soda me up, Scotty! NOT. Hell yeah I want to try a beer called banana bread! It was easily a half-cup sample. Very delightful. A gentleman by the name of Kyle approached us to see if we had any questions. Questions? Only about a million. My husband yapped this poor guy's ear off for nearly half an hour while I wandered around the shop looking at brew-at-home books and marveling at all the different grains and seeds and flower-like things that can be used to make beer. (I'm sure those ingredients have more technical terms, but they are lost on me.) I know nothing about this hobby, but it seems to me this shop has everything you need to brew your own beer. The more I looked around, the more I became interested in this whole thing. The recipe kits they sell are so cool! (I posted a pic) So, we walked out of there with the starter kit, which includes ALL tools and doo-dads for brewing, including a huge-ass book the size of War and Peace, and the Witbier kit. Kyle was incredibly knowledgable, friendly, and PATIENT. If you're interested in this, go to Home Brew Shop and ask for Kyle. This guy knows his stuff!So who knows? Maybe in 5 years when my husband and I have launched our own super-successful brewing company and I'm sunning myself on the deck of our yacht while holding one of our own in a frosty chalice, I'll look back upon this day, this review, and say.........."It all started when..............."
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/21/2013,325,653,7,10,7>The Oak Park Arts District is about four blocks of galleries with two cafés (Eastgate and Buzz). There are tall sculptures marking each end of it on Harrison Street and tri-colored crosswalks throughout.I like the street festivals in the summer where you are awarded with granola bars and Whole Foods bags arriving on a bicycle. In fact, it's at one of these festivals that I learned that one of the galleries has free expression art sessions. I went to one once. It was free, but my expression didn't seem free [form] enough for the facilitator. Eh.Oh! As an aside, there's a gallery called Expressions where my parents had their art for a while. They had to volunteer to work in the shop in exchange for having their artwork there. Nothing ever sold.The festival was also where I got some neat earrings made out of recycled counter laminate and bike chains. They were kinda spendy, but they're some of my favorite jewelry so I guess it's worth it.The only thing that's missing from the Oak Park Arts District is an art museum of some sort. Without a museum (or maybe an art school), I see it as just another way for people who make art to sell it.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/20/2013,24,110,7,8,6>"Five guys? F#ck the Five Guys! Big Guys is where it's at!"Big Guys in Berwyn is an awesome little fast-food joint that is cool and unique enough to be something special but with enough of a down-to-earth, unpretentious blue-collar sensibility to make it stand apart from the annoying "foodie" scene. The food is delicious, and the staff is friendly, and they serve amazing fresh-cut fries! Prices are a little higher than most fast food, but hey, you get what you pay for, these guys make their own damn sausages! I've never had anything less than outstanding quality at Big Guys. They do a solid job on all the Chicago standards (dogs, beef, polish) but also branch out quite a bit with their crawfish Andouille sausage, Buffalo chicken sausage, and rotating sausages-of-the week, the most amazing of which was a seasonal duck sausage with bacon, arugula, slices of fresh fig and drizzled with bleu cheese sauce! Also don't miss out on their bone-in pork chop sandwich, pot roast sandwich and whiskey glazed Big Ham sandwiches!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/19/2013,63,74,9,8,6>After coming here for dinner for months, we finally had the lunch buffet at Maharaja!  And it was so freakin worth it! The food was excellent as always, the service Spot On, with water glasses constantly refilled, as well as the naan basket. (Man do we love us some agua as we carbo load!). And all for less than $10!? Wow.But the highlights are:1. A perfectly spiced and savory "vegetarian chili", which doesn't even appear to be on their regular menu.2. A homemade creamy mango ice cream (Don't be afraid folks. It's that bright orange stuff in the large steam table tray at the end of the buffet, that doesn't actually look like ice cream. I think my kids and I were the only ones brave enough to eat it. And we were rewarded greatly for our willingness to toss whatnot down our gullets. (It's a family skill).3. The always tender tandoor chicken.4. And best of all...the Paneer Makhani: which their menu meekly describes as, "Homemade cottage cheese cubes cooked in a savory tomato, onion,and mildly spiced cream sauce with fenugreek seeds."  Instead of "This unforgettable savory, slightly sweet, creamy, spicy sauce will shake you awake at night, breathless, with sordid memories of your luxurious time together. As you languidly lick your lips in anticipation of your next encounter."  Really. I should rewrite their menu for them.  Or maybe romance novels.But i digress....One thing that many of you Buffet-Billy-And-Bettys (you know who you are) will not appreciate, is that there aren't tons and tons of entree selections.  To them I say, "If you want to eat until you explode at any Old-Country-Home-Town-Questionable-Quality-High-­Volume-Buffet-Trough, please go there and stop standing in front of the Paneer Maktani!At Maharaja there aren't tons of entrees, but I'm not impressed with MORE. I'm impressed with EXCELLENCE. I'd rather have 5 really great dishes, instead of 50 piles of smoking...but I digress.And I ate until I was stuffed anyway...then went home and crashed on the couch...and shamefully watched a Teen Wolf marathon on Netflix...against my will of course.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,5/18/2013,216,123,9,10,11>A solid 24 hour diner...with doughnuts. Yes, that's right; It's also a doughnut joint. I used to love love LOVE when my folks would go to a giant shindig of ANY sort because it always ended in Dad making merry....and in turn, Mom swinging by Huck Finn's Pulaski location to snag a batch of  DElicious doughnuts. These days, I'm much further South, but still lucky enough to have access to a Huck Finn. Recently remodeled; kinda cozy with a slight nod to the mod. They do breakfast here all day long serving up fluffy flapjacks and eggs done any which way you please. For the breakfast bunch, if you prefer browned eggs, stick with their traditional style of tossing them on the grill, but if lighter eggs are what you seek, request your omelette "pan fried". Hash browns are sliced, never grated or greasy. If you want them crisp, order "extra crispy".  Their BLT, Turkey Club and french fries are good stuff.  Free refills on their iced tea and pop. Yay!  Personally, I'm a sucker for their liver and onions. Yep, I'm one of those oddballs that keeps crap like that on the menu...your grandparents...and me. *fist bump*  Soups here are pretty good. The bottomless breadbasket and java are house staples. Fresh fruit cups, low-cal options, salads and other vegetarian friendly dishes plus a bevy of savory desserts mean something for everyone. I suggest being VERY specific when you order. Do you want beef or turkey gravy? Your dish smothered in it, on the side or nix dat altogether?  I'm an au jus kinda gal myself, but diners love to drown their goods in gravy so speak up.  "Dinners" include soup or salad , choice of potato (you can sub with rice, slaw or fruit) and dessert, but a la carte is also available. Hell, skip the a la carte and go straight for pie a la mode if you please. Their peppermint ice cream is killer! Occasionally, I swing by just for a cup to go. I don't get a cone because of my whole funky peppermint-pieces ritual. Anywhooo.....This isn't where one comes to get adventurous so I recommend sticking to the basics; Those are sure to please.Noise level and crowd vary with the hours.Note:   Most of the waitresses here are awesome and part of why I enjoy coming here...but there's ONE. I won't divulge her name...just givin' ya a heads up. Request a move to another section if you find yourself in the unfortunate position of having been approached by a brooding, bossy killjoy. Ugh, what a mope!  When you see it........
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/17/2013,89,117,7,7,9>Maybe I'm bias, but I gave the full 5 because it was my first food truck and I like the idea. It also helped that the food was incredible.I was off work just in time nearby their spot for the day and when I found myself feet from the truck, I knew I had to capitalize on the opportunity. It's funny because I follow them on Facebook to get info on their schedule and I completely forgot to check it on the day I went, it was serendipitous. I went with the Great Dane and Greek fries and was very satisfied with my selection. I skipped the drink to avoid the cost but I might go for it next time and just pay extra for the full experience; that is, of course, if I dont already have my own beverage on hand. The sammich featured cheese and bacon, then was grilled to perfection and served with some greasy but very delicious fries, the Greek-ness of them was great. From now on I'm going to carry a $10 bill in pocket just in case I stumble upon the truck. If I plan to visit them again I'll bring friends for sure. I honestly wont mind standing in the cold every so often during the next few months while I wait for my grilled cheese.Oh yeah.[first draft of review]
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/16/2013,89,133,10,11,11>HOLY TARDIS OF GALLIFREY!! I FELT LIKE I DIED AND WENT TO FANGIRL HEAVEN! I've been wanting to visit this store for a long time and I finally went yesterday. I was so excited driving there that I completely missed it as I drove by. Its two blocks down from Glenbard east high school across the street from a sleep center in a small strip mall. Once I found my way back I pulled up and walked in super excited.They have stuff for some of the most popular fandoms out there. My particular flavor of geek includes Doctor Who and Harry Potter, among other things. I immediately made a b line towards the back left corner where all the Who stuff is. I was having heart palpitations because they sheer amount of stuff they have is amazing! They probably have the largest collection of Doctor Who stuff in America. They have a massive collection of comics, magazines, audio books, posters, DVDs, and toys. I was able to score a DVD I've been wanting forever here for a much cheaper price than I would've paid online. They're collection of Harry Potter stuff is pretty minimal but ill forgive them because they make up for it with their impressive Doctor Who collection. The lady working there was super nice. She helped me if I had any questions but mostly left me to fangirl in the Doctor Who section. I was able to walk out with some awesome stuff for a great price. Ill definitely be back here again soon. I'm going to recommend this store to all my fellow Whovians. Any geek would love this place! Hurry up and get here, you won't regret it. Allons-y!!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,5/15/2013,55,78,8,11,8>Great Authentic Mexican food with really cheap prices. This has been a neighborhood favorite of mine for about 6+ years. Every time I go here I feel welcomed by the great owner. Food:I love their gigantic food selection. I have enjoyed a variety of things over the years from their quesadilla to the tacos. You really can't go wrong with their Mexican selection. Though, I have never and probably will never try their American selection. My favorite however are their burritos! They are always full of flavor and packed with all the ingredients! The tomatoes and Avocado taste ripe and juicy. The meat is tender and flavorful! And the rice isn't bad at all with not too much sour cream. Every chew is a fusion of Mexican flavor that I thoroughly enjoy. The free chips quality always varies from stale to fresh, but their salsa is always good.Pro tips:Their Guacamole sucks, never get it. I think they put mayo in it :(Never have a Jumbo Steak Burrito and Horchata together. It won't feel good coming out lol.Service:Service is always fast and friendly. Food usually comes out within 5 - 8 minutes even with groups of 5. I have also never have met such a nice owner! He always takes the time to stop doing what he is doing to shake my had and say hello. He even calls me "Brother." I have never in my whole life felt valued as a customer. Even if I am gone for 6 months he still remembers me. If you start to come semi frequent, he will remember you!Atmosphere:Hole in the wall place. It got a lot bigger with the remodeling. Not much to look at, but the place is always clean with plenty of space. Place could use a little music, but it doesn't matter unless you go alone. Which I rarely do. The free wifi is also very fast.I'll be going here for a very long time. It's hard to forget such a great owner with great food!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,5/14/2013,107,399,4,13,4>Texture and flavor - these are the reasons why Koreana stands out among other local Korean restaurants. Except for TTOWA, I can't think of another Korean restaurant I've been to in the area which has executed both perfectly.Don't miss the seafood pancake here. Full of seafood and egg flavor, this entree sized appetizer is what seafood hash browns would taste like. Tons of chopped seafood, slightly crispy but slightly wet at the same time -- a perfect combination.The kalbi tang has a strong flavor of short rib with clear noodles and tons of green onion. It's a perfect soup to drink on a cold day but not so overwhelming you couldn't drink it on any day.The spicy tofu here stands out because the tofu has a silky smooth melt-in-your-mouth texture. I'm not vegetarian, but I couldn't stop myself from eating this.One of my biggest gripes about stone bowl rice dishes is when the rice isn't crispy from the stone bowl. No problem here as the bibimbap was served extremely hot where you could hear the rice sizzle long after it is set on the table.My favorite item was the rice cake with dumplings. Chewy rice cake with soft dumplings is probably one of my favorite chewy items next to mochi. The broth was perfectly light and but flavorful.Without trying any of the Korean BBQ items, I'm already excited about this restaurant. I can't wait to go back and see what else I'm missing!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/13/2013,154,291,4,8,6>You know you like a place when you end up going 2 times in a few days. Think of a Cosi's...Panera Bread...or Corner Bakery.... but MUCH MUCH better. You walk in to the wonderful smell of something delicious baking...maybe it is a pizza...or bread?The Menu is a bit complicated as a first timer. Salads, Sandwiches, Pizza, Gelato, Pastries, and probably more... I just didn't see it all. I ordered simple because I was really overwhelmed. Both times the place was crowded. Don't get scared by the long line..it moves quick. I ordered a side salad (really impressed with the dressing) and a chicken salad sandwich on a croissant. I could not get enough!!! I went right back a few days later for the same thing...the 2nd time I ordered an whole sandwich instead of half. Just from judging how crowded it was and how pleased everyone looked around (I think they were all regulars because they ordered so fast) I can see that this place is popular because it is good food!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/12/2013,137,199,3,9,12>As I write this review, it's been about one year to the day when the old Jackie's Pub burned down to the ground, thereby leaving Lockport void of one of the better watering holes in town.  Jackie and her bartenders have always been some of the friendliest people I've ever encountered across the bar, and speaking for myself, it's a real pleasure having them back.  The new building is brighter and more spacious than ever before, leaving plenty of room for an influx of new patrons who may have felt a little uncomfortable in her old place if they weren't a part of the regular crowd.  They're running specials for every night of the week and if you're a fan of Bloody Mary's, Sunday's your day to visit.  But if you're there to catch the game like I usually am, you'll find you get a front row seat to the action no matter where you're sitting.  Widescreen TVs are lined up side to side almost the whole way down the bar, not to mention a few on the opposite side and in the corners, too.  And if they don't have the particular game you're interested in on at the time, just ask.  They'll be more than happy to find it for you.So if you're in the Lockport area and get a little thirsty, stop in at Jackie's Pub on the East side of State St, just south of 10th.  And if you're driving, park in the back.  It's hard to tell from the road, but there's 10x the parking spots that you'll find in front.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/11/2013,166,121,5,7,7>I cannot stop gushing about how much I love this pork palace!!   Time for another update as I have been here three times in the past month.. This place has really been humming the past few times I was here, with lines out the door, each time.  I think we stopped in on a weekday evening, a Friday night and a Sunday afternoon and each time it was packed.  Good thing is that the owner and his staff run this place like a well oiled machine.   Just be sure to look over the menu in line and have your order ready, because you can't get stage freight when it is your turn to step up and order.  The regulars will know you are a newbie and glare at you for messing up the flow.    I also wanted to point out that the menu has been expanding and they now various daily specials like Pot Roast, prime rib, and walleye dinners,   I also must commend them on adding more sides to the menu..  I can now order a side of Mac n' Cheese, or fried green beans, both great additions to the french fries and roasted potatoes.Tip 1:  Dine-in and carryout flow in the same line so you will order and pay (CASH ONLY, so get your dollars at the ATM on premises before you step in line)  for your food at the counter, step off to the side and find a nook to wait for your order or name to be called for seating.  It is a bit awkward standing around waiting, but the food is up extremely fast, so keep your eyes peeled if you are waiting for carryout.Tip 2:  BYOB..   I have yet to bring along beer, but I have seen several customers enjoying the option.   I will have to update this once I find out the policy.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,5/10/2013,38,72,5,11,7>Tacos & beer... mmmm Fridays! Went halfsies on a cochinita pibil and a carne asada plate. My favorite was the pork. Both dishes came with a side of red rice and black beans. Even better were the handmade corn tortillas hot off the griddle! This place is an unbelievable find! There are plenty of fast food Mexican spots around town but none compare to this. The owner is a pleasant woman whose enthusiasm and positive energy is contagious. Their ingredients are quality and their food is fresh. They really care about what they do and that love carries over into their food.The menu is short and sweet but they rotate in a few specials. They have domestic and imported beers including my favorite: Modelo negra (and especial).Highly recommend the flan with rompope. I have never, even at high end restaurants, come across such an authentic tasting version. Seriously, it made my heart smile.Give them a try. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/9/2013,104,448,15,16,16>Since I discovered this place I can't get enough of it.  I was just here yesterday with a buddy who is also an addict.I have my order down pat - a diet pop, a Chicago Dog and a deep fried cheesesteak.  This combination is the result of much research and work on my part.  I am happy to report that it is the perfect lunch.  It is such a perfect combo that it is also the perfect dinner.  How is that for flexibility.  And to top it off, may I recommend the fries?  They go great with the two sandwiches, particularly with the dog which is made the way God intended it, minus the peppers.  There is even a TV here or you can do drive through.This restaurant is great for when you are out with buds or with your wife.  I imagine it would be good with your kids but thankfully all of ours have left home.  More food money for me!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,5/8/2013,826,1108,9,14,13>Why did I go to Bigby's?  I'm not a craft beer snob or even a regular beer fan.  And I live an hour away.  But my beer snob friend kept insisting I go here.I'll admit, I didn't try anything on tap because I don't know what to try.  I had a pear cider, and damn it was good.  I also tried the spicy bacon pizza and the muddy pig (chocolate and bacon flatbread).  Both items were delicious, I would definitely order them again.  Food costs about $10-12 here, and while the menu is limited, the options available are more than sufficient.I was impressed by the beer list though.  I may have only been able to identify names like "Emmet's" and "Goose Island," but with 10+ available, and a wall of bottled beers, you're just inconsolable if you can't find something to suit your tastes.This is a small and unassuming bar on the west side of Lake Street.  I don't know why I was expecting something big and classy looking.  I love the interior of this place - it's a little bit "Cheers" and a little bit "Central Perk."  There are plenty of tables, many of which were occupied on a Tuesday night, as well as a bar with seating and a few sofas.  Sofas?!  Hell yes!  The decor is fun without being trite and cheesy, there's an aquarium alongside one table if you want to mellow out and watch the fish.  There are also two TVs if you want to catch a game. I wouldn't go with more than a group of 4-6 if you expect to get a table on a Friday or Saturday night.  Table seating IS limited, and I'm guessing even more so on the weekends.Cool variety of board games too, and there's a Wii.  If your friends can't keep you occupied, then something else here certainly can.Addison is lucky to have Bigby's as a neighborhood bar.  But it's also well worth the trek from the southwest suburbs.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/7/2013,200,204,13,17,17>My work schedule allows me to have mid-week weekends.Some weeks I only work 3 days and if it happens that I get 2 consecutive weekdays off, I get a mid-week weekend.  So one mid-week weekend, or Tuesday as some people might call it, we had a day of errands to run and needed a place to fuel up.  With our first errand completed, I searched for a place to eat.  Ray's happened to be within 5 minutes of St. Joseph's Hospital in Elgin.  I used to work at St. Joe's, and I would always hear that Ray's was great for the morning meal, but never made it a point to try it out.Wish I tried them earlier.  This place is on the East side of Elgin, near Rt. 25 and Rt. 20.  You might miss it, it's pretty small.  When we walked in, at 0900 am, there were 2 tables left.  Our server was almost the same server you've seen in movie diners, wearing that waitress dress, white orthopedic looking shoes, plastic-rimmed cat-eye glasses....Or maybe I was imagining it.  Because this place just looks like every diner I've ever seen in a movie.  Goodfellas.  When Henry meets with Jimmy to discuss his case and Jimmy asks Henry to whack somebody.Reservoir Dogs.  Mr. Pink discusses his philosophy on tipping, while the virtues of the song "Like a Virgin" are pored over.Pulp Fiction.  Honey Bunny and Pumpkin discuss various disadvantages of robbing liquor stores, banks and jewelry stores, and why restaurants are the ideal place to knock over.Casino.  Ace catches Ginger with that smarmy James Woods, I mean Lester Diamond.  Lester then gets his tuchus handed to him in the parking lot.I understand that all of the situations I've listed are gangster-y in nature, but none of the above activities occured at Ray's.  The only crime committed was the murdering I put on my Denver omelette.  The short order cooks here are really true to the name.  I pretty much asked for it, the waitress turned around, turned back around and dropped an omelette in front of me.  It also happened to be very good.  I'm a little particular about omelettes; I'm not crazy about filled omelettes, where the egg is cooked, the ingredients put in the middle and the egg folded over, like a blintze.  I like where egg and ingredient are molded together in the pan, then folded onto a plate, because that's how I do it at home.  And that's how they do it at Ray's.  And the ratio of egg to ingredient was perfect, every square inch of egg had some ham, green pepper, or onion in it.  All omelettes come with hash browns and toast.  The tap water tastes good and the coffee is refilled early and often.  I vote that you come out to Ray's and eat a home-cooked meal.  (see what I did there?)
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,5/6/2013,65,114,7,7,7>Second visit and I'm a fan.Okay peeps (I still live in the 90's)...if you're ordering crab rangoon, kung pao chicken, or any of these American dishes, it makes sense that you may not be wow'd. Authentic Chinese cooks learned how to make these dishes to fit the American taste and by no means should they be judged based on these dishes.Why are you confused by the Chinese diners who seem to be enjoying their food and you don't?  It's because we didn't order what you did.  With that being said, I get it.  I get that you should still expect decent food but if you're going to choose Chinese for the night, perhaps try an authentic dish.  Trust me, they're better than your sweet and sour pork.If you're looking for some quality and authentic Szechuan food, Asian Bistro is a great choice for the suburbs.The beef noodle soup is extremely tasty and spicy!  The meat quality was excellent.  The green onion pancake snack was crispy and the right texture.  I also enjoyed the tofu bowl, Singapore noodles with curry, and beef short ribs.  Outstanding quality and taste.  The Szechuan string beans are also good but be prepared for a little saltiness.  It's just the style of how they're cooked.I'll be back for more, Asian Bistro!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/5/2013,273,603,8,10,9>Thank you to one of my newest Yelp friends, Rob W., for his review!  I'm so glad that I listened to you.The Homeless Chicken, huh?  My family was not impressed or overly excited about going on one of my adventures. They hemmed and hawed and finally gave in.  It's okay...they learned their lesson today. ;-)We drove up and got parking right by the door. They were still teasing me as we walked in and then they saw the salsa bar. I'd call it never ending, but I would be exaggerating. It does end, but there are so many different options to try that the tasting could go on for quite a while. When we got up to the counter, we tried to make quick decisions. When they learned that it was our first visit, we were treated to six samples of meat in little cups.  I tried tongue, but it wasn't my favorite, so I didn't order it.  My son was the only one who knew exactly what he wanted - a gordita. Now, I think he liked the name and ordered it solely based on that fact, but that's okay. I wanted the chicken. The homeless one. I ordered the chicken with homemade tortillas. My hubby went with a burrito with the rice and beans on the side. There are no fountain drinks here, so we grabbed a few drinks from the cooler and sat down. Moments later, I learned that the chicken would be an hour wait. Uh oh! I switched to a variety of tacos. I knew I had to try the homemade tortillas. Plus, they were out of steak, so we learned to call ahead next time if we want to try those things. Pollo Vagabundo is a popular place!We started with chips and freshly made guacamole. This gave us an opportunity to sample the salsas too. We each found different favorites and quickly ruled out the ones that were too spicy. They even have a cucumber salsa that was unique. The guacamole was fabulous!  My husband literally pushed himself away from the table to stop eating it so as to not ruin his appetite. When the large plates of food arrived, we realized that we over ordered. The gordita was a reasonable size and my son did finish it. The burrito was a hit, but huge!!!  The tacos on the fresh tortillas were such a nice treat. I'd go back in a heartbeat based on my meal!  My hubby decided to get a couple tortillas for me to take home. I will warm them tomorrow and put a little butter on them like Grandma P. used to do. I can hardly wait!I should at least mention that the overall vibe is that of a hole in the wall. But, I don't care!  The food was fabulous!!! The service was helpful and friendly!  And, both of my guys loved the food. I got a few mumbling apologies and confirmation that they both want to go back. These five stars are well deserved!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,5/4/2013,341,162,13,6,6>We're going where? A place called Skooter's Roadhouse...? ...In Shorewood..? Wh..why?I can't say I was extremely excited about coming here. I imagined we would be greeted something like: youtube.com/watch?v=RdR6…When we walked in it was a whole different story. A mixed bag. One of everything here. You won't fit in, because no one does. It was like someone just pulled random people off the street and tossed them into a country-western themed bar. The only words that I could speak for a good 20 minutes were "wha.. whatthe... whatthefuk??" Turns out it was a good time.Places like this I believe you are forced to make the most out of. A good crowd of people and some vodka, and I can have fun anywhere. They play country music... all country music. Don't try to get them to play anything else... they won't... we tried. There is a dance floor. Occasionally, the old guy doing the solo line-dance or the (insert themed bar crawl/bachelorette party) sloppy drunk will entertain you for 3-5 minutes. Then it's back to being empty. The DJ booth is run by an iPod playlist. There are a few pool tables and tons of places to sit. I guess they serve food too, but I didn't see anyone eating.I'm guessing I had about 5 fireball shots every time I went to the bar. Speaking of... Up at the bar, your first thought will be- oh great, there must be a game on all these guys are glued to the TV.. wait there are no TVs...ohhhhh.The bartenders are in barely there jean shorts, and they have to climb up ladders to get to the bottles of alcohol...  I get it.  Nice. Now excuse me so I can order my vodka. Yes I want a fireball shot.We ended up shutting the place down. I don't believe I am actually saying this.. but I would probably come back... with some earbuds though.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,5/3/2013,160,525,5,8,7>This has been my parents favorite restaurant for years and years. They have been going since the owners had the tiny restaurant near Oak Lawn. I can't remember the exact location now. Long story short I have been eating at Capri right along with them for all these years. The husband and wife that own it are very friendly and truly care about each customer. That goes a long way with me. I've only had one server that I don't care for. Every other server and bartender has always been great. Speaking of bartenders. The pours on the wine are unbelievable! I doubt you will need more than one glass. I still get excited every time they bring my wine to the table. The bread is always fresh and we always start with the calamari Capri. It's a little spicy, but I've seen people that can't handle any spice be fine with it. The calamari is always cooked perfectly. I almost always order the fettucini primavera. The vegetables are amazing on this dish! It's not overly heavy either. The gnocchi is another favorite at the table. I don't think anyone has ever had a bad dish. I will say if price is an issue for you watch out for the specials. They tend to run a little high. This place remains to be one of my favorite restaurants in the South suburbs. Parking can be a real pain. Reservations are a must or you will be looking at a long wait!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/2/2013,155,125,8,8,8>My husband and I were being extremely lazy at 11:00pm on a Sunday night and didn't want to cook. He rambled through his brain to try remember the name of "that deli" he use to eat at a lot when he worked for another company. After a quick google search, he remembered Ozzie's. So after placing my order with him, he went out to get our food. One of the major plus's I found was that it's open till 12am Saturday till Thursday and 2am on Friday's. I ordered the BLT sandwich and a chicken caesar salad. My husband also brought home chips and drinks, because I guess on Sunday's and Wednesday's they offer them with your meal for free! I started off with the salad, and let me tell you it was one of the best salads I have ever had in my life!! The salad was crisp and fresh, and no brown spots or sogginess. The chicken is perfectly spiced too, making a tasty combo with the dressing. It's heaven! Not a classic caesar, they add cucumbers, onions, radishes, and tomatoes. My BLT club was HUGE!! But oh so good. Everything is made fresh ... and I don't mean Subway "fresh". This is fresh fresh! Homemade bacon, juicy tomatoes, and crisp lettuce make up this wonderful, simple sandwich with a smear of creamy mayonnaise. It was extremely filling, and delicious to the last bite. I hardly doubt there is any other deli that can compare to Ozzie's. Believe me, one try you will be hooked!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,5/1/2013,288,400,7,10,8>I've been coming to Maria's for more than a year now and the food has improve or we just learned what to order now. Maria's has become an every few weeks visit and we always sit at the bar because Ray and Mary gives the best service and Ray makes the best Margaritas!Ray and Mary are constantly checking up on us and re-filling our drinks before we have to ask. They make sure we're comfortable and when they get a moment they would stop and chat with us.We  are always greeted with freshly made tortilla chips and in house salsa, which is the best salsa I've ever tasted! As for the entrees my favorite has become the steak fajitas: yelp.com/biz_photos/mari… - the steak comes out hot and fresh on a iron platter with all the goodies to make your own fajitas. I've recently tried the mini chimichangas: yelp.com/biz_photos/mari… and they were delicious, packed with flavor and you can get with many different fillings such as, beef, chicken, spinach, but my favorite is crab and onions! Yum! But if you're a chicken and cheese lover go for the extra gooey, action packed ay! chihuahua: yelp.com/biz_photos/mari… and you'll be in cheese heaven!AS FOR DRINKS YOU MUST ORDER THE GOLDEN MARGARITA IF YOU COME HERE ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE A TEQUILA LOVER! But be careful, after 2 drinks you might need to call a cab! Yup, that is how good they are!They tend to get extremely busy on the weekends so expect to wait, but it's so worth it! Since you're waiting get a head start by grabbing a drink at the bar!¡Salud
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,4/30/2013,101,611,8,10,8>I'm in the camp that food doesn't necessarily have to be bigger to be better. Sometimes I'd prefer things to be a perfect portion size so I don't have to throw it away or feel like I gained 20 pounds. I saw the awesome reviews before going so I knew I'd have a great experience but seeing the pics of giant ice cream scoops made me hesitant to try it. I decided to skip lunch before going to Plush Horse and make this my afternoon treat.I ordered the black cherry ice cream on a pretzel cone. Ermagod i could dieeee! There's never been a greater combination of salty and sweet since the frosty and french fries. It's the perfect balance and I loved licking the salt off the pretzel cone in between licks of the ice cream. I need to mass order some of those cones ASAP! If you can't tell, the cone was my favorite part of the whole dessert. I thought the ice cream was pretty good but wish I would have tried a few different flavors because I wasn't completely sold on the black cherry. The Superman ice cream looked amazing and is usually my favorite, so I really don't know why I didn't order that, but you can bet I'll be back soon for another one of those pretzel cones and to try some more flavors.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,4/29/2013,71,165,9,14,10>I love this place!  Love, love, love it!! It's a cool little take out shop, that you would easily mistake as a pizza restaurant considering the name and signage out front.  Well it AIN'T pizza my friends.  It's something totally different and my family and I can't get enough.  The pies are chock full of goodies like pepper steak, spicy chicken, and my personal favorite spinach!  Everything tastes fresh and the pie crust is beyond delicious, so flaky, almost like a cross between puff pastry and standard pie crust.  If you're like my family and I and have big appetites, be prepared to order 1.5 pies per person, so if there are 2 of you, you'll have to decide which pie to order for the .5 split.   It's so good though, you may fight over the last bite.  Service is top notch and they are very knowledgeable and willing to share information about the spices and tastes from the region this cuisine originates. I hope they stick around for long time, we need more cool family owned places in this area. Dinner for 4 was about 30 dollars.  Do it!!!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/28/2013,58,179,7,11,10>My work friends had a baby shower for me in November and got the cake from here.  It was extra cute and extra delicious.  Ever since then I have been wanting to try more of their treats.  You know just to be sure that the cake was not a fluke. So, one day after school I sped down Torrence and quickly picked out a few things. I got two different cake slices, butter cookies and a coffee cake.  The cake slices were huge - enough for two people and tasted just as good as I remembered.  The butter cookies were also excellent.  The coffee cake was still great the next day for breakfast and probably enough for about 10 people!  The inside of the store was immaculate and had a very cute seating area.  I really liked that as most bakeries do not have a place to eat.  It would be a great place to meet a friend and relax over a sweet treat!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,4/27/2013,75,135,5,9,6>The Chicago land area has its share of very successful and locally famous bakeries. In Oak Park, I would consider Oak Park Bakery to be one of the best.  What I love is that they make all the traditional pastries, like cake, butter cookies, pies, and cupcakes. Since I'm not a fan of the taste of fondant, I choose to go here instead, because they're cakes have real butter-cream frosting.  A couple of years ago, my family ordered a birthday cake here, and the cake was so light, yet moist, it was very delicious.  This year I finally got around to buying a cake for a friend's birthday at work. Everyone loved it and thought it came from one of those other bakeries that people rave about. I was happy to introduce them to Oak Park Bakery, and told them they need to try it out for themselves. I've since gone back for another birthday, and when I'm in the area, I stop in after work occasionally. In the afternoons they sometimes have discounts, and I can help but be suckered in. I really love this bakery!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/26/2013,1096,1134,6,9,8>I came here at 9:30 on a Sunday morning for the buffet. I thought they were closed as there were no cars in the lot. But we did have the place almost to our selves. And all the items on the buffet were untouched until I massacred them! Makes you feel important to be the first. Well, at least I didn't have to hurt anyone! The line was impressive! Prime rib, thick cut bacon, biscuits and gravy, huge sausages, hash browns, mashed tots, Caesar salad, pasta, french toast, 5 kinds of eggs, waffles and Cinnamon buns that when I raised the cover, angels began to sing as they hadn't been touched yet! This is what I call an amusement park for adults. Eat until you can't breathe anymore and then go home and take a nap!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/25/2013,436,333,6,9,6>Smell the flowers & drink the wine!    This place used to be a flower shop, and still partly is.  A while back, the made 1/2 the place into a wine bar.   It is tucked away in a strip mall on Cicero Avenue - don't blink, because you will miss it.They have a nice wine selection and have expanded to some beers and martinis - everything under $8.   They don't really serve food - a few appetizers.  However, you can bring your own food in - or order pizza and such.  It is such a cool place!  Service is excellent - so friendly!   Note that you must like the smell of fresh flowers - remember, it is a flower shop too!They have music on most Fridays and/or Saturdays.  You can check out their website to see who is playing.  Now, this place is small - maybe seats around 50 (that might be generous).  Last night, they had a 3 piece blues band playing - AWESOME!   Seriously good music.   Even though the place is small, and a band was playing, you could still carry on a conversation with the music.   Really a great place - check it out if you are in the area!   Espresso Martinis are the bomb!!They also have video poker machines now - that pay out.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,4/24/2013,175,289,4,7,4>My wife and recently moved back to the Chicago area from Charlotte, specifically Arlington Heights, and stumbled upon Fausto's during our second week in town. Wife decided to look at some boutiques and I was obviously thrilled (sarcasm) with that idea, so I thought I would checkout this Italian deli nearby for a cannoli. The rest is history. Over the last few months I've been a weekly visitor of Faustos. The treats are awesome, including the cannolis and my favorite, turtles! "Boom" on the turtles. My wife even asked for them for here baby shower at nearby Francesca's...so good!I've had their arancinis, the artichokes, their eggplant parm and my favorite...their pizza. We always get the pesto pizza, which comes with ricotta, tomatoes and onions. I love that they cut the pizza in squares too! I usually come in and order a pizza and grab something from the deli case to munch on while I wait.With so many great local businesses in Arlington Heights, Faustos is definitely one Italian family-owned business I'm happy to support (weekly in my case)!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,4/23/2013,161,158,6,8,6>My first impression of this restaurant was like of any other sushi restaurant. I was thinking that at the end of the night my bill would be heft but as it turns out, this place was pretty affordable and they had excellent customer service. They really know how to treat their customers here. Since we went on a Friday night, they were a bit busy. We didn't think we had to wait very long for our food (normal time compared to other restaurants) but the waitress kept coming over updating us every 5-10 minutes and apologizing for the food being late. I think in total it probably took about 20 minutes and we didn't mind that at all.  Price-wise, we thought oh this place had about the same pricing as most other Sushi restaurants (in the lower and mid-teens for rolls) but what makes them different is they will give you a lot of tiny comp tastings such as miso soup and a pinch of ginger salad for everyone and during the course of dinner, we had two tastings of spring roll and a couple pieces of another maki roll from the chef.  Then when dinner was over, they gave each of us a scoop of red bean icecream with a cherry on top, and a few slices of pineapple which was perfect because we were too full to order deserts but would still enjoy the nice treat. If I counted it all, each of us had 6 tiny complimentary samplings. It may not seem like much but I think little things like that goes a long way, especially when you didn't expect it.  Food-wise, each of the rolls that I've tried were quite good, not overly stuffed with rice, well flavored and yummy. One of the person at our table had a combo sushi platter for about $15 and it came out with enough rolls for the 3 of us to share. Portion-wise, they aren't too bad. I would definitely come back here again!Update: Just found my receipt so here's the breakdown: Korean Stone bowl $10.95Salmon Roll $3.95White Tuna Roll $3.95Spicy Crunch Roll $5.95 Kamikaze Roll $9.95 ( this was very good!)Miso soup, salad, mini desert and pineapple for TWO: FREE2 House complimentary tastings1 certificate for a free roll Total: $34.75 for dinner for 2, before tax. After tax: $38.40
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,4/22/2013,64,296,6,9,7>I could have sworn that I had a review of Kimmer's, but here we go!Back in my early college days, one of my best friends lived right around the corner from Gramp's frozen custard. We started a tradition of visiting on Christmas and Spring Breaks. When we found out that Gramp's was closing, it seemed like an end of an era... until Kimmer made us forget about Gra... Gra.. what's his name?Anyways, this place is fantastic. There are so many flavors... everyone will find something they will like. My three personal favorites are Parent Trap, S'mores, and Carrot Cake. The Cookie sandwiches are also fantastic.IT's a very cool place because the owner is 24 years old and is very innovative. She's come up with flavors like red velvet, aztec hot chocolate, and even a lavender flavored IC. I'm pretty sure that there is also crack is the ice cream, because it's super addiciting.I live in Wheaton, but it's definitely worth the drive to head out to this place.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,4/21/2013,43,86,3,6,3>Elly's: For those mornings that you want to shoot the breeze with some friends and enjoy a hearty breakfast and several cups of coffee. On service alone, this place will not disappoint. The food is also good. Both add up to a nice breakfast experience.As I do at all breakfast joints I visit, I ordered a skillet, which to me is the perfect breakfast meal. I ordered the mushroom and steak skillet, which did not disappoint. The hash browns could have been crispier, and the skillet is not as flavorful as the skillets from Wildberry, but Elly's does not skimp on the meat and mushrooms, and a nice layer of cheese tops off this tasty dish. The skillet comes with pancakes, which were pleasantly fluffy. I was really impressed with the service at Elly's. My buddies and I lingered for a bit since we had not met up for a while, and the server was very accommodating. She was neither absent nor overbearing -- the mark of an excellent server -- and best of all, she kept that coffee coming!Elly's redecorated after taking over the space from Sunny Side Up, and it's certainly more inviting and modern. If that memory of the old Sunny Side Up interior has stuck with you, don't let it stop you from stopping by Elly's. You won't feel like you're walking back into the 80's. All in all, Elly's is a nice neighborhood establishment with some tasty food. Bring some friends and stay a while!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,4/20/2013,50,171,8,6,6>Holy burgers, Batman!  You better bring along your fat pants if you dare try out this local eatery!  If you leave hungry, you didn't try hard enough.  The hankering for an out-of-this-world hamburger hit our house like a ton of bricks recently.  Since Yelp seldom lets me down, I looked for "burger" near our house, and Tracks was the first entry to pop up, AND it had a stellar review.  I was pretty sold even before we stepped foot in the door.Everything about the food is B-I-G.  We ordered some onion rings to split between the two of us, and what arrived at our table was a portion that would have struck fear into the Flintstones' stomachs.  The onion rings were huge, I'm talking knife and fork because I'm afraid of wrist strain from picking one of these babies up huge.  The onion rings were cooked to perfection: not too greasy, crisp batter, sweet still toothy onion center.  Yum for sure.  We were no match for the platter, despite our best efforts.  I was full by the time our food came, and we still had a half a plate of onion rings to boot.Our server brought us our burgers, and I had to pick my jaw up off the floor.  Apparently I had ordered a family sized burger or something, because this baby was massive. My hungrier half attacked his like it was an ultimate battle between stomach and meat.  Luckily for him, stomach won.  He polished off his burger (Steph's to Die For burger + bacon, because let's face it, you can never have enough meat and meat product in your mouth at one time) like a champ, even though he still had a heaping pile of fries in the aftermath.  I, on the other hand, immediately wimped out.  I cut a dainty wedge out of my burger (Maui Waui Burger: pineapple + sriracha in my stomach = love) and enjoyed it before noshing on a few fries and throwing in the towel.I pretty much had to waddle out of that place but vowed to return because there were so many more delicious sounding menu items yet unturned.  I will return, oh yes, I will return.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/19/2013,75,174,4,9,5>Apparently this place has been here forever. I recommend the Roast loin of pork, Roast tip sirloin of beef, the gourmet platter, and the Moravian platter. Their servings are fit for a king (or a growing boy), and the complete platters come with a choice of soup/salad, a vegetable (I recommend sauerkraut or the red cabbage), a dumpling/rice/potato, and a dessert (go for the kolacky). The atmosphere is dated, but I think it adds to the experience. It looks very vintage/70s. In all honesty I highly doubt they changed anything in their dining area for easily 30 years. Their parking lot is always packed so I recommend carpooling here if that is an option. You will notice many of the customers are considerably older as well, so I do not recommend being too raucous when you are here. Their waitstaff push around food items on carts, so good idea to keep those elbows in. All in all, a happy dining experience. No complaints, I left with a full stomach, which seems to be a rarity as of late...Cheers.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,4/18/2013,58,141,6,7,3>I agree with the other reviewers; this place definitely has potential and is a pretty great place, however, it's similar to a teenaged girl "trying to find herself."The place is very open with; a table area w/several TV's and table beer taps, a large bar, a pool and shuffleboard area, a large floor for standing, and a theater-stage in the back. I think there needs to be a DEFINED dance floor. It's a large open place, but a bit of area differentiation would be great. Drinks were average priced. They have a GREAT beer selection and some daily specials. I'd go back, but I'm in no hurry.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,4/17/2013,47,68,10,12,8>Sooo...after a tough four hours darting in and out of holiday pedestrian traffic at Orland Mall, I decided to take the scenic route home. At least, that's what I told my wife. What she didn't know, was that her yelp-obsessed husband had scoped out a new Indian buffet place to check out. We love Indian food, but being in the far south suburbs, it rarely loves us back. For the past few years, we've had to settle for another Indian buffet in Orland that had steadily dipped in quality.But no longer...No longer shall we be slaves to mediocre Indian food just because we fail to live in the city of Chicago itself! That's right! We're in the midst of a revolution!The good!: Plenty of parking is available (part of a strip mall.) The place is clean and inviting. We went early on a Saturday afternoon and it was cozy and near empty. They advertise their $9.99 buffet outside, and boy, is it worth it. I don't even know where to begin. Their sauces are awesome...fresh, full of flavor.Their samosas were crisp and tasty.We tried everything, and not one thing was bad or greasy.The bad: Trick statement! Nothing bad to report here. I'll take this opportunity to tell you of the fresh Nans that the waiter brought out..just crispy enough on the outside to be full of that semi-char flavor. What gets the gold star here, however, was that after we sat down with our first plates, the waiter brought out a sizzling fresh platter of tandoori chicken! That's right, right to our table! The "old" Indian buffet place would gladly charge you another ten bucks for that. The Ugly: This would be my bloated overeating whale of a self rolling out of my chair and waddling out of the door. I *knew* I was full...but alas, the curse of the allure of delicious food kept tempting me back for more. I suppose I'll never learn my lesson.Seriously, give this place a try!The only suggestion I have is that in the dining room they played some sort of boring 'universal' elevator music. My wife and I could hear some traditional Indian music coming from the main room and/or kitchen. We would have loved to have that going in the main dining area!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/16/2013,18,81,8,12,8>The afternoon after my husband's birthday party, we were looking for something healthy to balance out the previous night of...ahem, indulgence...I'm glad we remembered that we've been wanting to check out the Juice Joint. I used to hope that a Jamba Juice moved to our area but now I hope Jamba stays away forever--the Juice Joint is waaaaay better, waaaay healthier and it's local--and who doesn't love local!?The Wild Things smoothie (banana, blueberry, blackberry, raspberry, yogurt) was delicious--not too sweet or too tart, just right for an afternoon breakfast. We also sampled the Just Like Heaven smoothie (vanilla almond milk, banana, almond butter, dates, cinnamon, agave). The owner said that everyone loves it and we were no different. I will definitely be ordering that in the future--it was sweet and creamy and the dates were outstanding in it! I'm not a huge "juice" person...but we tried the Rock Me Amadeus (cucumber, celery, spinach, romaine, kale, arugula, cilantro, jalepeno). I was skeptical, but it knocked my socks off! It was definitely "green" tasting (as in, I knew I was drinking leafy greens) but it was a little bit sweet and the jalapeno kick at the end was a nice little surprise. And, I know it's the JUICE Joint, but I love Intelligentsia coffee, so I had to try their "Juice Joint Blend"...usually shop blends are a little boring (like a snoozy, light roast Breakfast Blend of coffee) but the Juice Joint's blend is really different! It's almost smokey and it's pretty bold. I highly recommend starting with a smoothie or juice and getting a coffee, too! We are excited to go back and try some more menu items and peruse the Good Earth Greenhouse! I am a juice convert thanks to the team at Juice Joint!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,4/15/2013,172,185,3,8,7>Someone told my husband & I to check out this place (for breakfast).    In summary, We found a hidden gem.  When you walk in, you feel you are in a small town diner.   We were greeted by their friendly staff (Rose & Homer).   Their menu includes breakfast & lunch items, & reasonably priced.   But I still had to try the food to complete my review.    My pancakes were huge & delicious.   I also ordered a side of Corned beef hash & it was yummy.   As you are eating, you can tell that Mauri's has a lot of regulars that come by.   And now, I know why.   This place is a great place to eat at.  Note:  There is parking space on the street (but we parked in the lot across the street).  Because the restaurant space is small, it does fill up quickly at busy times.   But that should not deter anyone from checking out Mauri's.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,4/14/2013,82,199,2,8,6>Naper Settlement kicks butt! I took a group of my junior high school students there earlier in the week to supplement our Civil War curriculum and for them to get a peak into what life looked like during that time in the world. The kids loved it and I got compliments from my principal when we came back because she had never had so many kids go on a field trip that came back saying they had such a great time, telling her what they learned, and asking when they could go visit the same location again.We were a little time-prohibitive on our field trip because we only had 2 hours to spend at Naper Settlement (we were coming from far away and our kids have an earlier school day and we had to be back in time for the busses). So we didn't get to see everything we would've liked, but we loved everything we did see! We saw the Blacksmith Shop, the Schoolhouse, an older home, a log cabin, and a fort. It doesn't seem like much, but the presentation the staff at Naper Settlement puts on inside each of these buildings is incredible. We were in some of the buildings for 20-30 minutes where the staff gave us demonstrations on building farm tools, taught us out of authentic 19th century school books, showed us how to cook our "food," change our sheets, where we would go to the bathroom in the middle of the night. So cool!The highlight of the trip was definitely the 19th century schoolhouse. They lined us up in a boys row and a girls, brought us into the schoolhouse and taught us exactly like we were in that era. They referred to all the teachers as though we were the "8th graders" and wouldn't let us call ourselves "Mr.", "Ms." or "Mrs.". Seriously, the kids got the biggest kick out of the schoolteacher giving us a hard time... calling us out by our first name, asking us if we'd been out playing baseball instead of studying our math problems. It was too funny. If you bring a group of students here and are on some kind of time prohibitive schedule, make SURE you come to the schoolhouse. I highly recommend Naper Settlement to anyone! I'm hoping to personally attend their All Hallow's Eve event and might even try to take our students back in December when they run an Underground Railroad program.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/13/2013,269,638,4,6,6>My favorite breakfast joint in the area!  They have their stuff together here, and it comes through from the moment you walk in the door, to the moment you pay your bill and leave.  Even if there's a crowd, (especially on weekend mornings) they will hand you a pager, and give a pretty close estimate of wait times.  Even thought they are busy, once seated, you never feel rushed to get through your meal, and lingering over another cup of coffee is not frowned upon.  The service, from the host or hostess to the servers have been nothing but stellar ever time.  The food here is great!  I'm a breakfast fanatic, while my husband is more of a lunchy kind of guy.  This place pleases us both.  Start with a cup of their fantastic regular coffee, and move on to the breakfast.  I've had the French toast, which is great, and a few assorted omlete and egg dishes.  I would suggest getting something with toast, because when you ask for jelly, they don't bring out a few individual packets, but a nicely presented dish of two different kinds of amazingly tasty fruit spreads.  I've yet to pick a bad tasting dish here.  I'm also in love with the decor. Natural light coming in from the windows, light brown wall colors, and light and non-garish and complementary wall decor make your surroundings comfortable, and the booths are spacious, well padded and very comfortable.PS- Please never, ever confuse this place with the similarly named Honey-Jam cafe.  This place is better.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,4/12/2013,118,202,6,5,5>Oh me, oh my, OMango!I popped in to OMango for my second visit with a few friends the other night.  It was approaching 9 and we were hungry for something tasty, but not fast food.  OMango was happy to fill our bellies with a fancy feast.Note that the location may be a bit hard to notice.  If your eyes open for the sight of Red Lobster you are right next door.  I won't blame you if you sneak in their back door and snag a basket of hush puppies.  Anyway, back on topic...On my 2 visits the staff has always been very helpful.  If you are a newb fear not!  They can answer questions and help you get to just the right dish for your tastes.  That said I can't help but recommend that any person new to the genre go for a Masala dish - its a very good way to introduce your taste buds to a new friend.If you are experienced you should not be in fear either.  This isn't completely dumb-ed down for the inexperienced suburbanites and offers great flavors and a wide selection.When you are ready to order after looking at the well laid out menu the staff will guide you through a quick ordering process.  They'll answer questions for you about how the delicious Amish chicken isn't beefed up on amphetamines and how they don't use butter in their food prep.  The food preparation may take a little longer than your average McDonalds order but trust me - unless you need that last bite of Naan before a certain momentary doom this is a good thing.  That means your food is fresh and wasn't sitting under a lamp all day catching a tan.  You won't be waiting long, and when you see the food keep piling up at the take out window you'll be glad you stuck around.As soon as the food made its way into our carriage the garlic naan started overcoming and tempting our taste buds.  Our crew knew we had ordered a lot of food for 4 people, but the hungry eaters didn't expect that it would last us 2.5 meals at such an affordable price!  When we got home we were ready to wreck shop but the quantity of food got the best of our eyes and our stomachs.Curries of Masala and vindaloo, tandoori of vindaloo, tekka, and hariyali, samosas, piles of naan and an oh so tasty mango lassi started getting demolished like it was our last meal.  Everything was almost too good to let us talk - but there were plenty of "can I try yours?" and "oh thats fantastic too!"-s.  This food was fantastic, and the amount of full and leftovers we got for $35 was impressive - especially with the quality of the food!I highly recommend OMango for pros and newbies alike!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/11/2013,371,418,15,21,8>How, I said HOW in the Sam-Hell haven't I reviewed this place yet? My partner and I have been coming here for special occasions for a few years, and we love it. First off; this place is CLEAN - most important factoid about this place, like sparkling, smells like pine-sol clean clean clean. The staff is discreet and kind and attentive when needed. It's super affordable! This hotel/cluster of townhouses is WAY less skeevy than others like it in the area. In fact, this place isnt skeevy at all.The food delivery options are few but they are great - we love the Japanese/All-things-Asian place! TMI ALERT: the rooms HAD to be designed by a woman - there are mirrors - but they are strategically placed as to not make you look or feel like a fat tub of weird goo. And the lighting is soft and indirect but also well lit. The bidets are AMAZING. The shower is HUGE and there's shower heads and handles everywhere - and it can also be used as a steam room while you're getting steamy - wink. very romantical, very sexy, very fun. We recommend this to all lovebirds and f*ck-friends and even to anyone who just needs a little local get-away
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,4/10/2013,771,552,9,12,13>For some reason or another I found myself exploring the Joliet area. I looked up lunch spots in the area and voila.....Johnny's was on my Yelp search. I didn't know what to order at first, but when I saw, "The Big Daddy", which was world famous, I had to have it. Two beef patties, about half a pound of gyro meat, all on a delicious bun. Crispy on the outside soft and chewy on the inside all topped with delicious cucumber sauce, a whole lot of onion and cheddar cheese. Um yea.....need I say more? Alright I will, all accompanied by fresh cut fries and a Diet Pepsi. HAHA Yea cause the Diet Pepsi is going to save me from the fatness right?  LOLThe men at Johnny's were so nice! I went up took some pictures of their hilarious shirts and even got my free cookie brought to me by a Yelp Check In Offer. SCORE! Impeccable cleanliness and awesome staff. Really....I'm done speaking. Go see for yourself. The stars don't lie (and neither does my picture).
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,4/9/2013,20,44,9,8,7>Let's take a look at everyone has reviewed this place.  You can even sing the song with me.One of these things is not like the otherWhen I saw this place, It piqued my curiosity.  Cafe N Play?  Is this another lan cafes?  Will I finally have a place to get humiliated in starcraft and counter-strike while drinking coffee, in real life?Walked in:  NOOOOOOPE.We'll I'm already inside, might as well get some coffee.  They got all the right equipment to make a good cup of coffee/latte, but with that comes the fact that the quality of the drink comes from the skill of the person who is making it.  Gotta love a place that pulls and tamps espresso, instead of just hitting a button.  And they know their stuff!  Not sure if they'll be able to pull a ristretto for me, but they serve espresso just fine.And now for the best part.....drum roll....badumdumdumdumdum$1.25Yes that's right.  A double espresso costs 1 dollar and 25 cents.  Where else in Naperville can you get espresso that cheap?Not the ideal cafe for gaming as I had hoped, and not sure it will even work for late afternoon homework, but if you need cheap, good coffee, or you need to wear the kids out for a while, this place seems like the perfect place for you.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,4/8/2013,144,959,16,16,16>I have really hesitated about writing a review for Tribes for two reasons.  First of all I had to mourn their leaving Frankfort, I know, it's still close but I just loved their place on LaGrange.  But I have processed it and I am ready to move on.My second hesitation is because I am not a beer drinker.  I can see the horrified looks on your faces, scorn even.  I had a woman tell me once that if I drank beer I'd be perfect and she would be my friend.  At the old spot they had a raspberry lambic that was so delicious that I even drank beer there!  Can a non beer drinking gal write a review of an Alehouse?  Won't it be one of those obnoxious reviews where people who don't eat meat criticize a bbq joint?In a word, no.  Cause this place is also a GASTROPUB which means people who just like to eat are allowed to come as well.  And I do!  Why?  Cause they make a mean bison burger!  It is lean and delicious.  I am trying to branch out and try other items on their menu but none seem to be at the same level as the bison burger.  When it is good, it is just outstanding, five stars.  But the last couple of times I had it, well, it was a four star.  I am hoping that was a blip and the next time it will be back up to five stars!And if you could stock that raspberry lambic again?  Thanks, prish.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,4/7/2013,646,300,12,12,12>Ever taste a beautiful affair between an Iowa raised corned beef, melted Swiss cheese and housemade thousand island dressing? Well this Classic Reuben calls a toasted marble rye bread home. It is warm, juicy and oozing the flavor train rails in Glen Ellyn.On a side note I had to hold the sauerkraut on this order but it does come with it.I just don't stop there I trade in my fries for a housemade Mac N Cheese made famous by Chef Danny O. The Mac N Cheese will teleport you out of your seat mainly do to the blend of cheese and crackers infused together.My finale lunch-a-thon brings me to a mini dessert called the Bananas Foster. A rum flamed pair of bananas and cinnamon gelato....now you may release the doves and let it all sink in.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,4/6/2013,344,146,6,6,6>Serenity now.  A sigh of relief comes over me as I step into Hera Nail Salon, because I know it is time for me to be pampered and relax. :)There is no chihuahua pitched yapping back and forth.  There is no blaring music.  There is no television from the 80's (antenna and all) playing a soap opera or a show in a language I cannot understand.  Just peace and quiet. The salon is bright and clean.  When you walk in, there is a coat rack directly to your left.  Behind the coat rack, there is an array of magazines to choose from that you can read as you get your lil piggies painted up as you sit in their comfortable pedicure chairs.  Faintly they play tranquil instrumental background music, some familiar songs, some not so familiar.  As your nails are being done, you face a flat screen TV that plays movies (mostly romantic) muted with subtitles.  Perf!Prices have increased since I first started going, but only by a few dollars, which still puts them at a fair price.  Monday through Thursday mani-pedi's use to be $26, which is a steal, especially at a nicer nail salon like Hera.  As of June 1st, 2012 the price has gone up to $30 for a mani-pedi Monday through Thursday.  Still a good rate in my opinion.  Fridays and Saturdays a mani-pedi will run you $33.  If you are interested in a French manicure or a little design of some sort, it will cost you a few buckaroos more.The ladies that work at Hera are very professional, friendly, and accommodating.  In my experiences, they have always done great job.  If you're a little indecisive mess, like myself, they are happy to test out a few colors on your nails prior to help you decide.  When you are finished, they will walk you over to the drying station, so you may put your nails under the UV lights for about ten minutes, or however long your heart desires.  Most of the time, a short little shoulder massage comes along with it!Now they do take walk-ins, but I'd advise you to make an appointment.  And when you do make an appointment, make sure you bring some cash for a tip, because it is not able to be left on your credit card.I do give other nail places a try once in awhile, but I always come back to Hera.  Why do I bother trying to fix something that isn't broke?  Hera Nails deserves 5 stars for allowing me to relax!  You should give them the opportunity to treat you to some relaxation, as well.  And if you're a dude reading this, who isn't that into the mani-pedi thing for themselves, then maybe you should just go pick up a gift certificate to treat your girlfriend, wife, sister, or mom...you have to have at least one of those, right??
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/5/2013,283,456,11,12,11>I wish I could give a place 50 stars and if I was able to, this would be the place. Chauma Gaucha could possibly be my new favorite place and let me tell you why....To start, people complain about their parking lot being difficult to get into. Let me explain this to you, it's simple: you enter the parking lot on Finley just South of Butterfield on the West side of the street. There's one entrance in and you can simply follow the driveway along the West side of the building to the front where they offer valet. We were some of the lucky ones that pulled into the lot as someone that was parked close to the front was pulling out and we got a spot. You enter through the revolving door (which my husband just loves, btw. He always is sure to lock me these damn things by holding it from the outside) and are greeted by smiling beautiful women who check your coats and warmly welcome you to their establishment. There is a large foyer and waiting area with some very comfy leather couches. There did not seem to be an issue for people without reservations, which was very surprising to me and in fact, my friends that frequent the restaurant laughed me for making us a reservation because it's really not necessary. I'm glad we had one anyways and just to be safe you should too.They seated our party of 5 right near the salad bar at a round table. The wine list is a mile long and has options ranging from 'totally reasonable' to 'you are out of your mind if you think I'm paying you THAT for a bottle of wine'. The servers are very well educated on the wine and what is light, what is fruity, what is best for you and they make excellent suggestions. My girlfriend and I decided to let her husband make the call and he selected an excellent pino noir which I surprisingly enjoyed and it was about a $35 bottle. Def not bad for a restaurant of this caliper. We had a 3 year old with us, so we took turns going up to the salad bar (if you can even call it that). Ladies first, then the hubbies. They have everything on this bar,  and I'm gonna try to give you an idea of what I remember. They offer, asparagus, two different lettuce (romaine and iceberg), sun dried tomatoes, olives, fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, Italian salami, parmesan, artichoke hearts, apple salad, potato salad, I believe there was some salmon, fresh bacon bits, green bean salad, fresh tomatoes, a variety of different cheeses, and this list goes on....everything is excellent. Top notch quality, fresh and well maintained. This is not Sweet Tomatoes, people. If a piece of lettuce falls on the floor, a server or other employee picks it up within seconds. Literally. This brings me to my next point I can't stress enough. The service here is excellent. When I looked up for the server it was like he came out of nowhere to see what I needed. When our young man in our party dropped his napkin (which happened more than once, I believe) someone had replaced it with a new napkin and removed the one from the floor within just moments, the glasses we never empty, our plates never sat in front of us to be cleared for very long, if you flipped your card to green, the meat appeared as if from the heavens above and man did it taste like it, too! I have zero complaints and I'm not sure how this is possible but it's true. They give you four main items: the delicious cheesy rolls, sautéed plantains, polenta, and mashed potatoes. Now these are mainly intended to be used as fillers and because they are out of this world fantastic, resist the urge! Hold off for the meat, you won't be disappointed.There is a wide variety of meats they bring out. Mine is the one shaped like a horseshoe. It's melt in your mouth delicious. I also enjoy the flank steak. Everything is seasoned perfectly and you can eat as much or as little as you want. Try the things you normally wouldn't, like lamb. This is the place to do that. Be adventurous and try one small piece. If you don't like something, they won't be offended. Desserts here look fantastic. Sad part is that if you want dessert, you need to save room and that's difficult to do here. Between the salad bar, the 'fillers', the meat and drinks, it's very difficult to polish off a dessert but I have seen it done. Next time you're looking for a good meal, have a big appetite, and want to get a months worth of protein in one night, you gotta make it to downers grove.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,4/4/2013,168,718,9,13,7>What??  How have I not written a review for Country Donuts yet?!::hangs head in shame::My husband and I get donut holes from here at LEAST once per week, and we don't really even live around here.  We just make excuses to be in the area so we can nom on some of the yummy deliciousness!I personally love their seasonal pumpkin and apple cider donuts (both sugared and glazed are fabulous in both of these varieties), but the real standout are the little donut holes.  They are fresh on the outside, soft in the middle, and have a lot of "topping" on the outside.  My favorite of these is the cinnamon sugar ones!The staff is really friendly and accommodating--and don't forget to drop some dough (eh, get it??) in the tip jar :)
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,4/3/2013,304,479,7,9,9>I was dead set on sushi for lunch yesterday until I found out that my girl Chrissy W. was already up the road at Pita House.  I'd seen their menu online before, and had been wanting to try it, and now was the time!I walked in and up to the counter right away to place the order, where I explained to the gentleman that it was my first time at Pita House, but that I frequent Pita Inn, as it is closer to my home.  His response both surprised and delighted me.  Pita Inn is owned by his Uncle.  Same family.  Basically the same recipes.  I knew I was in for a treat.I ordered the lunch special #1 (same as Pita Inn's business lunch special without the chicken tender), a small baba ghannouj, and a soda.  My total?  $9.60.  Would've been even less without the baba, but I had to try it.The food was ready promptly, as always.  The pitas were soft and warm, and the flavors were spot.on.  I admittedly ate wayyyy too much, and was ready for a nap instead of returning to the office for the afternoon.I am SO excited to know that my favorite middle eastern cuisine exists in the Lombard/Downers area, and yes, I think that this is WAY better (and more authentic) than Naf Naf.I will definitely be frequenting Pita House for lunch.  The food came quickly and was hot and fresh, I wasn't badgered to get out, and I was able to enjoy a meal at my own pace, while still not having to worry about getting back to the office on time.Note:  They do accept credit cards, however, there is a $10 minimum.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,4/2/2013,45,72,8,10,8>Crazy cheap delicious food!  Yes, I want to go-to-there.There are not many restaurants that I am will to go to twice in the same week, however Asian Noodle House has made the list.  The food is below lunch special prices for dinner and the portion sizes are huge.  They start off bring you hot tea (but they put it in plastic cups) then they are ready to take your order like you are a master of the menu.  After that the food is out in no time, hot and ready to eat.  I tried a few different tofu items and I think that the Pepper Tofu is the king!  It has mostly a black pepper flavor but it is rich and goes down easy.  At first it is hard to believe that they brought out that huge portion size but when your plate is clean you will be itching to come back for a second round.Asian Noodle House's menu is huge and it seems that they are willing to make the food almost anyway you want.  The appetizers are okay with the spring rolls being a little better then the fried egg rolls.  The egg rolls are the smooth type and were a bit greasy (which many might prefer, just not me).  There is also a huge list of smoothies and bubble teas to pick from and it seems that there are no bad choices.  I think that the bubble tea was so good and such a good deal that I would go just for the tea and skip the meal (if I was not too hungry).  There are choices on choices so don't worry about getting bored with the food selection. The only reasons that I am giving it 4 stars is that they use plastic tea cups and that an order was messed up where they put shrimp and what appeared to be chicken in the veggie spring roll.  I feel things were accurately communicated between us and the server but we were waited on by 4 different people which is a good way to mix things up.Asian Noodle House will fill you up with amazingly cheap and tasty food and serve it out super fast.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,4/1/2013,421,397,59,65,64>Having seen a number of Yelp reviews with outstanding feedback of Sam's Grill & Pizza, I decided to take the risk and make the journey out from my office to Bartlett to pick up some food here on my lunch break. In looking over their options, I saw they had a Chicago style hot dog and knew I had to give this place a try. They have a fairly diverse menu with lots of different kinds of burgers, hot dogs, alongside pizza, wings and other common to these kinds of establishment menu items like Gyros and Italian beef sandwiches. Sam's is located in a small heavily deserted strip mall off of Prospect avenue in Bartlett. When you walk in there's a long counter, a cooler with various types of beverages to your right. And a big menu board on the wall to your left. There's a few tables and a counter if you were to eat in the restaurant itself. A while after stopping in (more on this later) I was ready to leave with the food ordered for myself and my co-workers.On to the review of the food itself. The hot dog I received came on a Chicago-style poppy seed bun. The bun didn't seem to be steamed, but was soft and showed no signs of dryness. There was a thinly sliced pickle on top of the dog, this pickle slice was a bit more sour than I would like, but certainly didn't taint the flavor of the hot dog. There were two long sport peppers perfectly placed on top so that sport pepper could be had in every bite. The peppers were a good balance of being not too hot and providing the right amount of flavor. The tomato on this hot dog was a bit of a downer, it was slightly soggy and didn't cover the entire length of the hot dog. The big problem with this hot dog was the relish, it wasn't the brand, it was the amount. There was around 2 dogs worth of relish on this hot dog. As a result the relish flavor was the dominant taste here. It overpowered both the mustard and what onion was on the hot dog. As for the sausage itself, it was a skinless dog, it was properly steamed and prepared. There was some celery salt on the dog, but its flavor was again, overpowered by the excessive relish. Overall, this wasn't a bad hot dog, but it was definitely a bit unbalanced.The final subject to note on Sam's is the time it took for the order to be ready, Between myself and my co-workers there were two burgers, a hot dog, and fries for the two burgers that needed to be made. This took around a half hour from when I placed the phone call to when the food was ready a ways after I arrived. Overall I liked the food and might be back, but for the investment of time it took for my food to be ready I wouldn't say this is quite a five star establishment. I give Sam's Grill & Pizza four stars. My opinion on this establishment can best be summed up in the following rhyme.Good, but not great and be prepared to wait.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,3/31/2013,1546,338,22,27,21>Now That's Italian DiningIt was a typical Friday after work. My wife and I wanted to go out for something to eat but we couldn't decide where to go. So we played our typical childish game of:Me:   What do you want to eat?Wife:  I don't know, what do you want to eat?Me:    I don't know, I asked you first.Wife: What do you have a taste for?Me:    I don't know, what do you have a taste for?So after our game of a thousand questions we decided to get in our car and start driving in the general direction of where there are several restaurants. My wife started to make some calls and the first place we called didn't understand English when we asked if they have openings or do we need to make a reservation. Her second call was to Mambo Italiano. They said that they had an open table for us so that was it, we are going out for Italian.The Layout:As we walked into the place it was a little awkward as the desk isn't near the main door. You have to walk past people already dining on their food to be greeted by the staff. They sat us right away by a booth located by the door. It was cold outside so every time someone came in or when someone was leaving the cold air would rush in on us.The Meal:The menu is very extensive with your typical Italian food choices. Our server also came to our table and rattled off about 6-8 specials that weren't on the menu. They all sounded great but trying to remember everything wasn't as easy as you would think. I already made up my mind so I knew what I was getting (Veal Parmesan) but my wife ended up changing her mind and going with one of the specials (Gnocchi and Scallops). Both of our meals came with a soup or salad and a choice of pasta or potato. They bring out a warm basket of bread with butter. The tables also have olive oil and parmesan as well. Our food arrived and I have to say that I wasn't disappointed. The veal was very tender and the sauce was chunky with tomatoes and had a very nice flavor.The Bottom Line: * 3 stars for the layout of the desk and the dining area. They should reconsider the location of the reception desk.* 5 stars for the food and the staff (service). Our server (Ana) was very good and made the experience enjoyable. The music was Mob Hits (love it).We will be back but will need to sit away from the front door.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/30/2013,33,144,3,4,3>There's not a whole lot for me to update about the store, itself.What this update is about, is how absolutely amazing the guys who own this store are.In the store there is this awesome tapestry-style map of Westeros hanging on the wall. It's beautifully detailed with the house emblem of literally every single house ever mentioned in The Song of Ice and Fire books positioned appropriately on the map. I'd been drooling over this thing for months, but found out from Josh, one of the owners, that it was a unique item. Alas.My wife knew I loved the map, but didn't know it was unique. So she emailed Josh asking where she could get one for me for Christmas. Josh offered to see what he could do to get another one made. In the end, he was able to order another one and only asked that my wife reimburse him the cost.Without making a cent of profit, Josh was willing to go above and beyond to get one of his regulars something he knew this person would really enjoy. That is a special kind of shop with special kind of owners.I was loyal to Fair Game before, but you'd better believe they have me for life now.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/29/2013,43,217,3,9,5>Pints is pretty cool. I mean, its just a sports bar, but it has a really great vibe, decent beer list, and a ton (I mean a TON) of TV's which is all I need from a sports bar. We ordered some drinks and an app and watched the game for a bit. Bell's Best Brown is the beer of the month for $4 this January, so I was pretty pumped. The fried mac and cheese was pretty good - nice and creamy - but to be honest I'm not sure if they had been frozen or if they were fresh (leaning toward frozen). Plus they didn't come with a dipping sauce (boo!). The staff was great at keeping our drinks filled and staying on top of us even though we ordered apps and waited for a long time before actually ordering dinner. Usually when you do this you need to flag down the waiter who is half ignoring you by this time. Not here - they checked every time someone was low on a drink and just seemed to appear when we merely glanced toward the stack of menus on our table. I ended up just getting the chopped salad as it had been a weekend full of heavy food and beer already, but I was glad I did. It was really delish. I know chop salads are supposed to come all divided up to look pretty, but they had it all mixed together and it was appreciated at that point. I could just dig in! My husband got the Buckeye burger (although it broke my heart that he'd order something named after Ohio State) which was really quite good. The couple we were with got the blackened chicken sandwich (the Legend or something I think it was called?) which was probably my favorite out of everything and the Cheerleader which was a black bean burger. For some reason I don't think I tried the black bean burger, but I think she said it was pretty good. I did steal some of her sweet potato fries which were so good! ...just easy on the dipping sauce that comes with it as it is intense...and I'm not sure how necessary it really is.The food isn't anything overly amazing, so don't come here solely for that. However, I would HIGHLY recommend this place to watch the game or just to hang out with some friends...and while you are here if you are hungry get that chicken sandwich... Yum!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/28/2013,2184,1339,10,17,14>My friend had a medium party with Michael last month and I went in having zero idea what to expect, just going for the fun of it. There was some confusion on the time apparently a scheduling conflict made by his assistant so we were all left waiting for a few hours after the scheduled start time. It was fine for me because I cleared my schedule to hang out with my friends the whole day, but several people couldn't make it or had to leave and were not able to have their time. He did compensate and say we could each take $5 off our reading. It costs $45 for a reading that's about 20 minutes. We had about 20 people and everyone came out bawling, in shock, in awe - I was freaked out waiting for my turn. When my turn finally came, I went in and without going into too many details, it was pretty cool. He said some detailed things that freaked me out but also I wish some things were touched on that weren't. Over all though, a very cool experience and a fun time.Check out his website, have a medium party with friends! I didn't walk away completely believing but it did give me a closure I was looking for. Go for nothing more than the entertainment aspect and you'll have a good time!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,3/27/2013,270,833,6,8,6>I'm really glad to see a nice little pottery place in the burbs. I have been to a few places like this before, and really enjoyed myself. Thrown Elements is a quaint place to come paint pottery (you don't make your own). It was $4.50 to paint - that includes unlimited paint and tools to paint with, as well as putting it in the kiln. Then you choose a piece of pottery to paint - this can range from $15 to $50. It really depends on how big your piece is, They have more whimsical things you can paint like animals, or more practical like plates and mugs. Then you pick your colors and tools and paint away! After you are done painting, they put it in the kiln for you, and it will be done in about a week.The staff is very friendly and helpful. They get the paint for you, check up on you, and help out any way they can. They had snacks to munch on as well (it was included). It's a nice activity to do with a small group of friends or even with kids. I just wish they had more of a variety of paint colors, tools, and items to paint. Space is limited here, so I'm guessing that's why they don't have the variety I have seen at other places. It would also be nice if they gave you a bowl of water at your table to wash your brushes off.  Otherwise, I have no complaints!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/26/2013,158,280,3,10,8>I met one of my running buddies here today for a frosty five-mile run. The trails were not plowed or anything, but it was gravel underneath and we were just fine. We had a fantastic close encounter with a mama doe and her babies while we struggled through the snow.  There was only one bathroom that I saw in the parking lot at the Cuba Road entrance, so plan accordingly. I didn't see any water fountains, either.If you have a dog who needs regular exercise, this would be a great place to check out. We saw several larger-breed dogs frolicking in the snow and did come upon a little bag dispenser, too.  This place has rolling hills, so if you have a hybrid or mountain bike, you could check this out. It's not a loop, however, so you might have to make a bunch of turns to get a decent number of miles in.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,3/25/2013,363,708,4,8,7>So. There's this seasonal beer I looked for back in June. Abita Strawberry Harvest Lager. I love this stuff. It's got a heavenly scent of strawberry shortcake, not too sweet but just a bit fruity, refreshing, delightful.I couldn't find any. Our nearby Big Local Chain Liquor Store had someone buy TEN cases of the stuff and it was poof, gone. I looked around a bit more to no avail. I was sad. I gave up for the summer.Cut to early September. We had just stuffed ourselves at Kama Bistro and were walking back to our car when I noticed Vino e Birra, and realized it was fairly new. My husband loves to look around craft beer/wine stores, so in we went. Lo and behold, FOUR six-packs of Abita Strawberry Harvest. And when I grabbed it with glee, the friendly woman behind the counter said she had a pack in the refrigerator if I wanted a cold one. Are you kidding? This is a cute store, with a good selection and friendly staff -- and while it's not quite close enough to be our regular stop, you better believe we'll be back when otherwise perusing downtown La Grange or looking for a hard-to-find brew that Big Local Chain Liquor Store doesn't have...Also: free tastings every Saturday from 2-5.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,3/24/2013,359,353,5,5,4>I never knew I had eyebrows. I mean, I know I do but they're light, wimpy, and seem fairly non-existent. So, the idea of doing anything to them (let alone threading them) seemed like a worthless cause. Whoa, was I wrong. As I tagged along with a coworker who needed to make a quick stop to get her brows threaded. I had heard of threading but never seen it done. To make a long story short, the girl providing the threading services convinced me she could make me a whole new girl and fix my pathetic non-existent brows. A quick dye job and a short threading session later I had beautiful dark and perfectly shaped eye brows. To say I was impressed is an understatement. The real beauty of it, it cost a mere $14 - a special for January. Regularly for color and threading and it's $17 - still an amazing deal. The salon itself is extremely cute and decorated in the girliest of ways - chic, trendy, and full of things that sparkle. The staff is extremely accommodating, professional, and friendly. Jazeh la Belle also offers other services such as eyelash extensions, facials, eyelash tinting, and body waxingWith only one stop into Jazeh la Belle, I'm hooked. So, just when you think you don't have eyebrows worth shaping, think again. Stop in let the girls at JLB work their magic.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,3/23/2013,239,635,7,12,11>Welcome to downtown Naperville, Mark.  This new shop is a home and people accessory shop, according to me.  According to Mark, the owner, it is shop specializing in one-of-a-kind gift, home decor and accessories such as jewelry, new and vintage finds, redesigned furniture, clothing, and handmade artisan items.  Let me just say this, it is PACKED with goodies, which has already been replenished since the grand opening on Saturday.Mark is a designer and that comes through loud and clear in ALL the displays.  It is one of those shops that has to be perused multiple times to take it all in.  It has a very warm feeling, just like your home, and even the outdoor area in front has a fountain and table and chairs to welcome you.  There are 4 rooms to explore. Take the time to enjoy.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,3/22/2013,92,197,5,8,6>I work in Hinsdale quite often, one of the highlights for making the trek into town is always my self indulgent reward of Toni's. The little bakery cafe is something that is becoming more and more scarce with the proliferation of Starbucks, Einstein's and Corner Bakery's appearing in even the smallest of neighborhoods. Toni's food and bakery items are all fresh and delicious. My 2 favorite Toni's experiences:1. Saturday morning breakfast. Me the Hubs and child trek to Hinsdale to get amazing coffee and pastries and enjoy the ambiance.2. Lunch to go. On the run I pop in for a great espresso drink and always the Caprese sandwich. It is delicious, the baguette is crispy and the tomato fresh and juicy the balsamic vinaigrette just right.Now, all of their bakery items are very good, I recommend the macaroons and all buttery pastry items, delicious.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,3/21/2013,51,225,6,5,3>I have never been disappointed here.  This place is always clean, no matter how busy it is.  They make the food right in front of you, so you can watch the birth of deliciousness.I typically go for the burrito al pastor.  The burrito is about the size of my thigh, and they pile on the meat, cheese and guac if you ask for it (take that Chipotle, with your measly portion sizes).  I weighed the burrito after I got it home one night.  It weighed in at over a pound, and yes, I did eat the whole thing.  All this for around $8?  Awesome!I want to also mention that the staff is super friendly, and very attentive.  I'm so glad this place is in my neighborhood!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,3/20/2013,29,80,5,7,6>Four strong stars, with a fifth possibly on the way. Vino Cellar is in the space that was once occupied by a women's-only fitness place called Contours. All of the windows were frosted over, allowing the clients some privacy, but it was a strange business to have in a space so dominated by big windows right on the street. I never got to see the inside of Contours - I asked, trust me - but I imagine the owners of Vino Cellar did great things to make it what it is now. The pleasant but low-key, partially-wooden decor offers bar and couch seating, along with a couple of TV sets, decent audio, and plenty of wine racks for your perusal. My only complaint: no foot rest. The foot rest makes the bar. Oh well.I suppose I could sit on the couches, but then I wouldn't get to talk to Cesar, who is as friendly as he is knowledgeable of wine. It seems as though my wife and I only visit as they are about to close, but the door's open and we never feel rushed out. The wine "tour" offered is quite reasonable and reminiscent enough of wine country offerings that it has a vacation-like feel to it, without the winery dog. And yet it's home. Surreal.We've never felt pressured to buy a bottle of wine, though the selection is good; between Vino Cellar and 20 West, Lombardians have two good choices for their wine-purchasing endeavors. While 20 West has an excellent craft beer selection, Vino Cellar is the place to actually sample the grape.I had doubts when I first heard such a place would open, but I'm very impressed. If Cesar and Courtney can go local with a snack choice or two, I'll have no complaints... save the foot rest.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,3/19/2013,82,235,4,7,6>The place to go for massive portions of ultra fresh Chinese comfort food. The existence of this restaurant just makes it seem irrational to cook, as I'd probably need to spend 5X as much time and twice as much money making the same amount of food myself. Nothing fancy to the decor, but it's nice and clean.I almost always order the pan fried noodles with vegetables and fried tofu (extra $2). It is always fantastic. I've never had spoiled tofu here. And unlike some restaurants where most of the veggies are canned (ugh Lao Hunan), the veggies are always fresh. They use a slightly different mix than the usual, which often includes white button mushrooms, tomatoes, bell peppers, bean sprouts, and snap peas. The soups are super hearty (see pics) and cheap at a little over $2. They have $3 cocktails and wine on offer. Try the plum wine if you like sweet wines.I love the owners, Jenny and John. They're always upbeat and smiling. We'd come here every week if it were closer!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/18/2013,760,671,5,9,7>On New Year's day, my husband and I met up with one of my best friends from high school (and his girlfriend) -- whom I haven't seen in years as we kind of drifted apart. Since we all have a soft spot for Indian food and this is the friend who introduced me to Indian food nearly ten years ago, eating here was a must.My husband and I sat in the bar for a few moments before they arrived. We decided not to order any drinks but the bartender still brought me a water with a smile. While sitting here, we notice the cheesy Indian show on television, photos of celebrities on the wall, and clash of upscale & casual decor. Not quite sure what feel they're going for here, but I kind of liked it.I also noticed many signs advertising a Chat House Dinner Buffet Sundays through Thursdays from 7-9pm for $12.95. The buffet was actually laid out right when you walk in the restaurant, so we were able to take a peek before sitting down at the table. When my friends arrived, we were seated at a table in the very back of the restaurant next to a giant Christmas tree (which confused me a bit). After hearing that the buffet was entirely vegetarian, three of us ended up getting the dinner buffet. My husband stayed unique and opted for his regular Indian dinner: chicken tikka masala with a side of garlic naan.The dinner buffet consists of:Pani PuriBhel PooriDahi VadaPav BhajiRagda PattiesIdliMedu VadaVegetable BiriyaniMost of it seemed like small bites and appetizers (and I didn't know what half of it was!). I ended up getting a lot of Vegetable Biriyani and some other potato-type things and a bread thing and Pav Bhaji. The Vegetable Biriyani was so good -- I got seconds and thirds. The Pav Bhaji was good too, but I'm not a fan of mushy foods, so it wasn't my favorite. The potato things were fun. (I'm sorry, I'm not too familiar with the names of the foods and what exactly they are.) Despite the good buffet, I kind of regretted not getting dinner. I missed eating my favorites and filling up on heavier foods. But hey, it's always good to try new things, right?? And $12.95 for a buffet is a pretty good deal considering that dinner entrees cost more.Our waiter was very over-attentive. He kept filling up after every sip, or so it seemed! Our glasses always stayed full and our conversation kept getting interrupted for him to bend over us and fill our glasses. It was kind of amusing, but still appreciated. We all had a good time and left pretty happy. I'm glad to add this to my list of recommended Indian restaurants in the area.Oh, one more thing: the Yelp check-in offers 20% off your meal, but if you get the buffet, you only get 10% off. That was kind of disappointing, but at least I ate my money's worth!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/17/2013,1,161,5,8,6>Food servings are generous, prices are quite reasonable because of the large portions and I generally need a take home box to eat the rest of my dish later. The restaurant gives off a very homey feel, like you're in someone's kitchen. There are decorations of apples all around giving a nod to the restaurant name. They serve breakfast and lunch and are open from 6AM-3PM. On my most recent visit, we came in at 9AM on Saturday morning and we were able to grab a table for 2 without a wait. The place was already full. But with it serving mostly breakfast items at the time (I doubt many people were ordering off the lunch menu at this time), tables were turning over pretty quickly.One thing I appreciate about the servers is how they can take your order without having to write it down. There are quite a few here who do that, and I always think that's a pretty cool skill to have. Also, when they have the coffee pot, I noticed they also check on the surrounding tables to see if they need a refill (again, only some of them). Of the ones I have experienced, they are very kind and sweet servers.Expect large portions of whatever you decide on the menu, and you can't really go wrong. I usually stay on the breakfast side of the menu, so I can't vouch for lunch items. This time we around opted for the classic benedict and the gyro skillet. From the point of ordering to serving, it took 10 minutes. (Yes I timed it - but only because the clock was right in front of me.) And the food itself is absolutely divine in my book.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,3/16/2013,87,333,2,5,4>*Disclaimer: This review is solely based on visits during the Beignet Saturday brunch experience.*The restaurant's unique combo of classic Southern/Nawlins style with Tex-Mex dishes yields an eclectic menu, especially for breakfast (which is offered every day, but the beignets are only on the third Saturday of the month).My husband and I have brought friends here from out of town as well as have patronized it as a party of two. We were not disappointed either time with the atmosphere, service or food.Atmosphere with attitude -From the outside, it looks a bit dated and kitschy with the huge pig. But I got over that once inside because it's cozy and bright. The building is split into dining rooms and the bar. The restaurant area has sunshine orange and yellow tones of wall paint in addition to lots of windows. Upholstery for the chairs and booths is basic, but the decor ranges in African tribal masks, colorful paintings and brass shaped into instruments and suns. On Beignet Saturdays, there is live music of the Southern jazzy quality, which definitely adds to the transformation of the environment. It's more so instrumental, which is the perfect accompaniment to conversation.Solid service -Service started well both times by following accommodations I had outlined in my Opentable reservations from setting up for a large group when our friends visited to saving a booth for two when it was just my husband and me. Service has also been consistent and friendly, probably to go along with the Southern charm, by making suggestions and small talk but also knowing when to leave us alone.Funky food (in a good way) -As far as food is concerned, Chuck's certainly ranks up there for a brunch fan such as myself. I'm always looking for twists on the staples. Almost all the bfast food will have a classic American base like eggs, potatoes and sausage but then the chef kicks it up a notch with bold spices and flavors.Even with the beverages here, we discovered a version of coffee that we need to replicate at home. The Café de Olla is a French press pot enough for two with orange, cinnamon and brown sugar. I love drinking this black to really savor all the nuances of sweet and zesty.With the entrees, a skillet or benny are my go-to brunch items. I've tried the Cajun skillet and the Crab Cakes Eggs Benedict here, and now prefer the skillet only because I am a bit picky when it comes to crab cakes. The crab cakes here tasted and looked like they were made in-house, but they were just not up to the standard of flaky fresh meat that I require. But the skillet had the balanced ratio of potato slices, peppers and Chorizo sausage so that it had a solid kick but was not painful. I also love ordering eggs either poached or over-medium (which they have cooked to my liking here) so that I get a little runny yolk to break open over the other ingredients, acting as a sort of sauce. Now, the toast to accompany the dishes definitely leaves a LOT to be desired. The bread looks and tastes like it came out of a grocery chain bag. I am also a major stickler for quality, from scratch bread, so I need it thick with a definitive crust on the outside and a soft middle on the inside. What REALLY makes this place shine is that special on beignets. We've ordered it as an appetizer when with a big group and as a dessert when just for my husband and me. I've never been to New Orleans, but my husband proclaims himself an expert of the area due to his business trips so he can attest to the quality of the beignets of Chuck's. It's obvious they are homemade because they are made fresh to order, coming out irregularly shaped and hot. In fact, on our most recent visit we almost missed our chance at eating them because we asked for them close to the end of brunch and they were almost out. I would have been saddened if I did not get a chance to eat these heavenly pillows of sugar. Let me emphasize that I am NOT a sweets kind of gal. Give me a bag of chips over chocolate bar any day. But on this day, all bets are off. I am absolutely in love with these bite-size, doughnut-like treats because of the consistency with the slightly crunchy shell covered in powdered sugar and the ultra soft, cakey interior. By dipping them in the chocolate and/or the vanilla sauces on the side, it adds another level of flavor and texture that completes the dish. For only $5.50, this special is a steal.In the end, I can at least recommend Chuck's to you for brunch, my all-time fav meal of the day. It's a place I'm willing to come back to more than once for this particular meal, and it's certainly a place I'd love to try during dinner.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/15/2013,101,127,6,4,7>Bacon Bread. BACON BREAD! Seriously. Have you ever had thick-cut bacon braided into your baguette? Because thats the way it should be. And Pastry House Hippo is the only place (that I know of) that does it.Also, pastries are delicious. But they're even better when they look like adorable little animals and are stuffed with chocolate custard. The crabs are bomb, but the turtles are bomb-er.ALSO, their white bread is so fluffy and wonderful and you can get a loaf with the crusts already removed.I love you, PHH.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/14/2013,92,360,4,9,5>A new restaurant in which two other restaurants have failed in the last two years. This should tell you something about the viability of the location for restaurants, but... here comes Viet Bowl & Grill. I neglected to try Gandalf's Grill while it was open at this location (in which I would have declared that one does not simply walk into Mordor to order a pork sandwich), so I wasn't about to miss this opportunity.And it's pretty good. I ordered a meatball pho to battle my ongoing cold, while my wife ordered the chicken noodle pho. I also ordered a side of sweet and spicy wings, just to try something on the non-pho side of the menu.The wings were good! Less spicy than sweet, but not overly sweet like bad teriyaki chicken wings. The chicken was cooked just right, and it was served on a bed of lettuce, carrots and other vegetables. We got them takeout, so they were cold... I'm not sure if they're served hot at the restaurant.Our pho was also good. Not earth-shatteringly great, but still a solid pho that I was happy to have. All the usual trimmings accompanied them; basil, bean sprouts, a wedge of lime. The sauces were good. The broth was lightly seasoned, and the chicken broth more flavorful than the meatball broth.I hope these guys can stick around, I'd love to try some more of the non-pho items on the menu.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,3/13/2013,123,246,4,6,5>Beep beep beep beep clack clack clack... Ah, the sounds of an arcade. Do kids even know what an arcade is these days? Most probably don't but the flashing screens housed inside cabinets controlled by joysticks and buttons really brings a pang of nostalgia to me. The dark atmosphere punctured by the occasional exclamation of a gamer is a decidedly comfortable feeling as I step through the space time continuum and find myself back at the neighborhood arcade lining quarters up on the screen to queue up for my turn. There is certainly something magical about  a tangible box with solid controls built for one purpose or game. It's extravagant in this day and age but it was the way the real video games were played during my childhood. Kids didn't sit at home by themselves shooting at each other through an internet connection while cursing at each other like some sort of internet tough guy. We hung out at the arcade and made new friends. Real friends; not some faceless person with a silly internet moniker that on a friends list. The arcade was more than just a place to play games.Fortunately, you don't have to bring quarters to play because, as many other arcades these days, Underground has their machines rigged up for free play. How payment is taken care of is a one time $10 fee up front as soon as you walk in to play as much as you'd like -- or closing time which is 11 pm on most if not all days. I remember easily spending $20 worth of quarters for a half day of fun in the arcade at Bunny Hutch in Lincolnwood and that was way back then so a one time $10 charge is relatively cheap -- especially if you consider the ride back in time walking through the doors will give you.Scott, the owner, is an extremely friendly guy and has done a great job of compiling a collection of games that are more than sufficient to send you back to the future and/or spark the imagination of a kid you bring along. I love seeing the smile of kids face the first time he or she walks through the doors and sees a classic cabinet for the first time. But, just in case you're tired of playing the old school games or ready for a new challenge, Underground has Xbox, Sega Genesis, SNES, and Atari systems with an extremely wide variety of games to satisfy your gaming needs! There are two wall mounted TV screens in one corner of the game room set up with various game consoles that Scott or an employee would be more than willing to help you set up to play all while relaxing on a couch as if you were at home. I asked if he has an NES system but he said he is still working on getting one at the moment as they are extremely hard to find in good working condition. I grew up with NES so that is my favored console and can't wait till he gets one in.So, after all that gaming you're bound to get tired, thirsty, or a little hungry. Check out the staple candy selection displayed in the front counter showcase. They even have Cracker Jack. Then wash it down with some Pac Man or Donkey Kong energy drink! There are tables to sit at while you enjoy your snack as well.Do you or your child like this place so much that you want to throw a birthday party here? Underground has you covered with a room at the front of the building that has plenty of chairs and tables that can be rented out. Perfect place to bring a bunch of pizzas for the rugrats so they eat and get back to perfecting their Pac Man or Galaga skills. I wouldn't mind having my birthday party here either!If you're a fan of arcades then you'll probably compare this place to Galloping Ghost. Although Underground is much smaller, Scott has done a good job of distilling the dizzying array of games out there to complete the essentials. Underground is much more convenient for me as it is much closer to my house -- and it's also $5 cheaper. Underground is much better for a more intimate, around the corner arcade feeling. I love Galloping Ghost as the next person but it can be downright intimidating in there sometimes.There are plenty of great places to eat and drink in the Dundee area so feel free to take a break and go out then come back with in and out privileges all day long! Underground really is a great place for great entertainment on a budget so check it out!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/12/2013,419,399,5,4,5>If you're Russian or want to experience a true Russian cultural experience, then this is the place for you! I'm Russian and this is one of the few restaurants acceptable by the Russian Community. It's a place to see and be seen so if you've got something fancy to put on, PUT IT ON!!! And don't be shy because you will be judged either way.The place has a swanky, modern, yet still glamorous appeal. The place is a few years old so it's got that new feel to it which I really like. There's a gorgeous foyer with  mirrors to check yourself out, and the banquet hall isn't as big as its partner restaurant Petergof which is located in Northbrook, but Versailles has a trendy feel to it. I had my 25th birthday party here (because that is considered a big number in the Russian culture) and had about 50 people. The packages are pricey and I got the $75.00 package plus tax and tip coming to about $100 per person. You may think that's a crazy amount, but you get your moneys worth. From salads, to pelmeni (Russian dumplings) to cured meats, fish, lamb chops, I mean I think I had it all. Personally love the tounge here prepared in a bread bowl, the pan fried potatoes with mushrooms, the calamari, the seaweed salad with eel and cucumber and those are just the appetizers. My american friends just could not keep up with the food, but hey at least they kept up with the booze. It's byob btw, which is nice since you can bring as much Vodka as your party can handle. I brought the Patron, clearly. The desserts that they bring out are fantastic including Napoleon (which is the best Russian cake) and a fruit platter. Also coffee with vanilla ice cream to finish off the meal, you will leave stuffed with plenty of leftovers to invite your friends for next day brunch/lunch.Now onto the main part of this whole experience-the Music! It's loud, super loud, you can request your favorite songs ($20 a piece) Yes, the whole entertainment factor can add up, but that's a great way to do a shout out for a friend or family member. The band is good, I think three people here, not as good as Petergof's music, but still very good. You may need a change of flip flops when you can't rock it out in your 5 inch Christian Louboutin's anymore. Overall, an awesome way to spend a Saturday night special occasion. Awesome food, great music, your best friends and lots of booze, what can be better?! Definitely a nice gem in the BG hood.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,3/11/2013,83,41,6,6,6>In my final days of high school, I was introduced to Uncle Harry's. It was located in the strip just east of Marcus Theater in Addison. To say that I loved it would be an understatement. I made it a point to visit once in a while, and get my creamy delights on. Then one day, it was gone. It disappeared, and I had no hope. For years I settled for mediocre ice cream, and store-bought blandness.Earlier this year, Ericka A. and I were craving ice cream, and we decided to do what any sane person would do, and Yelp away. Imagine my surprise when I saw Uncle Harry's listed in Addison, and very much -NOT- closed. I quickly pulled up the location on the almighty Google, and noticed that it was nowhere near Marcus. I deduced that it must have moved all those years ago, and not closed, so we hopped in the car and made our way into Addison.I'm pleased to say that nothing's changed. There's a few more square feet for seating, but otherwise it's the same old amazing ice cream shop that I knew and loved. Delicious dairy-based creations, as well as another vice of mine - Coffee! I don't know how I never realized they had coffee in the past. Now, we make it a point to stop in regularly. There's even been times where I'm cutting it close to closing time, and I call ahead to order. They're more than happy to accommodate, getting the ice cream ready, bagged, and waiting in the freezer.The service is always amazing, even when we stand there for what seems to be ages, making our decisions of what to have. The ice cream, of course is fantastic, as are the coffee drinks. I can't possibly recommend this place more. The best nights kick off at La Placita down the street, and end at Uncle Harry's.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,3/10/2013,10,43,6,8,6>Great Mother of God. We're pretty lucky in the Chicago-land area with some pretty cool grocery store chains (Mariano's, Fresh Market, Whole Foods, Trader Joes), but Heinen's takes it to a whole new level of awesome-ness. $3 Two Brother's draft while you shop, absolutely artful produce, wide variety of grocery items, and comparable prices to other area chains. They even offer the obligatory loyalty card. Sign up and you get a free reusable grocery bag! Woot! This place makes me giddy to go grocery shopping. Crossing my fingers that I get a text on my way home that we're out of milk so I can stop here again.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/9/2013,87,104,4,6,6>As soon as I step out of the car in the parking lot, the smells make my mouth water like Pavlov's dog. Only difference is, I've conditioned myself, having eating pho with such insatiable gusto all these years.Spring rolls - how can you mess these up?!Beef and meatball pho (I like this combo but you'll have to ask for it because for whatever reason it isn't a listed option) - textbook perfect, with rich, spicy broth, lean shavings of beef, and fat, juicy slices of meatball.Chicken pho - The simpler broth is so comforting, but I'm knocking my rating down a star because of giant pieces of chicken with skin and gristle still clinging on. The bountiful veggies snap with freshness, and there's even that sawleaf coriander that I cannot get enough of. SCORE.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,3/8/2013,102,185,6,7,4>I recently discovered this neighborhood bar and I'm actually very happy I did. I had been looking for a place to call "home" lately since I have been friendless and dateless for the last few months. Boohoo!  =(   It's not really because I'm hated by everyone, but mostly because my 2 BFFs just had babies, and because I seem to have no luck with the opposite sex. So while wallowing in my pity, I started coming here solo.Let me tell you, it is one of the friendliest bars I have been to in a long time. It is so easy to start up a conversation with the fellow patrons and the music has always been drinking friendly. They play XM radio and there is also a jukebox. I really like the outdoor patio in the back. That is where you can find the smokers. I noticed they have a bar in the patio too but I think it is mostly used during the summer months. This place is a gotta try.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,3/7/2013,222,278,6,9,7>Tiny space, big taste!There really isn't a whole lot of seating inside, but it's still a cool place to hang out. At the time I was there (a Sat. afternoon) there was quite a young crowd. The guy that was working at the register was very friendly and willing to offer suggestions. He even told me about a punch card they have! Bonus points for sure. I asked for something different that I couldn't get somewhere else. He recommended the Jack-o-lantern which is their take on a pumpkin latte - with white chocolate! I don't even particularly enjoy white chocolate but it actually went really well with the pumpkin. I did have one of the pumpkin butterscotch cookies that people had raved about....unfortunately I wasn't over the mood about them. They were decent, but I probably wouldn't get that next time. The zucchini bread was already sold out otherwise I definitely would have tried that. Perhaps next time....Yes, there will definitely be a next time.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,3/6/2013,56,50,6,13,11>Katy's Dumpling house is a-ok by me!As someone who has lived in China and misses streetfood and dumpling huts (a LOT) these dumplings are the closest thing I can get to the ones made by my Chinese Host Grandma without driving to Chinatown in the city.  Handmade dumplings in a few flavors.  If you like "potstickers" from any other restaurant, get the pork/chive or pork/bok choy. They're your typical dumpling with the flavors you have guilty dreams about.  I've tried the other dumplings here which are just as good, however not everyone is prepared for a different tasting vibe when they're on a Chinese food binge.The noodles here also stand out. They're handmade as well, a bit on the lumpy side, but as chewy/elastic as you could want. When you order soup they package the noodles separately so you don't end up with a bunch of over cooked noodles and broth-free soup. Seriously, don't put too many noodles in at a time... they'll soak up all the soup. I'm looking forward to trying new things here.. but for now, I'm sticking to noodle soup and steamed dumplings.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,3/5/2013,49,155,2,5,5>What a cute place! Added bonus that it was delicious and they have great bloody mary's. I met my girlfriends here for brunch and made a reservation. We were seated right away and it looked like they were turning tables pretty quickly. The wait looked like 20 mins or so on a Saturday late morning. Since I couldn't decide if I wanted breakfast or lunch (literally everything on the menu sounded fantastic) I ended up having savory crepes with my bloody mary and it was perfect. Normally I'm a member of the clean plate club, but I could only put back half of my plate (one crepe). The leftovers made a great dinner.The portions were on the big side, but then again, their prices reflected that. It wasn't outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. Service was really quick and friendly. Our group of six sat there chatting a little bit after our quick brunch and our server didn't even get annoyed that we were camping and wasting her table. It was nice to not feel rushed and like we were being kicked out.I will certainly add this place into my usual brunch rotation. I can't wait to try some of the other things on the menu!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/4/2013,316,231,6,12,8>BACKGROUND:I am from California and I went to college in San Diego.  San Diego is known for it's good Mexican food and it's unique dish known as Carne Asada Fries.  If you don't know, San Diego is about 1 hr away from the Mexican/US border.  Anyway, in the San Diego county, you ALWAYS find a Rigoberto's, Roberto's, Lolita's, MXN, etc on every street.  It was heaven for you french fries lovers, college starving students, or after a good drunken night.  What IS carne asada fries?Carne Asada Fries: french fries mixed with beef underneath a layer of cheese, salsa, guacamole, and sour cream.REVIEW:I heard about Alfredo's through a friend.  He went to my college in San Diego and we're both here for more schooling.  He apparently introduced the restaurant about carne asada fries and now they serve it!Yesterday, I took two friends with me on this hunt for Carne Asada Fries.The french fries were cooked just fine.  I felt there needed to be more of the cheese, salsa, and guac.  There was no sour cream.  There was red bell peppers, which is different.  Portion-size, it was on the smaller end than what I'm used to, but honestly it is just fine.  It is on the pricier end about $9-10 for an order.  However, I felt because IL doesn't even have carne asada fries, it's expected.Well, later on I met up with another friend and she was hungry.  Honestly I was still hungry too.  SOOO I took her here 2 hours after my FIRST order.This time, I found out that he DOES have sour cream.  Alfredo, honey, you throw that in there :)  We also enjoyed a delicious slice of their authentic homemade flan.  YUMSo there you have it.  I gave it 4 stars because I've obviously had better, but the rarity of this dish is worth the price and portion size.THANK YOU for serving carne asada fries.  It was delicious and I will be back for more.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/3/2013,280,274,9,10,10>Nothing can prepare you for the awe/horror/wtf??? feeling you get when you first walk through the door. U Gazdy's decor is slightly ambivalent and so unexpected because the restaurant is essentially a dark log cabin from the exterior. However, the interior emits rays of bright light during the day reflected from beautifully intricate wood work (looks like birch wood). The bar area is completely adorned in this wood which gives it a Polish Trader Vics vibe. The fact that this place was absolutely packed with Eastern Europeans at 3pm on a random Saturday made my first encounter all the more surreal.The food here is really really good. It is Polish comfort food that tastes fresh and authentic.The pierogi were soft and pillow-like dumplings. They serve bread with rendered pork fat that makes butter feel like a fat-free food. Upon recommendation, we ordered the center cut breaded pork chop which is a very generous portion not unlike weinerschnitzel. The dish came with delicious "gnocchi-like" dumplings.My wife and I were stuffed at this point, but we were pretty happy.U Gazdy is worth a visit if you're ever in the mood or on a mission for very good Polish food. The owners are also wonderful. My wife and I are looking forward to going back for dinner to try their other menu items.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/2/2013,69,457,4,15,5>Wow, the buzz about this place has been amazing, at least in my circles! I'm impressed with their marketing and getting local people involved in making this great restaurant happen. Very creative and smart.I met a new friend here this morning for a mid-morning snack. It was already pretty busy and as lunch approached it got busier, but not too crowded. It's great to see that the place has caught on already. I found it a little confusing at first since there is a lot to look at and it seemed like there were several places where you could order. We were greeted by almost everyone working there, which was nice. They have a section as you walk in where they have gourmet items for purchase and then a large counter as well as cases of drinks (I love Izze!) and items to go. Their bakery items look delicious and were hard to choose from. My friend had a blackberry bar and said it was delicious- it was also a generous size. I had read on their Facebook page (you should check it out- there are many more comments there than on Yelp so far, for some reason) that the almond croissants were delicious (they did look very good) but I decided to try a biscuit with blackberry jam and honey butter instead (only $2.00). It was very good but I probably should have ordered two! The blackberry jam was delicious and I went looking for a jar of it on our way out but I didn't find it. I'll look again or ask next time. Make sure you pick up your silverware and napkins before you sit down- they don't bring them to you with your food or drink. The food and drinks come out as they are ready and not all at the same time- or at least that's how they did it for us. It seems like the workers were still trying to figure things out a little bit, which is to be expected. I had the blueberry rooibos tea and it was delicious! I would definitely have that again, and I noticed that they sell it to take home as well. I appreciated they also had ice water and cups that you could help yourself to. Blackberry Market is much larger than I expected- there is some seating where you order but there is a whole other large room next door with quirky lime green chairs and tables for seating. There were a lot of people working on their computers. I felt like I often do at other cafes/coffee houses that everyone could hear our conversation, but I guess that is typical. It is a nice-looking place with beautiful wood floors. Even the bathrooms are pretty! I loved the tiling and the doors (though I had trouble getting the door to lock- probably user error!) The oatmeal sounds delicious to me so I want to try that next time. The blackberry brownies also look really good. The chicken salad to go also looked tasty. They seem to have high quality ingredients and it sounds like they take great care in each detail and decision on what to offer. It's a great idea to have ready-made dinners to go and I bet this will catch on really well in this area. It sounds like each day it is something different and you can see what they are offering each night on their Facebook page and in the restaurant. It's great to have a new cafe in the area. I like their attention to detail and the quality of the food. I like their story. The prices seem reasonable too. I hope they succeed- I highly recommend you check them out!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,3/1/2013,176,176,7,9,7>When some people mention "The Lucky Monk" they think microbrews. While that's certainly a primary draw for this burger, pizza and beer restaurant, when I hear "The Lucky Monk" I immediately think of their Chicken-Poblano Chili with white beans and cilantro. It's that good. On more than one occasion, and certainly on cold winter nights when I'm in the mood for chili, I seriously consider driving across the northwestern suburbs to TLM in South Barrington. Since I tend to lean toward chicken-based entrees, I typically choose the chicken-poblano chili for my meal. They do have a red bean chili too, which is also hearty and tasty. Either way, match that up with a decent side salad and I'm good to go.When I'm not too full from my meal, I naturally look at the dessert menu. TLM doesn't disappoint here either. Their warm apple crisp is pretty good. Their S'mores are very sweet, maybe a bit too much even for a sweet tooth like myself. Definitely split the S'mores order with someone else if you want to try it. And as much as I really want to try their Cookie Skillet (chocolate chip cookie dough, vanilla bean ice cream and caramel sauce) my willpower has allowed me to resist this beckoning dessert (for now). But one of these days, I may just grab a spoon and go to town on that dessert option, after eating a good healthy TLM salad of course.Service at TLM has been excellent each time I've stopped in. I've sat at the bar, lounge tables in the bar area, and at dining tables in the main restaurant area. All across the board, service is very good and friendly. Warm woods, neutral grays, natural stones all make this a cozy environment to enjoy dinner, drinks or a quick game on TV at the bar. Weekends will get pretty busy, especially with the AMC 30 Theatres next door. So try a mid-week visit to avoid the crowds and wait times.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/28/2013,213,107,10,14,12>Spaceballs! Pee-Wee's Big Adventure! Hells to the yes!I had soooo much fun on my recent visit to Cigars and Stripes. It's not your typical bar, it's actually pretty low key. Honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect. I've heard good things about it, and that's enough for me to warrant a visit.We walked in and it was pretty dark, but noticed right away that Space Balls was playing on the large screen over the bar. I was immediately hooked. A+!We sat at one of the tables in the front and saw the Garbage Pail Kids pattern on the tops. A++! This bar seems like it was built from my childhood memories. It's also known that C&S shows old wrestling videos. A+++!We were told that their wings and rib tips were pretty good. So we ordered both. I'm glad we did. The wings are so good that you don't need any kind of sauce on them. They offer 4 different kinds of BBQ sauce if you feel the need for it and they range from mild to XXX-Hot. The wings are big and meaty and carry this charcoal grill taste to them that makes them great. The rib tips were also meaty and extremely soft. I loved both items. I also had a piece of pizza that my friend ordered, BBQ Chicken. Also good. Feel free to order all 3 if you like.C&S also carries a large variety of craft beers. I'm a huge fan of craft beers and they have a large fridge that showcases what they carry. Feel free to peep them and order at the bar, worked for me.I didn't really get to check out the cigar shop side, but I'll definitely take a peek next time I go in.There's also stories that C&S is haunted. Fine with me, the more the merrier.Cheers.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/27/2013,74,502,3,10,10>I've been wanting to try Courageous Cupcakes forever so I was stoked when they opened their own bakery in the spot formerly occupied by SereneTeaz. My mom and I stopped by Tuesday afternoon. We both got 2 cupcakes each (to go of course). I got Pink Velvet and Peanut Butter (might have been called Peanut Butter Mania). My mom got French Silk and Pumpkin Pie.I eventually tried my cupcakes later that same night. I honestly didn't care for the Pink Velvet but it might be a personal preference. I found the cake to be flavorless...very moist though. I did really enjoy the Peanut Butter cupcake. The cake on that one was so flavorful, almost like you took a spoonful of peanut butter straight from the jar. I think the inside even had a bit of peanut butter filling. The frosting was also really good and of course, tasted like peanut butter. My mom said she really enjoyed her cupcakes too.I liked that they packaged each cupcake individually in its own plastic (recyclable) container. They are a bit pricey at $3.25 each but you get what you pay for!I am really looking forward to trying the taffy apple, caramel apple and banana crème pie cupcake so I need to keep an eye out for those. Oh boy...I'm going to have to keep working out!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,2/26/2013,133,66,8,9,9>Friendly tip for all small business owners -- update your business plans to include "welcome customers with complimentary chocolate samples," and patrons will fall in Love with your establishment.Which is what I did within 5 seconds of entering the gorgeous little shop that is Anna Shea Chocolate Lounge. A sparkling chandelier, pale pink and warm brown décor -- with a display case that houses not only dozens of chocolate selections, but French macarons AND gelato?! It was like walking into the closet of my dreams (minus the food items...though, I must admit -- a closet stocked with French macarons would be pretty sweet!). Add to that a super-sweet staff that ensures you are enjoying a chocolate sample within moments of entering the shop -- and the express road straight to my heart was cleared for Anna Shea.To seal the deal and put a promise ring on it? Hot and cold beverage choices galore! Including a -- wait for it -- CHOCOLATE BASED chai latte option! Joy! I wish I had been brave enough to try the 'Affogato,' which I just learned is a scoop of gelato topped with a shot of hot espresso -- but was already chilly from wandering around the Arboretum. Instead, I opted for a cup of the Cran-Raspberry Chocolate Chai latte. Pure. Sippable. Bliss! The following will likely not do it justice...but I swear it was reminiscent of chocolate covered gummy bears (I know, I know -- doesn't seem a grand enough comparison. But know this -- I truly, madly, deeply LOVE gummy bears, so coming from me -- this is a compliment of the highest order!). For sustenance, I also shared a slice of the Salted Caramel Crunch Cake and a small assortment of French Macarons. ** SIDEBAR: How did I -- a self-proclaimed French Macarons Lover -- not know that they existed  a mere 15 minutes away from home? Shame on me! **The Crunch Cake was insanely decadent. Imagine layers of the most buttery pound cake  and the most rich, golden caramel -- topped with a coffee-cake-like crunch. Definitely  a shareable treat -- even this sweet tooth could not imagine devouring an entire slice solo. Ahhh...and the Macarons. Perfection! We ordered the Passion Fruit (which was so good, apparently, that my dining companion neglected to save me a bite!), Earl Grey, and Salted Caramel. The Salted Caramel spoke to both my sweet tooth AND salty craving simultaneously (the best desserts do!). But the Earl Grey -- wow! Surprisingly, and unpredictably DELICIOUS! The unmistakable taste of Earl Grey tea at first bite -- but with the unexpected hint of (I swear!) FRUITY PEBBLES  at the finish. I know. It sounds ridiculous. But try it, and smile as you recognize that familiar taste :)Cost-wise -- I will admit that they are a wee bit on the pricey side. Two bucks a macaron puts Anna Shea's at the top of the charts as far as what I've paid for the tiny treats (not including the rare gigantic variety). Also topping the charts, however, are their service and quality of goods --  well worth the initial sticker shock. Not to mention their prime parking-meter-free suburban location -- money saved that you can put towards your Anna Shea's splurge!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/25/2013,261,335,8,8,8>Danny's can definitely find the way to an Italian girl's heart. Whether I have come here for the Monday "Chef's Surprise Choice" special or one of their weekly staples, rarely am I disappointed. I mean, from where I come from the pressure is definitely on them.This is a cute spot, casual, where you can grab a table and take your time or do a grab n go. What they also have going for them is their service; friendly and fabulous.But let's get to the most important thing: the food! Their "thing of things" and most talked about are the neck bones, as well as their fried meatballs. And they are good, and that is what my guy usually gets. But they have a few other things to offer that truly entice me. Five generations of Italians just rolled over in their graves at Mt Carmel cemetery as those words were written.  I love their Asparagus and Feta salad. It's totally worth the 5 or 6 bucks. And as far as my favorite meals at Danny's: it's a toss up -- their eggplant dishes vs. their handmade pasta rotini which I have gotten with spinach and romaine. Today, it was the eggplant for me; a good sized serving, too. My guy ordered their tilapia with the fried greens and pasta, also very good. He also likes Danny's Bacala -- but refrains from ordering it, not because it isn't great, it's because it brings back childhood trauma for me of cod fish heads floating in a bowl. But I digress.The wine and beer and beverage options at Danny's are pretty standard, but the food is the thing, so what they offer does work. They would get a complete and total 5 stars from me if they increased their meatless options, but, I have also found them open to altering a dish when my veggie side counterattacks my meat eating side.Another nice thing that I confess to when I have been in a bind and that is ordering a gallon of their gravy/sauce for when company is imminent and I haven't made it from scratch. Hey, I'm a realist, and they do decent catering. And, yes, those same five generations just rolled back the other way. Nice job, Danny's --- remember your humble roots and keep doing what you're doing!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,2/24/2013,178,365,6,7,6>FINALLY.  Another suburban gem tucked away in a strip mall.  No, it's not fancy...no, it's not big, and no, you won't get the most amazing service you've ever experienced, but I'll be damned if they won't blow your mind in the sushi department.  (*DISCLAIMER*:  The Japanese food my friends were eating (some kind of katsu) looked great, smelled great, and seemed great {Also...I don't think they were enthralled with the salad and the miso was just GOOD} but this review is really all about the sushi.)I got my standard judgment rolls:  Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, and Spicy Himachi.  ALL were great.  Nice big chunks of fresh fish with scallions and cucumbers so thin they must've been sliced with razor blades (Okay, okay, the cucumber isn't THAT impressive, but at least it wasn't a big chunk.)  The rolls actually had SOME spice too so I didn't have to add too much wasabi either.I may have found my new go-to when I don't want to drive all the way to Ju Rin.  Bravo, Daruma, bravo.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/23/2013,152,234,5,11,9>We were originally looking for Dappers and couldn't find it, so we Yelped for brunch places in the area and this came up.  We found out that this place took over the Dapper's restaurant.The food is served in large portions. Lots of veggies in my veggie omelette and it was fluffy and not at all oily. The hash had a nice crispy crust on it. Original Benedict meal comes with fresh fruits whole slices, not a little side bowl of it.  It was very good according to the hubby.The place looks contemporary inside, white walls with many different colorful places, bright and open. The crowd is mainly families and good turn around of tables.I LOVE that they serve fresh smoothies and fresh wheat grass shots with a wedge of lemon.I got the Green Goodness, refreshing!  The staff was friendly and my waitress was knowledgeable of the menu and other things that were not yet printed on the menu like the shot of Wheat Grass with a wedge of lemon, very tasty.One thing I don't care much is the crazy parking lot, it was hard to get in and out.  But overall I will definitely come back here for breakfast!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/22/2013,287,787,13,18,11>Anyone else thought this place was just a bar? If you saw Tomczak's from the outside, you'd agree with me.  It's a bar.  But I learned that it's a bar that serves some tasty Fish Fry every Friday night.  I was skeptical, because y'know, it looks like a bar.  Their Friday night fish fry is All you can Eat and you get a choice of cod, catfish and perch. My go-to is Cod, but I'm definitely going to try the catfish next time. The fillets are a nice size, have a nice battered coating and served piping hot. They weren't greasy or over done. They also come with a side of fries, coleslaw and garlic bread. The fries and garlic bread were great, but the coleslaw was very bland. I love coleslaw so I was a little disappointed with this serving.We also tried the chicken tenders and they were pretty tasty but my guess would be that they are pre-prepared or packaged.  Sorry I can't remember what else was on the menu because we were there for the fish!There are two sections inside---a bar section with a few casino machines, and the dining section--basically about 7 tables.  The dining section is family friendly which really surprised me. They had high chairs too!  Just a few families dining that night, most of the other patrons were older couples. . They just make it clear that children cannot cross over to the bar section. And I'm sure that after dinner hours, no kids would be allowed inside at all. Service was kind of friendly, kind of sarcastic, kind of like Flo from the TV show Alice.  For a townie institution like T-zaks, I would have expected nothing less.Reasonable (cheap!) prices.  $2 PBRs.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,2/21/2013,151,128,15,16,19>This little joint is fan-freakin'-tastic.Maureen M. is right on the money in saying don't let yourself be fooled by the looks of the place. Not that it looks like a dump by any means, it's just small, and upon first glance - misleading. I remember thinking on my first visit, "Gourmet burgers come out of this little place? Oka-a-a-y." It's true. It's like this little oasis of heavenly hamburgers amongst the boring businesses on Ogden right there that peddle such exciting items as windows, aluminum awnings, and mattresses, etc. On my first visit, I sampled the Fun Guy burger. The flavors in this burger are mind-boggling. I loved every bite (and finished it too). It was so good, and I had recurring dreams about it for so long, that when my husband and I returned this past Saturday night it was a no-brainer as to what I would order. But when we walked in I was overcome with a sudden sense of adventure and decided I'd try something new. We agreed to split a regular-size fry. Then I chose the Bruschetta Burger, and my husband got the Au Poivre, double down. Yep. Two patties for this yahoo who promised me " 'til death do we part " and now seemed to be seriously considering the death part. The gentleman behind the counter raised his eyebrows slightly before telling my husband he thought his decision was awesome. I wish I had made note of this man's name. He has such a passion and excitement for what he does. It's infectious. Since my husband ordered an already huge hamburger as a double, this man called the owner and made sure it was possible without ruining the burger. The caring thoughtfulness of this left us speechless. After finalizing the order, he whipped out his phone and showed us pictures of some recent creations they had done per customer request. This guy is amazing. Again, such passion!Our food was ready and we departed. A moment after I started the car I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and it was this man who took our order. I rolled down the window and he says, "I forgot to give you the gravy for the fries!!" and ran back in to get it. My burger was HEAVENLY. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his as well. (And is still kickin'!) What a tremendously wonderful establishment. I can't wait to go back and try something new! Like...tonight......
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/20/2013,200,204,17,10,13>Please. Open. A. Window.I had to remove a fourth of a star for every moment I needed to step out onto the 60 degree sidewalk in order to keep from melting into a pool of used deodorant, but other than that?  This is a legit place to get your game on, no matter what you play.  Shooters?  Check.  Fighting games?  Check.  Totally old school games?  Check.  Puzzle Fighter?  PUZZLE FIGHTER?!?!?  Yes indeed.  By the way, this is an open challenge for all reading this to take me on in a game of Puzzle Fighter.  Because I own so hard in this game, you are allowed a 30 secondshead start to pile whatever futile blocks you can onto my side of the screen because I will clear them before you can say "Sakura defeats Morrigan"   But enough of that...$15 all you can play, all day.  That's a great deal if you consider what you have to pay at the big game emporiums, D & B's and Gameworks.  And if you want to take off and grab a bite, or get thirsty, this is America, so you're allowed re-entry provided you didn't pitch your receipt in a fit of rage because your wife kicked your ass in Street Fighter.  That didn't happen to me.  Seriously.  You have to believe me.  Ok, so that's only partly true.  Not true, I didn't throw my receipt.  True, my wife did kick my ass in Street Fighter X Tekken(only a couple of times).  I'm completely shocked that Ryu gave Hwoarang the business the way he did.The thing about this is, our video game history until this point consisted of Donkey Konga, Mario Kart, Mario Party, various Wii games, but I'd never sweated it out against her in a stand-up video game.  I half expected her to be a button masher, but she was pulling off some legit moves including a crazy 13 hit combo that I'm not even sure was legal.  So if you want to get to know your significant other better, take him or her here and see if you guys still like each other when you leave.  If you do, it's meant to be, if you hate his/hers guts after kicking each others pixelated asses, you should probably cut and run.  At least I know I can trust my wife to have my back when the zombie apocalypse happens.  I know so because we whooped "The House of the Dead"s ass, and it's all thanks to Galloping Ghost.  I can't wait to return on a much colder day, and I will only be wearing a T-shirt....  I mean, a T-shirt and something to cover my bottom of course, what kind of freak do you think I am?
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,2/19/2013,89,150,6,14,9>"Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future." -Ray Bradbury Seriously, have you visited the Elmhurst library lately? If you are long overdue for a trip to the library, prepare to be AMAZED.  A few library highlights:1) The librarians are friendly and are excited to help you research topics, find books and other sources of information.  They are also very computer savvy and can help you with your Kindle or other technology.2) They have a drive through book drop off and window where you can pick up materials without entering the library (must request drive through pick-up in advance).3) Self checkout and return kiosks!! Kids love returning books and watching the kiosk "eat" them.  Think Redbox return, but for books.4) FREE movie rentals!!!5) Summer reading program with prizes for children and adults.6) It just feels good...lots of sunshine, hardwood floors, high ceilings.  It's warm and welcoming just like the librarians.7) Coffee shop, study rooms, etc...8) If they don't have the book or movie, they will request it from another library and notify you by email once it has arrived!"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go."  Dr. Seuss
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,2/18/2013,414,227,10,13,12>SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!(Man, I really hate that expression. But I digress...)STOP THE CAR!(Okay, that's a *little* better, I guess. :)However you'd like to slice it, if you can get down with the donuts (doughnuts?), you need a south side adventure in your life. And soooooon.Admittedly, I'm not nuts about donuts (see what I did there?). Don't get me wrong: they are, in fact, delicious pillows of goodness. But that being said, I--yours truly with her insatiable sweet tooth to end all sweet teeth--never wake up in the night craving them or anything. And my husband, a loyal DD coffee drinker, never has to snag "just one" donut for wifey or anything of that nature. I just...don't feel the drive to love on them like so many other people do. But that being said, I still appreciate a good 'nut time and time again. Apparently, the time to enjoy said 'nut was, well, yesterday. And omfgoodness, did I EVER enjoy said pillow of perfection.We promised the kids donuts on Friday morning. Instead of making it easy on ourselves and going someplace fast and local, we decided to embark upon A Quest of Deliciousness. A quick search (thanks, Yelp friends!) led us to this little donut joint in Richton Park. As I was reading the reviews, I saw the words "red velvet donut" and my pulse began to quicken. Oh, yes...you did, in fact, read that correctly: red + velvet + donut. Two options: one frosted with a cream cheese icing. The other? Glazed.We went in and our hopes were semi-dashed....no red velvets to be found. But! Fear not! Red velvets were slated to be created a bit later in the day. We bought six chocolate (assorted) donuts for the kids and vowed to come back the very same day to get our dirty, grubby paws on red velvety goodness. (Btw? Six donuts with tax = $6.00 and they are generously sized donuts to boot. Oh, and PS--credit cards are accepted for orders over $5.00.)Later in the day, we returned to Daddy O's again and left with four red velvets to add to our six chocolates. We opted for two with cream cheese icing and two with just the glaze. Last night., we held a donut tasting party with the kids and yeah, it was basically EPIC. And I mean, like, EPIC epic. In short, we purchased eight varieties and every single tasting brought about moans of sugary pleasure. I'm not kidding when I say there wasn't a single dud in the bunch. I mean it...start to finish, these were the best donuts in the world. Possibly in the universe. And if you even semi-appreciate red velvet anything, you will basically want to marry the front door to the building just so you can have easy access any day of the week and twice on Sundays. Five stars all the way, but if I could add a sixth out of principle for the red velvet donuts, I most certainly would.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,2/17/2013,56,709,3,5,5>Like others have said, the outside doesn't look like much but the inside it so nice! Love the cozy atmosphere with the dim lights and the big open wooding burning oven in the middle. It's never super crowded but there was a groupon for this place recently so hopefully more people will find this great place.Our server the first time was really nice and the second time the woman who served us wasn't too friendly. But overall the service was pretty good.The food is always really delicious. I have have the risotto with sausage and the Mattone's roasted chicken is delicious. They also have some unique pizzas and traditional Italian fare.The big negative for us was only bottled beer. Boo.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,2/16/2013,175,170,5,4,5>I'm gonna give them 5 stars so they stick out when people are searching for places to eat in the area because these guys deserve a shot. The food was very good. I had a tuna melt on rye that was delicious. My sandwich also came with a chicken noodle soup that was actually stupendous. I was blown away by the flavor of the broth and overall taste of the soup. Great noodles! My wife had the meat lovers omelet which she thought was just meatastic. My son had the Mickey Mouse pancakes and I had a bite (to make sure it was safe to eat, of course) and they were surprisingly awesome! I'm not a huge pancake fan, but these were light and fluffy. Really tasty. Our server was wonderful and the portions and prices were very fair. I saw a few other patron's plates and the turkey club looked super duper amazeballs! I will highly recommend Scrambled Cafe. Don't be held back by the outside or even put off by the lack of decoration inside. I spoke with the owner and she informed me that its a work in progress and they opened prior to the entire interior being complete. Figured they'd work out some kinks. Go for it! Patronize a local business and not a chain for once in your life!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/15/2013,131,471,9,10,9>Wow, this is a really cool place.I was meeting someone here (HE had suggested F+H or Shiraz, but thanks to my Yelp fam, saw Bigby's was a much better choice and I made the call.)  Before he arrived I planted myself at the bar and sort of tried to figure out what I was supposed to do.  Thankfully the bartender (who I later learned is the owner) explained the Bigby's Way to me.  I chose their house rye for starters.  A few other patrons nearby also made some suggestions (very top of the shelf all the way to the right) which came in handy as the night progressed.  It was nice to be in a place where people are friendly and don't make you feel less for being a n00b.Later in the night, the owner came by again and illustrated the beer-rating system (beer bottles + marbles) to us.  Horray for interactive fun!  Now, I'm not a beer connoisseur by any means, so I only recognized maybe 2 beers.  Everything I tried was delish.  My companion and I probably had 8 beers between us.  He ordered some Belgium beer which ended up being $10 of our total tab of $48. The atmosphere is low-key and feels like your friend's house/basement bar (complete with ugly couches with ill-fitting/sliding slip-covers).  They had some live music (a guy playing the piano/singing).  The idea is good, but it was LOUD and made it really difficult to have a conversation without being 6" away from whomever you're talking with. I'm looking forward to going back, though!  Score!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,2/14/2013,273,603,10,12,10>Think 90210's Peach Pit and Mel's Diner. You'll be smacked over the head with nostalgia from the moment you walk in the door. It's like a blast from the past that I've only dreamed of, but never experienced. Until now. We have driven past Uncle Bill's Diner a bazillion times. And a couple weeks ago, we decided that we couldn't just keep driving past. So we pulled in the crowded parking lot and made our way inside. We went back again today, so I'll give you an overview rather than a total replay of one visit or the other. It's totally a diner. A long counter with stools loaded with locals eating breakfast. More tables and booths than I could have imagined squeezed in there. During our first visit, there was one booth available and we snagged it. This time, it wasn't quite as packed so we chose a booth. (The same spot as last time. We're creatures of habit.)Anyhow, the servers work together as a team. There is no rhyme or reason. No actual pattern of who does what because everyone does everything. They are a well oiled machine. Operating in sync at all times. Pouring coffee, refilling sodas, taking orders, clearing dishes. Here you're a Honey or a Sweetie. It works. Don't question these things. Until you're a regular and they're calling your name when you walk in the door, Honey or Sweetie it is. No joke...it's like Cheers - where everybody knows your name and they're they're always glad you came...  Both times, people walked in and someone said 'Hi Joe/Bob/Jim!' And this was echoed about four times throughout the joint. Awesome!  There IS an Uncle Bill. He's a very hard working guy. You'll know exactly who he is.  The booths aren't overly comfortable, but you won't linger. Get in. Order. Eat. And get out. They are busy. It's reasonably priced and nothing fancy. So far, we tried eggs over medium, hash browns, bacon, biscuits and gravy, skirt steak sandwich with fries, ham and cheese omelet and chocolate chip pancakes. Eggs were cooked perfectly. Hash browns and bacon standard but good. Biscuits and gravy were top notch!  Skirt steak sandwich was a mistake. There was nothing wrong with it, but this is really a breakfast joint so I wouldn't order it again. The omelet disappeared rapidly from my son's plate. I loved the chocolate chip pancakes!!!  Light and fluffy with a ton of flavor packed in. Yes please. They cook right in front of you so that's cool. I will be a regular here and some day, I won't be Sweetie anymore. I'll be good 'ol Jen!  I can hardly wait!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,2/13/2013,298,465,5,12,8>This is my vet of choice for our beloved, pain in the ass dog, Rex. =]They are an emergency center so they don't take appointments for visits (except for surgeries, etc.) which has it's good and bad qualities.  It means that if you are not an emergency, you tend to have to wait in your room for a little while for a vet to get there but it also means that if you get there and they are dead, you get right in, no appointment needed.  The place is super clean, open and airy.  It feels like a medical facility, not a vet, in my opinion, which I love.  It makes you feel like you want to take your pet there because they care enough about their work environment to keep it nice and clean.  The vets that have seen Rex have all been super friendly and knowledgeable and most giving examples of things they have gone through with their own pets.  That is always a plus because it makes you feel like they really care about your pet like they do their own. =]  They also offer a monthly payment plan that is around $25 a month and covers unlimited vet and emergency visits, leaving you just to pay for the preventative meds and any other little rarities that aren't included, which aren't many.  They also have boarding and grooming for your pets.  I have utilized the boarding myself and was very happy with it.  The price is right and Rex came home seemingly happy.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a place to take your pet.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,2/12/2013,65,114,4,8,4>Where can you get great service, a comfy atmosphere, and excellent Indian food?  Urban Tandoor of course!!!For a non-Indian food eater, this place made me want to come back for more!  I really hope this place sticks around because they deserve it.  The menus are easy to follow and understand and if you're having trouble deciding, just look around at all the other happy faces and know you can't go wrong with any dish.  The server will also happily make recommendations for you too.My love and I (blah...gross, I know) started off with Samosas which were excellent an filling.  We also ordered the Bread Basket which had every type of Indian bread.  We barely made a dent as they give you so much!For our entrees, you really can't go wrong.  This time around we had the Masala and Saag.  They'll ask you how spicy you want it which I appreciated.  Hot for me please! :)Don't debate over trying this place out.  Just go and you won't regret it!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,2/11/2013,12,100,6,6,5>One plus for moving from the more expensive area of Oak Park to a more affordable section of Lombard is the money we will save on rent (YAY....more $$$ to eat out, play, and chances to yelp!). The other (and possibly equal) bonus is being closer to this place. If true love existed between food and humans then Labriola is the catalyst. I love this place. All the food I have tried here is amazing. Salads= scrumptious, flavorful, freshSoups= warm, great ingredients, fills you upsandwiches (hot/cold)= great selections using the FRESHEST breadCoffee= they serve intelligentsia (my favorite)Cakes= Oh boy, I can't forget the cakes. I have only tried their heavenly vanilla with strawberry and whipped cream frosting and the canoli cake. Canoli cake, how did I never know of your existence until now? Sooo creamy, sooo rich, sooooooo goooooddd :)My only regret is having not tried more at this point! Most of the time I get the salad (either waldorf or orchard) particularly on these hot summer days. They are so good. I. just. can't. say. no. :) Things I can't wait to try are their Neapolitan pizzas, pasta dishes (ricotta gnocchi...YUM), and hot sandwiches. This review probably will require a follow-up. Oh and the bonuses, their staff is nice/helpful and their prices are super fair. I have definitely paid a lot more for food that was of equal (actually...probably lesser quality) and enjoyed less then this place. Besides, the atmosphere is casual and welcoming...what more could a up-and-coming foodie ask for?!?!?!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,2/10/2013,78,586,4,9,6>Including me, this place is now 5 for 5 on getting four star reviews. The place is on Elmhurst Road just north of Dundee where an Arby's used to be. Burritos, tacos, tortas and the like with a wide variety of meat options. The inside is pretty plain, but clean and well kept. This is a sit-down place with wait-service - they also have drive through service too. Took a couple minutes to get to me, but once she did, the server was polite, pleasant and prompt. Chips with salsa are provided, two additional sauces seemed to be somewhat non-descript. I ordered a pork burrito along with two tacos, one chicken, one steak. It was out pretty quickly and all of it was quite good. All of that along with a small diet coke was $11.99 - reasonable.I really hope this place does well - for the most part, it's everything you want to see in a new restaurant; good food, good service, pleasant staff.  I'll be back!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,2/9/2013,51,217,7,11,8>Fantastic.I came here expecting 8 Heads in a Duffel Bag Joe Pesci and got Casino De Niro.  I mean wow, just blown away.  You wouldn't think that this unassuming place (which despite their good effort still looks like a gas station) would have one of the best Italian subs this Yelper has had in quite some time.I had the underboss, and it did not disappoint.  The sandwich was as perfectly crafted as the Sistine Chapel with the perfect ratio of meat to cheese to toppings to oil to I'm salivating now just thinking about it.  There were a minimum of six other sandwiches that I NEED to try and a few others that caught my interest.  They have hot sandwiches too, not just the awesome deli ones.There are also some good looking sides/salads.  I had a broccoli pasta salad that was simple yet tasty.  But there were a couple others that looked just as good.  There were a couple cannolis there, but literally a couple.  Two wrapped together in plastic wrap.  I didn't get one, but if they have better packaging next time I'm there I won't be stopped.The only thing to note of this place is that you have to pull into the right side of the building when you pull into the parking lot.  You can't park in from and they don't have it blocked off.  Depending on the time of day it can be a pain to pull around to the other , Proper, side of the building as you can't pull through.  But that is a minor complaint once you get this food in your face.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,2/8/2013,160,353,4,11,6>This was our first visit to Lincoln's Whiskey Kitchen, although we've talked about trying it since it first opened.  We were greeted at the door and seated immediately.  The first thing you see if the bar -- an old style bar of polished wood and brass.  They don't call it the whiskey kitchen for nothing.  There must be over a hundred different kinds of whiskey, Rye, Scotch, Bourbon, etc.  The dining room is large and roomy, also with dark wooden tables and heavy chairs.  The lighting is dim.  That may be to hide the prices.  While it's not $$$$$, it's probably $$-$$$. There are standard choices of ribs, chicken, fish, steaks and salads.  I started with a single malt flight - three single malt scotches.  Each one was only about 3/4 of an ounce.  Then, I was boring and had a hamburger and fries.  The rest of the table ordered salads.I have to say the servers really work for tips.  They were extremely attentive and very pleasant.  Even if the food was not good, I would return for the service.  The food was quite good.  The hamburger was seasoned well and served with very fresh lettuce, tomato and onion. The salads looked very good, and they were enjoyed by the others with me.There was no room for desert.I was pleased with the restaurant.  Not only was the food good, I enjoyed the ambiance.  My only reservation was the prices were a little higher than I expected. I may check out their prices for lunches, which may be more reasonable.  But, for a special occasion, I would happily return.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/7/2013,341,162,8,8,8>So like, I totally shouldn't even be writing this review because, Tribes is just sooo mainstream now. A new location? Suriously? Can nothing underground be sacred? I mean, I guess it's cool because the Mokena spot was totes getting way too crowded. I couldn't even blog in peace. So, just like my pants, some things just need more room.Tribes #2! I was actually poop-myself excited to hear this was opening. With all the things I love about the Mokena location, you would think they could do no wrong hosting all the awesomeness at a bigger venue. Something just wasn't living up to the 5 stars though.It has all the parts. The awesome beer list, similar menu, comfortable atmosphere... this alone- automatic 4 stars.Normally when I go to Tribes, I have 3 or 4 beers sitting in queue excited to try. Here, it didn't seem like as though they had as unique of a selection. It took me a while to order and I ended up going with an old favorite. The staff definitely seemed uneducated and kind of unfriendly. Hopefully they can find some people soon who..smile.. or I can talk to about the beer. You ask a question harder than "what's on the menu?" expect a look of terror and/or a full minute of stuttering what they think is an answer. You end up just ordering it to put them out of their misery. There is a different clientele here too. People that don't appreciate how much of a gem this is in the south burbs. Still, not the typical "bro what do you mean there is no special on bud lite?" crowd. Somewhere in the middle. The food is still excellent and I crave their mac 'n cheese. A must try.I understand they are new and getting their bearings. Hopefully they get better in time. It is still a first choice for me when going out close to home.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/6/2013,157,219,6,8,8>I love that I live 5 minutes from this place. I love that they show a myriad of Christmas movies.I love that they have popcorn seasoning (free of charge).I love that they are a classic old theater, and haven't changed. I love the organ player.The Christmas tunes before the holiday movies.The cheap tickets.The cheap popcorn.The refillable popcorn and beverages. The BF and I came here the other night for Scrooged. The sing-along before the movie was great. But even better was the sing-along at the end of the movie. People were totally getting into it. We had a blast. If you've never been to the Tiv, make your way over there for a cheap movie in a high quality old school theater. CLASSIC. Beautiful. Awesome.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,2/5/2013,50,141,3,6,6>Okay, this place deserves a more extensive review. I've been here a few times, and every time I get the burnt ends sandwich. It's awesome: huge chunks of meat topped with their mustard sauce. I hate the word tender, but this stuff is tender. And the mustard is not very mustardy - it's thastes like thyme and is oh so very good. I've ordered the mac and cheese and the fries as my sides...my recommendation? Go with the fries. They're pretty solid and you get a ton of them. The mac and cheese is a little lackluster and a small portion.The thing that puts this place above and beyond is their customer service. The staff is like teens/early 20's and really nice, polite kids. Twice during dinner last night we were asked how our food was, in a very non-obtrusive and unawkward way. My boo's sandwich was a little dry and so one girl offered to bring out a new one. We're not really the "send food back" type of people, but we decided to take her up on her offer. Not only did she bring out a new, improved sandwich in a few minutes, but she also gave us a voucher for an additional sandwich for our next visit. Score! I think this small act made us lifelong fans. So sweet.Plus they serve beer.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/4/2013,255,326,8,11,9>I've been coming here for a while now, and the more often I eat here, the more I appreciate the staff. The owner knows my daughter and makes sure to say hello, as do several waitresses and one bus boy. They practically treat us like  family. I feel like this is an experience that becomes more and more rare as faceless chain restaurants with high employee turnover push out small, independent shops like Sugar Bowl.From the fresh-squeezed OJ to the overflowing breakfast burritos, everything I've tried here has been something I want to try again. Whether I roll in after a sleepless night in pursuit of a huge breakfast or bring my mother-in-law here for lunch, I know I'll be seated and eating something good fast. Potato pancakes, blueberry waffles, eggs florentine, a veggie skillet--they're all good!Don't forget to check the menu board up front for specials and seasonal treats, and come prepared to listen to cheesy music.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/3/2013,264,124,4,8,5>Wowzah! Incredible food! Excellent service, Nice, quaint atmosphere! We were seated right away, ordered the bruschetta, ravioli zucca, and pappardelle paradiso. The bruschetta was fresh and full of flavor. The ravioli zucca was superb! If you want something light with a hint of sweet flavor, this is the dish for you. It has butternut squash in ravioli, asiago sauce, and I think there were sun-dried tomatoes. I loved the mix of flavors. The pappardelle paradiso is this pasta with chicken, spinach, garlic, and goat cheese. I had a taste of it and it was pretty LEGIT. LEGIT as in YUM. Great dish if you have a taste for cheeeeese. Our waiter kept our glasses full, and he checked up on us frequently. The place was very comfortable. It reminded me of urban Little Italy. The decor made me feel like I was on a mini vacation lol. We had a window seat, and it was nice to see the little shops with people walking around in old-town Elgin. I would definitely go back. Five big stars :)
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/2/2013,213,305,5,12,7>A million stars for Tina's closet.Oh, I can't give a million? I guess five will do, then.Without divulging actual numbers, I am bustier than average, but not so busty that I can't walk out of a mainstream lingerie store with a few bras. I'm also not plus size. So when it was time to find a basic corset in my size for my wedding, I was pretty shocked by the lack of options at several local malls. Luckily, the lady at Macy's suggested I try Tina's Closet, and God bless her, because this place ROCKED.Both Tina and the woman helping me were so nice and helpful. After trying on several options (yay options!), I ended up with a beautiful (and supportive) ivory lace corset, matching panties, stockings, a Spanx-like foundation garment, and a strapless bra. Altogether, it added up to about $235, with the corset being the most expensive item. This is more than I typically spend on lingerie at one time, but holy hell, was it worth it. (And my husband enthusiastically agrees.)
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,2/1/2013,65,785,2,10,7>I'd go with about 4 stars here.  This place is clean and brand new at 2 months old, and the owner apparently owns both this place and the sports complex business it's housed in.  I would say the  burger and sides are pretty good values, with the specialty burgers in the $6 range, and the house salad and sweet potato fries ($2.99) generously sized.  We tried the Red Smoke (BBQ, cheddar and bacon) and Swisshroom.  Wife was not too impressed with the meat quality/freshness of her particular swisshroom, but I enjoyed my Red Smoke which also seemed a bit bigger.  The SPF were average and not as piping fresh.  They also have several bottled beers like Blue Moon and Heineken for $3.50 (I think).
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,1/31/2013,160,525,2,12,7>This place is awesome! I couldn't be happier that I can walk here (parking is tight at times). The service is the best. Everyone on staff is fast and friendly. The owner (I think) is always there walking around and being very helpful! We have never had to wait long. Go ahead and wait- it won't be that long.The food is always perfect. I've had crepes, waffles, skillets, sandwiches, soup- pretty much everything. Everything is always amazing! I can usually get 2 meals out of the lunch entrees as well. The coffee is great too. A few side notes- there is a counter area (especially great for singles)And the only real suggestion I could give the owner would be to put an additional hostess on Saturday and Sunday to stay put at the register. This could free up the other girls for seating, taking names and chasing down those people who you lose because they assume it's a really long wait! Overall it's a great addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/30/2013,68,249,12,8,8>Shut the front door!No, open it... MUG's is coming with our order.This place is no joke. They deliver. And when I say they deliver, I mean, THEY $%#@$% DELIVER!Not only do they have awesome pizza both THIN AND FRIGGIN STUFFED pies, spectacular BBQ ribs, crispity-crunchety fried chicken, mountains of sauce-dripping rib tips, oceans of steaming buttery garlic rolls, and galaxies of other great shit...BUT THEY REALLY DO DELIVER... a five mile radius... and they are open from 3pm to 3am... Dude... really. They have drivers standing by.We had the pizza- thin- great.We had the pizza- stuffed... GREAT.We had the rib tips and broke our back's carrying that stuff from the door to the table... like 200 pounds of tips or so.We had the chicken and ribs. The chicken has the lightest batter seasoned perfectly while the skin is crunchy and crispy. The meat falls off the bones. So tender and juicy and well flavored.The ribs were succulent and savory. The smoke from the BBQ choked my tastebuds and smacked them in the face to say, WAKE THE FCUK UP! They fell off the bones, too. No knife or fork needed... unless your last name is To.I had each of those for leftovers on their respective following days with equal tastiness and quality.I will stand on my rooftop and sing the MUG's jingle... if there is one.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,1/29/2013,58,186,5,9,7>I came here ready for the all you can eat like I've done in the past.  I was all geared up and ready to consume large amounts of protein!Unfortunately upon entering, I learned that this is no longer an option.  The hostess explained that they swapped it out in exchanged for larger portions of single choices of meats and better quality.  I was a bit skeptical however dinner still turned out just fine... well good actually. I admit that the quality of the Kalbi, short ribs and wine marinated pork belly was a bit better.  The seasoned / marinated meats had a lot of flavor and overall I loved the other dishes we ordered too.  My wife and I loved the Kim Chi Bulgogi Bibimbop and spicy seafood soup.  Still loved the side dishes and our service was great.  They even gave us another order of Kalbi on the house!  BTW.  The beef short rib was really thick and super meaty.  It helps that you're a good griller and don't over-cook your meat... which we didn't.  =oPIf you're in the Schaumburg / Woodfield area, this is a pretty good place if you're in the mood...
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,1/28/2013,16,40,9,10,8>Best sushi in the suburbs!I've been a regular at Sushi Ya for almost a year now, and I can honestly say that it is my favorite sushi restaurant. The ingredients are incredibly fresh. In fact, the ingredients here are so fresh that it has ruined other sushi restaurants for me! The quality of the tuna and salmon is unbelievable, and the fish at other restaurants pales in comparison both literally and figuratively.My usual order consists of the sashimi appetizer, fire crunch maki, spicy tuna maki, dynamite maki, green dragon maki, and one "experimental" roll. The sashimi appetizer is simply outstanding and truly show cases the quality of Sushi Ya's ingredients. The app itself comes with four slices of tuna, salmon, yellow tail, and white tuna. Although simple, the flavor of the fish with a little bit of soy and wasabi is, in my opinion, the perfect bite: clean, spicy, and savory.Even though the sashimi here is outstanding, I have always judged sushi restaurants by their spicy tuna roll, and Sushi Ya does it better than anyone else. The roll comes with six pieces for around $4.00; a steal for quality sushi. The roll is packed with spicy tuna that is actually spicy, and I often "fight" with my girlfriend to get an extra piece ("Hey! That's only my second piece!" "No! That's your third; the last ones mine!). My only forced complaint is the wait. The place can be really busy (especially on weekends), and they do not take reservations for two people. On my birthday this year, I waited about 35 minutes for a table; however, the food here is great and worth waiting for.I look forward to returning soon. You MUST experience this place for yourself. Its a true suburban gem.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/27/2013,38,72,2,11,6>Tried this place on a whim late on a Friday night. Sitting down at the table, I couldn't help but smile when I saw the loteria cards under the glass covering. Brought back memories of winning the big bucks as a kid playing with the family on Sundays.Unlike a lot of other restaurants who overdo the menu with a dizzying amount of options, I liked that this place kept is simple. We fell in love with the choriqueso to the point that we were looking for other things to dip in the cheese long after the tortillas were gone. Sadly, we went a little too hard on the appetizers to be able to finish our plates; they were nothing less than spectacular. The cook, a little concerned, came out to talk to us and make sure that we enjoyed our food. He apologized for not being able to make our tortillas by hand because we were close to closing time. We didn't mind one bit but appreciated the gesture.It really was a very warm, welcoming place and as other reviewers have noted and it absolutely did feel like home.We rang the bell and walked out to a collective cheer from the cooks in back (a little something the server mentioned - to let them know we had a good time).
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/26/2013,172,128,6,5,6>I'm so glad I finally suggested this place to meet up with one of my girl friends. This place is AWESOME!I thought it might be busy on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, but we ended up being the only ones having a drink inside Zest. The bar tender was extremely attentive and kept making sure our water was full. If you're up for a martini TRY THE LEMON TREE MARTINI! It's pretty darn good, although the dark and stormy was a great runner up (and deliciously strong).I was so impressed with the amount craft beer that they offered! I literally stood at the beer wall for over 10 mins trying to figure out what I wanted to take with me to a party that night. Needless to say, I will be back here to pick up some more beer since they have quite a few I've never even heard of. FYI if you're a craft beer fan like me Tues night they have 1/2 priced drafts and dinner paired with a craft beer. You can't go wrong :)The only downfall is that it is slightly expensive, but 1) it's a local place and you need to support your local mom & pop shop's and 2) the quality is worth the price!Bottom Line: JUST GO HERE ALREADY! Don't wait like I did!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,1/25/2013,31,104,5,18,8>I've been avoiding reviewing this place even though I've been steadily coming here for 4-5 years now. It's easy to review a great restaurant that has a few small errors or food that is so so. 4 star and below places are easy to do but this place is hard to find fault with so I begrudgingly give it a perfect 5.Santouka is what it is: A real Japanese Ramen shop. That's the only thing they do and they do it extremely well. That means this is your go to spot for a bowl of hot steaming noodles and soup topped with slabs of meat and veges and seasonings. But a bowl of Ramen can be very complicated. To Begin you have 4 choices of Soup which I think is the soul of the dish. (Salt) Tonkotsu: Not actually just salt, it is a thick, rich broth made from boiling soup bones and marrow for hours and hours until the calcium and marrow leeches from the bones. Absolutely amazing. I think this broth serves as a base for the other soups too. UMAMI in a bowl. (Shio) Soy: A little darker in color, also delicious but lacks the umami kick that the (salt) broth has. Still delicious. If you like soy this is your soup. Miso: A little salty but still tasted great. Spicy Miso: Medium heat, it burns but only in the back of your throat for a little bit. Also very very tasty. The noodles are not too thick or thin and are perfectly suited for the soups. After soup comes your meat choices:The Standard: 2 pieces of porkThe Chashu: 3-4 pieces of barbecued pork belly.The Toroniku: Pieces of pork cheek. (For those of you going ewww pig cheek, you don't know what your missing. Its tender and juicy and flavorful like pork belly with none of the fat.)You can get the meat on the side but prefer it on top of the ramen being warmed by the broth. Standard toppings for every bowl includes: Bamboo shoots (kind of crunchy) -Plant from the landSeaweed -  Plant from the seaPork - Animal from the landA slice of naruto (Fish cake) - Animal from the sea. A well rounded very traditional dish.Yeah they do have little side dishes like small bowls of rice topped with meat, soy eggs, and natto (ultra nasty stink beans in slime) but I usually ignore them. Overall, I cannot find fault with this place. It does what its suppose to do extremely well. Prices range from 9-15 bucks per meal. If you want a proper bowl of Ramen this is your place. If you've never had real japanese ramen, come here and realize how pathetic those dried noodles in a cup really are.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,1/24/2013,89,117,10,10,9>Oh my.The response we got from friend and fellow Yelper, Victoria H. when we checked into Zenwich was "Its about time!" and it truly was. We did try to visit here earlier this year but we just missed it by about 15 minutes so we were bummed. However the stars aligned and we found ourselves with a premium opportunity to experience Zenwich, so we pounced on it and were completely satisfied. As recommended by Victoria H, my Mother, and my Aunt, we were sure to try the crab cake sandwich and ordered a Mu Ping sanwich to get a little variety into our lives. Both were incredible; I may move to Elmhurst purely to eat these sandwiches. We also opted to sample their homemade spiced chips which were delicate and delicious: a winning combination. Everyone was very friendly, and had great suggestions for newbies. With so much to choose from it was nice to not be intimidated by the staff which can happen in smaller restaurants. Essentially, this place is awesome, and I would certainly give them a 6th or 7th star if they delivered to Arlington Heights, but for now I'll give them their well deserved 5 and deliver myself to Zenwich to get my fix.Thanks Vicky!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,1/23/2013,104,448,7,8,8>What do I like better than history books?  Food!Both were here in one delicious and educational package.  We had lunch first and were happy to be able to sit right down when we arrived around one o'clock.  We had to choose between breakfast food and lunch food and I went for lunch, great soup and sandwich plus pie.  It was good for me and great tasting.  We left the intimate restaurant and wandered through all the rooms of the bookstore.  They had a book on Generals which caught my eye.  You read references to them but usually they are not the main topic of the book.  Sold!Well fed and well read, that's me.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,1/22/2013,107,399,5,10,9>It is not easy to impress me with baked goods. Anyone who follows my picture posts has probably figured out by now that I will make weekend trips to try sweets from everywhere around Chicago such as Lana's, Vanille, Ambrosia, Chiu Quon, Specialty's, and other bakeries. Ironically, although the name of this restaurant isSugar Fixé Patisserie, the reason this restaurant stands out to me is because of how tasteful it is in the use of the sugar (as in not excessively sweet).I tried 4 items. The pumpkin latte was rich with a nice foamy layer on top. It had a strong hint of pumpkin flavor and was very smooth with only a hint of bitterness.The chocolate croissant was both flaky and crisp with very nice chocolate in the middle. The fluffiness was very pleasant although I wish they'd used more butter.The blueberry almondine tart was spectacular. Crunchy bottom, just the right mix of almonds flakes to blueberry. It sounds simple, but once you've tried this item you'll know it's anything but simpleThe tropical entremet... is an item I really can't put into words. Tasty, creamy, fluffy, light... perfect? This is something you have to try if you come here.My only regret now is that I didn't grab more items on my trip here. Although it's expensive, it is well worth it.Update: I went again the following week, just as impressed as the first time.The pumpkin pound cake was quite a treat with a crispy top and moist bottom. A perfect pairing with a strong coffee and not overly sweet.The cream puff was amazing. Instead of putting cream, they put in custard like what you find in creme brulee, which was packed with flavor and had an excellent texture. This item alone like the tropical entremet is worth a whole visit.The passion fruit tart was probably even better than the blueberry almondine one. It contained a delicious almost puddling-like layer of passion fruit topped with fresh strawberries and as usual, a crunchy tart layer.Both the chocolate raspberry hazelnut and chocolate hazelnut entremets were delicious as well. Although it sounds like these should be two identical items with an extra layer of raspberry for one of them, they were actually two entirely different experiences (both good). The raspberry one contained a crisp layer of hazelnut at the bottom and just enough fruit flavor to match perfectly with the chocolate. The pure chocolate one was a chocolate lover's dream with complex rich flavors of chocolate at every layer and no other elements to distract from this experience.As I'm writing this, I feel like running out yet again to grab more delicious sweets.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/21/2013,7,37,1,12,3>I have been a regular at their other restaurant, The Turf Room, in North Aurora so I have experience with this restaurant concept.  I stopped in last Thursday night and checked it out - great decor of course, but to be expected after the Turf Room.  Staff was very friendly - only criticism is I ordered a beer and typically in a nice place you get a glass with the beer, I did have to ask for mine, no harm, just new bartenders I'm guessing not used to working in some place better than a Chilis.Menu is close to nearly identical to the Turf Room menu, some variations, but plenty of price points and dishes to choose from.  I was in the mood for a pizza so I ordered the Jerk - I loved it, one of the better pizza variations I've had from them.  I know the head chef is going to be great as I know she was doing great things at the Turf Room, she cooked one of the best lunches I've had in my life last winter.This place can get expensive if you like great food and booze but it is worth, if you don't think so now watch in 6-12 months once the word is out and they have refined the staff and menu, this place will be jammed on nights and weekends.  The owners know what they are doing.  I wish I had the cash to eat their more but for now it is a treat for once in a while.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,1/19/2013,16,62,5,6,6>Ok, I'm upgrading Tony's for a couple of reasons:One- it is now 24 hours!!!  This is awesome as this is the only 24 hour diner close to my house.  Two- Stuffed French Toast.  Yes- Stuffed!!!  The best way I can describe it is this- cheesecake wrapped in French Toast and cooked to perfection.  I topped mine w/ cinnamon apples and the server put whipped cream on it since I told her it was my dessert.  This was at 11:00p.m.  It was three large pieces and I (who is not skinny) got through two of them.  Our server was awesome.  She was funny and caring, which can be rare especially on the overnight shift.  Love Tony's and will go back as often as I can.  It makes a great place for the wife and I to escape for coffee and other delicious food.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,1/18/2013,78,284,7,13,11>Who knew a dive bar could have such a selection of craft beer. I'm lucky I even found this place. If you don't know where Lunar is, you better have a good pair of glasses or have been blessed with amazing vision, because the sign is old as heck and faded completely. You probably won't see it at night.Anyway, I came here on a Tuesday night so the place was basically dead, but that's okay. Sometimes you just need a good beer, no matter what the night. Lunar brews their own beer, and possibly grow their own hops based on the tall vine outside of the building, but I could be wrong (would be totally awesome though). I had their Summer Solstice which is described as "refreshing" but it was way too bitter and citrus-y for me. I traded with my boyfriend and had the Apollo American Red Ale he ordered which wasn't too bad. They do offer growlers of their beer, but I don't think I like it enough to get some.However, they do have some other great beers on tap. Unfortunately, they were out of Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA, so instead I had Bell's Two-Hearted Ale. De-lish-ious! They have about five of their own beers on tap along with 12 "guest beers", ranging from IPAs to stouts. They also have a huge list of bottled and canned craft beers, featuring brewers such as Three Floyds (awesome), Laguintas (I hear they're opening a brewery in Illinois soon. Sweet!), and Ska, which is from Colorado and is a beer I've never seen in Illinois until now.The people that were there seem pretty chill. They're all locals, but they seem to come here for the craft brews. Their convos were about different beers they've had, what's good and what's not, etc. Throw in a few bits about the baseball game and these seem like my kind of people!I'd like to come here during the weekend to see what it's like but this is definitely a place I'd come back to. It's like a Binny's in a bar. Oh and if craft beer isn't your thing, they have the regular domestics and a full bar. Lunar, you surprised me. Wasn't expecting to find you in Villa Park but I'm glad I did.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,1/17/2013,60,239,8,13,12>My lovely wife discovered this Itasca secret.  I'm going to share it with you so that you can look for their beers in a local pub or restaurant.We dashed in the Friday night before the long holiday weekend in hopes of grabbing a growler to bring as a hostess gift.  First off, this place is REALLY hard to find.  It's at the end of a long industrial street.  You'll find the building right before the dead end but where is "Unit C"?  Take a turn down the alley, park and walk to the back of the building.  Once inside, you'll notice that this is an industrial warehouse.  Nope, no fancy tap room.  Just a few tables, a small bar with 4 tap handles and some of the nicest people you will meet.  We didn't have time to take the brief tour but we did sample all four of their beers.  We both loved them!  We started with the German lager which was easily my favorite, brewed with imported hops.  It reminded me of the great lagers from the northern parts of Germany.  Next came the continental lager which was very good.  The third selection was their West Coast IPA.  If you are a "hop monster", this IPA won't satisfy you but I found it well balanced and a nice change from all of the over-hopped IPA's out there.  The final selection was the Scottish Ale.  This is one of the best renditions of this style that I have had.  I just love the malty goodness that is typical of a Scottish Ale and Church Street nails this one!The brewery is currently only open to the public on Friday from 4:00 to 7:00.  You can find their beers at a number of restaurants & taverns in the area.  Be sure to check out their website to see the latest establishments that have picked them up.IF you go visit the brewery , remember it's in a warehouse - nothing fancy but you can sip a pint or two and talk beer with the owners.Oh, by the way, that "one" growler turned into three that we enjoyed with family and friends.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,1/16/2013,58,179,13,16,18>The start of football season means watching endless hours of football and scheduling activities around Bears' games.  Come December I am tired of this routine; however, during pre-season I am optimistic and cheerful about the upcoming year.  This is why Bears' Training Camp is perfect for me.  I can still dream about winning the Super Bowl and for a very small investment we can see the players up close and in person.  The entire event is free.  Free parking, free entry and free autographs.   You won't be able to catch Urlacher and Peppers as they ride in on their golf carts, but plenty of players do stop for the kids.   We like to make a day of it and bring our chairs, blankets, snacks and beverages.  It is the Ravinia of football.  There really isn't a bad view and you can get pretty close to the action.  According to my husband, this is fabulous because you can hear all of the players and coaches yelling as well as their bones crunching.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,1/15/2013,101,611,9,11,11>You know that feeling you get when you see a business on Yelp and already know that you're going to love everything about it? That's the love affair that I had with DMK as soon as I saw a few reviews for it. I knew that it was going to live up to the hype and I was counting down the days until I actually made it there.I got to DMK about 30 minutes before the colleagues I was meeting, so I just hung out at the bar and watched Beethoven's Christmas. There's something oddly exhilarating about drinking a beer while watching a children's movie. Not sure why, but it was pretty cool. The bartender was so nice and kept talking to me while she poured beers for the other guys at the bar. She was probably one of the hottest girls I've ever seen in my life, so I couldn't help but stare at her and throw mental daggers at her for having such a great personality AND being so damn hot--come on now, you're only supposed to get one or the other. They had lots of different types of beer on draft and in bottles. I had the Original Sin Hard Cider which was very tasty.When my peeps got there, we got a table right away. The place was pretty hopping and got packed really quick. At one point, there was 10 or so people just standing around waiting for a table. I guess the DMK secret is out. I ordered the #6 burger with chorizo and cilantro minus the guac and add a fried egg. I'm a pretty big fan of having an egg on top of a burger, it's kinda my "thing" so I love that for a $1 more you can add an egg to any of their burgers. Also, it says on the menu that you can change or edit any of their burgers to have it the way you want it. Awesesomesauce.The greatest part of the whole experience though was their french fries. The Wisconsin Cheese fries were fabulous. We got one order of those and one order of the sea salt and pepper fries for the table. The Wisconsin ones were consumed in a few minutes flat. We had to order another plate. Everyone at the table agreed that they should be called DMK Fry Bar because the fries were the blue ribbon winner.Only reason that DMK didn't get 5 stars from me was the service was a bit slow. Our waitress was busy I know but we had to wait for a long time for refills and for our check. It's LUNCH TIME--which means people have to go back to work, so staff accordingly please.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,1/14/2013,98,221,9,14,9>It feels like sacrilege to even say this, but my favorite dish at Hog Wild is the portabella mushroom sandwich.  Yes, my favorite meal at a BBQ is a vegetarian dish!   I've had their pulled pork, brisket, and pulled chicken before, but at the end of the day, the mushrooms just win.  I don't know what they do to those little fungi to make them so delicious, but whatever it is, it keeps me coming back.  Also, it's always a toss up between the fries (crinkle cut!)  and the oven browns.  Both are delicious.It can get kind of chaotic on the weekends, but the food always comes quickly, and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes to be seated.I kind of hate the decor in this place, but I'm just not a fan of the whole "cabin in the woods" look unless I'm actually at a cabin in the woods.  Except the giant fish tank, that's pretty bad ass.One thing to know before you go, they're cash only.  They have an ATM there, but save yourself the atrocious ATM fees and just come prepared with cash.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,1/13/2013,61,173,3,6,7>I eat a lot of Indo-Chinese food, and with this type of restaurant on the rise both in choice and popularity Taste really delivered on a few different levels. First despite how it looks on the outside, its big and modern inside. Clean with new furniture and simple but contemporary decor. The menu looked similar to other places I've eaten at and written about, but they were executed very differently. The baby corn was stir fried with onions, sauce and spicy with a kick. The chili paneer was awesome! Thin slices of Paneer with a crispy breading cooked with peppers and onions. Even the simple stuff like the Mango Lassi which many places make either too sweet or too sour was done perfectly here. The burnt garlic fried rice was unique and worth trying if you want a spicy surprise. Mix it with a gravy based entree like dumplings or manchurian. And for dessert, we had a pistachio kulfi which was pretty basic but good to polish off a spicy dinner with. I will be coming back to try some of the other entrees and suggest this place. Look for the red "TASTE" sign from belmont and 63rd.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,1/12/2013,288,400,4,8,5>What is crossfit?"Crossfit describes its strength and conditioning program as "constantly varied, high intensity, functional movement," with the stated goal of improving fitness (and therefore general physical preparedness), which it defines as "work capacity across broad time and modal domains"[5] Workouts are typically short--20 minutes or less--and intense, demanding all-out physical exertion." - WikipediaSounds intense doesn't it? Well, it is but the trainers here explains every workout step by step and have you do a few test rounds until you're comfortable. They also show you correct forms and let you know what you're doing wrong so you can fix it. Only a week and a half in and I can feel/see the muscles forming on my arms.  The WOD (Workout of the Day) is the fun part, okay maybe not so fun, but you feel so accomplish after completing it. An example of WOD: 3 Rounds for time of:30 Wall balls, 20#/14#20 KB swings, 75#/55#5 Ring HSPU (sub deficit HSPU - sub regular HSPU - sub 3 total wall climbs)15 minute cap. What's KB? What's HSPU? These are terms you'll learn along the way, KB = kettle bell and HSPU = handstand push-ups. Everyday it's a different WOD to create the muscle confusion that helps you burn fat and gain muscles faster. There's always modifications if something is too hard. The classes are limited to 14 people not sure if it's due to the facility size or to make it easy for the trainer to watch everyone and to correct any forms needed. But its more intimate that way, you get to know the people in your class and motivate each other. Jason, the owner/one of the trainer, is a great guy. He's always around and more than willing to assist you with anything and sometimes yell at you, and there is the occasional compliments too. An awesome crossfit facility and I'm lucky to try it out for a month with a Living Social Deal. I can't wait to see my results at the end of the month!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/11/2013,107,169,5,11,6>Wow, my first ever trip to Geneva, and I happened to eat at this gem!  Incredible food served in a totally fun atmosphere.  Lively bar scene, crazy good cocktails... sounds like the perfect Saturday night!Now, I've never been to Geneva so I can't compare this to the sister restaurant next door.  That being said, this place has amazing food.  It doesn't need to be compared to anything else based on their own creativity, service, and execution.  Make sure if you've never been to note that the place looks like nothing from the outside.  In fact, the only way I knew it was there was because my date told me to look for the line at the place next door!  Once found I've got a mental bookmark because I'll definitely be back.  I guess you could always use Google Maps, but I like flying blind :)Now, the bar can be summed up in one word: fantastic.  Super nice bartenders that serve up some wicked good cocktails.  I had no idea what some of the drinks were so the bartender explained each one to me.  I ended up starting with a glass of California Pinot Noir while waiting for my date.  It was awesome, definitely someone who knows what they're doing stocked this bar.  When my date showed we switched to cocktails.  I can't remember for the life of me which ones we had (we went adventurous) but they were both phenomenal (and strong).Foodwise, we did all small plates.  Guacamole, trout tostadas, chile relleno, sopes, and tacos.  Every dish was wonderful.  If I had to pick a top 2 to recommend I'd suggest the Guacamole and the trout tostadas.  I've never had so much flavor in my mouth at one time!  Their guac is perfect here... someone else said theirs was too salty.  Ours was perfect- nice cubes of avocado and spiced perfectly.  I think of myself as a connoisseur of all things avocado, and this was one of the best I've ever tried.  Seriously.  Of the 5 dishes we tried, I'd order every one of them again but those two definitely stood out.So for all this glowing prose you're wondering why this isn't 5 stars?  The only downside to small plates is the timing at which they come out.  We sat at the bar and the bartender suggested ordering all the dishes at once and they'd be paced.    They were paced... for someone inhaling the food.  We had the cold plates first, and by the time we started on the relleno, it was COLD.  Huge bummer as that's probably my favorite Mexican dish behind guacamole.  We had already cut into it so I didn't want to send it back to reheat.  Just a word to the kitchen expediter- please slow it down a tad. Overall though this place is a real find!  I want to come back and try their other place next door.  I'd be more than happy to eat here again if the line at the other place is too long.  Regardless, I'd definitely recommend this total gem!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/10/2013,116,29,3,20,7>What a bargain!!!!!!Went here last night with my husband, his buddies, and a gal pal of mine.  It was a late Bday get together for my main squeeze.The other wives couldn't make it and seeing as how 2 of them are vegetarians, I thought what better to offer the husbands than an all you can eat meat option!!!  They were thrilled to say the least and none of them had ever been to a brazilian steakhouse prior to thisWe made a reservation as they are allowed for parties of 5 or more (we were 7).  Table was all set and waiting for our 7 PM 7 person reservation so that was awesome not to wait.Place was pretty busy which I anticipated it would be.  Layout is nice.  Not overpacked with tables like some of the steakhouses are.  No one was bumping into our chairs at all and we were right in the middle of the restaurant.  I'm 8 months pregnant so mama needs her space!The waiter took drink orders quickly.  The Sangria looked amazing but sadly I still have some time til I can have a cocktail.  Soon enough!  He gave the whole speech about how it works and then we were off!!!!The Salad BarYes it's smaller than your average more expensive BSH but how many times have you gone to one of these places and overate at the salad bars and end up not eating as much meat & sides as you thought!  I know I've done that a bunch of times.  There were both hot and cold options at the salad bar so lots to choose from.  Now the average BSH I would say has more than enough vegetarian options at their salad bar to satisfy them.  I would not necessarily say that for this place although I could of easily made a meal out of it.  All depends on your vego eater.  If they would be good with salads, cheeses, hot/cold  veggies, and no big main dish offer (although there was white rice with some options to top it) then it's fine.  If they are more your I NEED A MEAL vego's, then preview the pics or stop in and look first.The SidesI LOVE HOT CINNAMON BANANAS!!!!!  Love.  One of the things I look forward to at any BSH.  They were bananas.  NOT plantains like some places but that's ok with me.  They were still divine!  The potatoes were fine I think.  I would not make the "instant" call like some have said.  We ate enough of them to refill a couple times so no one was complaining.  The MeatMeat glorious meat!  Now I didn't indulge as I normally would of as my 8 month pregger status has left me with limited abilities to gorge but I did try everything.  My fav... the flank.  It was tasty and tender and what a BSH is all about.  2nd fav... the garlic steak.  Great flavor.  Little fat.  Nom nom nom.....  Everything else was about the same for me.  The filet, chicken and something else came wrapped in bacon which is common.  Like most other places, the bacon just never seems to be cooked enough so you end up taking it off and eating the meat by it self which of course is moist cause IT WAS WRAPPED IN BACON!!!!!  I liked the flavor of the sausage BUT I ended up getting a GINORMOUS piece of gristle that I had to spit out so that kind of turned me off from eating more.  But I did like the taste!  It happens sometimes.  Not a big deal.  The grilled pineapple was AWESOME!  I only had one slice but wish I would of had more.  It is great to break up the meal a bit along with the bananas and allows for you to keep going and not falling into the meat coma that usually happens if you don't take a break or break up the meat with something sweeter.Speaking of sweets.......The DessertOnly my husband and I ordered dessert and along with it they brought some vanilla icecream with a lit candle in it were we all sang very loudly and annoying cause it was a fun atmosphere that allowed for it.  We ordered the creme brulee which was VERY GOOD.  Loved the specks of vanilla bean.  It had great flavor and texture and I'd definitely order it again.Overall, I'd go here again in a heartbeat and not think twice about missing out on the other MORE EXPENSIVE BSH options.  I got everything out of it I wanted and at half the price.  $24.99 is just right for what they have and we will for sure go there again.  Great place for groups too.  There were a few kids there which I thought was odd but I guess there are kids out there that love meat as much as some adults.  Perhaps there was a kid meal option?  I know I saw kid pricing.  Just not sure they have any other menu options.  Very pleased with the whole experience and can't wait to bring people there!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,1/9/2013,826,1108,10,11,10>All you can eat sushi for $20 person includes regular rolls, appetizers, and a chef's list of special rolls.  I got a coupon in the mail for $5 off another local sushi place.  But I thought, "tonight I'd really like AYCE sushi instead."  So we headed to Sakura of Tokyo.As soon as we walked in, it felt warm and friendly.  A white, glistening Christmas tree was positioned near the entrance, and a man (presumably the owner?) greeted us with his arms wide open.  "Hellooo!" he said, "I will clean a table, just one minute please," and that's really about how short our wait was.  A minute, maybe.  It was quite busy also.It is clean, and it is not too dark in here.  The lighting is a little dim, but still bright enough that you can read your menu without any eyestrain.  The walls are a peach/light amber color, with bamboo accents on the walls.  This is not at all dirty or dusty like others have commented on.We eagerly filled out our AYCE form:  gyoza, crab puffs, tempura calimari, and an assortment of rolls.  The gyoza was good.  The outside was crispy, I think it was deep fried.  Although it wasn't typical gyoza, I really like it this way.  The crab puffs were a fried food, cream cheese lover's dream!  I don't want to be honest about how many orders we had of these.  But I ate almost every single one.  Don't get the tempura calimari, it is absolutely awful.  It was very chewy.  We ate all of it though, because if you don't you will be charged for food you did not eat.The shrimp tempura crunchy roll was good.  Not too much rice, and a nice crunch on the outside.  We also ordered the rainbow roll, better than many I've had, although some pieces fell apart.  The jalapeno spicy tuna roll is the best spicy tuna roll I've had.  It's like I finally met the "spicy" in "spicy tuna."  The spicy California is just okay, the spicy just comes from a sauce they put on top of the roll.I'm 50/50 on how I feel about the Dynamite roll.  A red chili pepper on the menu denoted it's spiciness, but it did not list "chunks of jalapeno" in the description.  It is a deep fried roll, and even though I usually don't like deep fried rolls, this one was very good.  Except for the jalapeno.  The first piece I had, there was a chunk of jalapeno and it burned the side of my tongue and I started coughing like a dragon smoked some Marlboros.  I picked at the next few pieces, removed the jalapeno hunks, and found a delicious deep fried roll beneath that horror.Our server was very nice, but another girl who delivered the plates to the tables dropped our sushi and left before she identified the rolls for us.  She could use some polishing, but the girl who waited on us for the majority of the time was on the ball.  They thanked us on the way out, and we'll definitely be back for all you can eat sushi.  I would not go back for a la carte though.  There are still better sushi places closer to my backyard for that.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,1/8/2013,216,123,13,19,16>A serious slice of the barrio. The first time I came here it was a late, weekend evening...loud as hell and packed.  It was a sea of cowboy hats and a parade of trucks zipping in and out of the lot. I was up for some noisy fun so it was a perfect fit.  Fast forward to the scene in Animal House where they shout,  "Wait til Otis sees us!"  Bellied up to the bar by some hardcore  dudes who were grim and kvlt.  Staff was attentive. Margaritas were tasty. I highly recommend upgrading the tequila to Patron.I've hit this place up time and time again ...and the appeal for me is that everything and everyone here feels....sincere. This isn't some chain where they'll forget your name a few days from now.  It's essentially being transported to this community within a community. The meals I've enjoyed here remind me of what my Latino friends have served me in their own homes; Food made with care that just made me feel all fuzzy inside and stuff. Meat is lean, yet tender and flavorful. The onions in their grilled dishes are ever-so-slightly caramelized ....leaving them a tad sweet.  Rice is moist and compliments the proteins nicely. Burritos are KILLA...each one hand-rolled by Godzilla. True story, Bro.  As Sarah H. has pointed out, they will go to great lengths to personalize anything on the menu to your liking. Nothing I've had yet has been fiery in the way of sauces.  Their fresh-squeezed lemonade and killer Jamaica are favorites. A heads up: The guac here is made fresh, but it does run on the supa tart side, so when you order, you can request little "no limon".  Do yourself a favor and order "Mama's Specialty" with added grilled jalapenos; it's Heaven on a platter.*swoon*The ladies here are absolute dolls. So friendly and while attentive, they don't hover. I've noticed some of the staff here is not especially familiar with the English language and that is most likely because a majority of their customers speak Spanish. I gather this because I went specifically for Karaoke (which rocked) and it was entirely in Spanish that evening. Felt like a wedding guest with people dancing to lively tunes, women exchanging big hugs (others, hard glances..mmhmm) and tables engrossed in enthusiastic conversation with shouts to friends seated clear cross the room.  If you're looking to linger while conversing over some quality food and that frozen concoction that keeps callin' Jimmy Buffett home, then swing by in the early evening. That seems like their down time when the place is nearly empty; When I want a slow-paced, quiet meal, that's the perfect time. The prices are great and I like that you can mix things up a la carte. It's really about finding what hours there work with your mood. I will never get how La Fiesta packs them in when there are treasures like this. Be sure to grab a menu on your way out. I plan on working my way through it..in its entirety... in 2013: Let's do this! Note: IF YOU ARE IN A RUSH this will NOT suit your needs. You can phone in ahead for pick-up though and free local delivery is available. They have a stone patio that is open during the warmer months.I heart you, La Finka!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,1/7/2013,38,217,4,9,6>I've been following Toasty Cheese on facebook, trying to find a location & time I could catch up with them.  Finally found one.  however, i had already eaten the lunch I'd packed for work, so I decided to try the Hanna Banana for dessert.  Its a banana, marshmallow fluff, & nutella sandwich, deep fried.  Wholy guacamole.  They could serve nothing but the hanna banana, and would be successful.I can't wait to find them again to try a different sandwich.They serve Caribou coffee, which is one of my favorites.Ask for napkins. They weren't a given when I picked up my order, and I'd noticed everyone going back for them as well.Yelp could go to enhance their 'food truck' tracking...  Currently, their listing for businesses are location dependent, and food trucks are definitely not in one place.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,1/6/2013,71,165,1,13,6>Visited Peter Rubi on opening day after hearing about the store at a local Organic foods meeting.  Needless to say I was excited to know that they were going to specialize in only produce, seeing as my family and I are trying to consume more fresh produce and less meat.  The store is set up really cute, and the prices were AMAZING, like Cherries for 1.49/lb and Heirloom Tomatoes for 2.49/lb.  Everything was really fresh, they carry some local, some organic, and some conventional produce. I was expecting the prices to be similar to those at Whole Foods but was pleasantly surprised to see that they blow them out of the water. If you like fresh produce and supporting local business check out Peter Rubi.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,1/5/2013,63,60,12,9,8>Valli Produce is super romantic. Not as romantic as, say, the Elgin Fresh Market, but definitely a decent "we're just shopping for stuff" place to take a date. This place is a full-on winner all the way.Look, if you're dating someone, there's only so much coffee or beer you can drink and only so many dinner and movies you can go to before you have to go on a "go shopping with me" date. These dates, especially the first few, are perhaps the most important of all. You're not putting on a show of money, power, and style- you're allowing the person you're seeing to sort of "see you actually do normal things. In the wild." That is why finding the correct grocery store to buy stuff for dinner is so important in your formative dating period. Can you imagine going shopping for high quality produce and meat someplace that your "other" might find pretentious? Like Whole Foods? Or lame? Like Jewel? DISASTER. Once upon a time, I did not think grocery stores were particularly romantic. Who could blame me? I shopped at Jewel and occasionally my hilariously outdated local grocer, Pik-Kwik. I also didn't cook then, which may be why I didn't think too much about it. Now, thanks to Food Network and a couple of close friends, I know how to select a good pineapple, perfect tomato, ripe avocados, and find meats with good marbling. Why wouldn't you want a place to teach your hot date cool stuff like that? It's incredibly romantic and scores you big points. Take it from me. I'm about to get married in 6 weeks.But what if you're single? Again, this is important. Valli is about demographics. Do you honestly believe that people who can't cook shop at places that have one of the best produce spreads, butchers, seafood counters, and delis in the area?? Seriously???! This is a place to shop regularly and meet the woman (or man) of your dreams by locking eyes suddenly in the store. Anywhere. Tell me that's not hot. Singles, you'll thank me later.And while there are foods you can bond over, there are other things that only awesome markets have that you can cringe about. Tripe. Sweetbreads. Chicken legs. It's all here.Further, this is a good place to go if you're sort of thrifty. The deli is fantastic and has the best prices on meats and cheeses anywhere locally. They also have a fantastic selection of deli stuffs. Other foods are (generally speaking) reasonably priced. And when you've got everything you need, head to the checkout. The cashiers do not have baggers, but somehow even the longest lines don't stand a chance. These are seriously the fastest cashiers I have ever seen. Anywhere. They do not play games.You shouldn't either. A few wise decisions about where and when you shop could mean a lasting relationship. I'm not claiming Valli sealed the deal early on, but it's possible. You heard it here first. And just in case it works out for you, you're welcome.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,1/4/2013,26,105,3,9,7>"Mom, you need to give this place 5 stars" said my stubborn, picky-ass 7 year old son as he slurped up half the noodles from my ginormous bowl of Pho.5 stars it is! The kid who won't eat cheeseburgers, turkey sandwiches, chicken nuggets, ranch dressing or other typical kid fare loves him some Vietnamese food, all thanks to Yes Asia Cafe. The decor takes me back to the Sanrio-infused days of my youth. Who doesn't want to eat dinner under a ceiling of paper parasols?! The vibe is quirky & chill all at the same time; a perfect place to unwind and enjoy a wonderful meal with the family. We started with spring rolls. They were stuffed fat with fresh, minty deliciousness and the accompanying peanut sauce was the perfect compliment. Hubs sweated his way through the spicy Curry Chicken Bahn Mi and swears he'll do it again next visit. I  ordered the Steak & Meatball Pho; the portion that remained for my enjoyment after my sons had attacked it was divine. The broth had the right balance of sweet, salt & spice. The beef was delicious and chewy, and all of the veggie/herb accoutrements were bursting with freshness. Hubs and I closed out with classic iced coffees...SO good.  Smooth, rich coffee and the condensed milk adds just the right amount of creamy sweetness. The boys enjoyed smoothies, both of which were great with fresh (I know, third time i've used the word but it's TRUE!) and intense fruit flavors. Service was the right mix of warm and unintrusive. We will be back pho sho!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/3/2013,63,74,3,11,10>When we first walked into Sankyu, we were a little alarmed. I guess we've gotten so used to Japanese restaurants that serve a mostly non-Japanese clientele, that walking into Sankyu was frankly a bit of a culture shock.  But it turns out, a really really good culture shock, which we enjoyed tremendously. When you first walk in, you'll notice right away the casual nature of the place, and that everything is primarily written in Japanese (with English as the second language). We thought that was very cool. Along with regular tables, there are also booths where you can kick off your shoes and sit on little pillows, in the traditional style.  Also very cool, and will try that next time.While the service was prompt and fast, it was also casual. There wasn't any of the false obsequious stuff you sometimes get from servers. These gals were friendly but busy, moving about the tables in a cooperative fashion. We had three different people serving us throughout the meal.  It was neat and efficient.Our Japan-immersion experience was also heightened by being seated next to a large and loud table of Japanese men (only speaking Japanese), who had apparently gathered for some sort of happy reunion. We thought it was a lot of fun to be in the middle of all that laughing and shouting.  Anyone who says that Japanese people are restrained, hasn't seen them comfortable and in their own element.The food was good, filling and surprisingly inexpensive, compared to most restaurants, and especially other Japanese sushi places.  I was frankly shocked when we received the bill, and it was sub-$40 for 3 people.  The ramen was outstanding and flavorful, as was the crisp tempura and chicken katsu.  No refills on soda, but a full range of cool Japanese beers and drinks. They also gave us a complementary fried fish cakes appetizer, mung bean salads and a miso soup to match another we'd ordered.  Very welcoming!This really isn't a sushi place. Their maki rolls were fine, but not great. It felt more like the Japanese version of a neighborhood tavern. Casual, but with tasty basic vittles catering to Japanese tastes.And that's the beauty of this place. It's an authentic Japanese tavern, that isn't trying hard to be hip or something it's not.  And last time I checked that, in itself, is pretty hip.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/2/2013,137,199,6,9,7>What a cool little shop!  A bit of a long line, but I didn't mind at all.  Believe it or not, it's part of the character of this place.  In a world of chain coffee shops, it's refreshing to get your morning cup of coffee from someone who really cares about what they're serving you.  Here with a group?  No problem...there's a good sized seating area to the right of the register.  Hungry?  I didn't try the bagels or multitudes of cakes they have for sale, but they seemed like a popular choice of the rest of the customers who were there at the time.  Smelled good, too.Decent prices and good, personal style would describe my experience at the Village Grind quite nicely.  I like it and would definitely go back if in the area.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,1/1/2013,119,299,4,6,5>It is my BFF's favorite Italian lunch place in Oakbrook area. I really loved it too after my first lunch here. I didn't have any problem with the parking as other yelpers mentioned. We were seated right way. I do like the classic decor and vaulted ceiling. All tables were occupied around us and the noise level was just at the typical restaurant level for our conversation, nothing annoying. We started with the half order of Calamari and Caprese salad.  The complimentary bread with marinara sauce were served once we finished the ordering. I really liked the mixed bread in the basket.  The half order Calamari came with very decent portion and tasted just right. They topped some stripes of Balsamic Vinaigrette on the Caprese which I absolutely loved. The mozzarella cheese was creamy and fresh.By the time we were done with appetizer, we were almost full. The entrees were Gamberi Rissoto and Linguine with Mussels. Both came with the huge portion. Rissoto has big tasty shrimps and fresh asparagus in the creamy rice. A bit on the heavy side for me. A dozen of Mussels around the noodles were huge and fresh. We thought they must be hand picked or something. The marinara sauce was just right for the noodles. We liked the Linguine better than the Rissoto. We packed 80% of both for dinner. We loved our waitress. A nice wait person absolutely makes a meal more enjoyable. Our waitress was asking the right questions at the right time. She asked if we needed the olive oil with cheese when the bread was served. She noticed we were talking a lot while eating the appetizers so she let us know she would hold entree off a bit so we could enjoy the appetizers more. She was awesome.The whole lunch was very pleasant for us. And we used the resaurant.com certificate which brought down the cost to $15 per person including tips. You bet I will come back very soon.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,12/31/2012,89,133,11,16,8>Ah, my 100th review. What better place to choose for this milestone than this place. Here's a quick tip for you: I'm lazy and I hate to cook. Thank Jebbus for El Paso because me trying to cook rice is a disaster waiting to happen. They have some of the best hot foods ever! Who wouldn't want some super delish Mexican food hot and ready to go at excellent prices. The hot food section is towards the back of the store by the veggies. You simply grab whatever size container you want and fill it with whatever food you want. Once all your containers are full you give it to the nice lady so she can Saran wrap those suckers and slap a price sticker on it. After that you go to the register and pay but you must first get some of their homemade tortillas, because  its not a complete meal without the freshly made tortillas. Trust me you won't regret it. They change up the menu so it varies on a daily basis but they always have rice and tamales. Everything I have tried has been great, I have no complaints about the food. The only complaint I do have is that the parking lot is the stuff of nightmares. It's small and supposed to be one way but people choose to drive like maniacs and there's always that one person trying to turn left that holds up traffic. It's a mess. However I don't blame the business for working with the space they were provided or for the fact that people just can't drive at all. I should also mention that this is a grocery store so they have all the essential grocery store stuff. It's also a butcher shop so they have a ton of fresh meat. I mainly come here for the food but they have other things to meet your needs. So hurry up and get here to try some of their amazing food. Don't blame me when you become addicted to it.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,12/30/2012,364,363,7,12,8>Best tamales EVER!! And this comes from a person who usually shies away from them because I tend to find the masa too dry. Simply delicious! Sold individually, by the 1/2 dozen or dozen. I am a little mad at myself for waiting 4 years to try them. I'm hooked now!Edited 9/24: I bought a dozen assorted tamales yesterday. I asked my dad (who is Mexican and a retired short order cook and the biggest food critic that I know) if he wanted any. He begrudgingly agreed to one because he was pretty sure he would NOT like them. I gave him three. When I called this morning, he told me he ate all three at one sitting last night and wanted me to bring him a dozen the next time I came over. There is NO higher compliment than that. This is a man who hates EVERYTHING that he does not make himself. Best tamale: the poblano pepper and cheese
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/29/2012,87,153,2,8,4>So far from the times I have been there (3) times I'm always surprised at how soft and creative their donuts are. You walk into this tiny shop where you expect to get just coffee, NO! I walk in there and the first thing that catches my eyes are the different donuts they have, yes I've seen the apple one in multiple places and a peanut butter donut ok, BUT a Heath donut and a NERDS donut?!! Oh em gee my next donut will be that one! So far I've had the apple, Heath, Reese's, chocolate coconut, turtle and s'mores one (tried 1/4 of each w my family) and wow I'm impressed by the amount of flavor and softness of the dough. S'mores tastes just like a s'mores in donut form!So far from the times I have been there (3) times I'm always surprised at how soft and creative their donuts are. You walk into this tiny shop where you expect to get just coffee, NO! I walk in there and the first thing that catches my eyes are the different donuts they have, yes I've seen the apple one in multiple places and a peanut butter donut ok, BUT a Heath donut and a NERDS donut?!! Oh em gee my next donut will be that one! So far I've had the apple, Heath, Reese's, chocolate coconut, turtle and s'mores one (tried 1/4 of each w my family) and wow I'm impressed by the amount of flavor and softness of the dough. S'mores tastes just like a s'mores in donut form!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/28/2012,199,119,4,10,4>Yum! Having delicious mexican food this close to my work is going to be extremely dangerous! We had the opportunity to visit CiNe last week for their soft opening, and left full, happy, and very impressed.The decor is beautiful, when you walk in, you feel like you are downtown. The restaurant itself is actually pretty big, don't let the entrance area fool you!I'm a huge fan of margaritas, but only the kind that isn't made with any kind of mix - and CiNe makes a spectacular classic margarita. You can tell it's made with quality ingredients ( i may have had 5 or 6 and woke up with no hangover!), it has just the right amount of sweetness, ans has a kick without being too strong. I highly recommend trying this one out!The basic guacamole is amazing - it has great flavor and comes with large chunks of avocado in it, which i love!We tried out a few different things on the menu, all of which were perfection. I have been dying to go back since we left! We had:-steak and chorizo tacos-beef empanadas-tostaditas-pastor tacos (worth it for the pineapple salsa alone!)-and of course, churrosThe empanadas really stood out to me, the combination of the savory beef with a little bit of spice, and the delicate, buttery puff pastry was just wonderful. When I go back, I really want to try the carne asada and the fajitas.This is a great local place for a tapas style meal, with very reasonable prices to boot. If I start not coming home after work, it's because I'm at the CiNe bar drinking margaritas and eating guacamole :)UPDATE: the carnitas quesadillas are a MUST HAVE. Everyone I know that has tried them is totally addicted!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/27/2012,317,838,5,7,9>HOLEY MOLEY! Can I give them more than 5 stars?!  As good as it gets does not seem to cut it... above and beyond what I could ever imagine is more like it!  That goes for the food and service.When I arrived on a Thursday night about 8pm, they were empty.  We were the only people dining there, so we decided to sit at the sushi bar.  We ordered 4 rolls from the menu... I forget exactly what... the Pink Lady a Fat somebody, a spicy tuna with avocado and like Deep wave (I know I am butchering the names).  Before we got our rolls, they brought us out a miso soup, ginger salad and a small appetizer.  I am super picky about my miso soup, but Chuck's version definitely passed the test!When the rolls came out I was pleasantly surprised.  They were beautiful and delicious.  Big chunks of fresh raw fish.  It was so good that I did not have to use soy sauce with it!  Chuck insisted that we try the tuna nigiri.  I am not usually a fan of nigiri... I stick to the maki rolls... but the fish was so fresh, I could not resist it! He made a special sweet soy sauce that he drizzled over the nigiri... it was amazing!  We were pretty full by this point, but the food was so good, we did not want to stop eating yet, so we told Chuck to surprise us and make us something delicious.  He did not disappoint!  It was topped with Mandarin oranges giving it a sweet and tangy bite.  Sooooo good!Oh and the water is to die for... it has fruit soaking in and and some of the pulp is poured with it.  I would probably go back for the water alone!We were sad to leave because Chuck and his waitstaff were so awesome to hang out with.  But we will definitely return soon!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,12/26/2012,21,77,4,12,8>This is the perfect place to enjoy fresh and delicious local beer.  It  is a brewery and taproom.  It's not a bar or gastropub.  They only accept credit card (no cash), and there is a limit of 3 beers per person.  It's great for what it is.  They're not trying to be something they're not, and I love it!  You can find me there on most Thursday evenings enjoying a beer after work.It's off the beaten path a bit, so you'll never stumble upon it.  You can't see it from the road.  If you realize that, it isn't too difficult to find.  Inside you'll find a very nice bar and several great beers to try.  If it's your first time, I highly recommend trying a flight of 4 beers.  What's great is that they keep rotating different beers through their taps.  As of this post, my favorites are their IPA (Kidnapped by Vikings), their milk stout (Nourri au Fourrage) and their brown ale (E-Ville), but those might very well run out in a month and be replaced by something equally terrific!  If you keep an eye on their facebook page, they often give some notice (albeit short) if something new is being tapped or what establishments are featuring their beers.  In the next few months, they should have some of the barrel-aged beers ready to go.Like I said, they don't serve food, but I'll bet that if you bring some to share with Dave behind the bar, he wouldn't mind you bringing something in.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/25/2012,64,296,6,7,8>A top notch breakfast in my book!I ordered an egg beater omelette with some veggies, and my brother ordered the spring omelette, which had some veggies, brie, and cage free eggs. We both ordered the healthy cakes and made them nutty (you will understand when you read menu. Actually, we just had multigrain batter infused with walnuts and fresh banana).The service was fantastic. It took 13 minutes from order to table. I know I'm weird that I time these things, but that is extremely efficient! The restaurant was crowded when we arrived, but it cleared out once we were seated.The waitress was very nice. IT was a bit on the expensive side, but that's the price I pay for ordering special things and being semihealthy. Sue me I guess.The only knock I had on this place was that I was charged 1.20 for 2 cups of salsa. Don't get me wrong, the salsa was fantastic, and it may have even been made in the restaurant, but charging me for a condiment? COME ON! I won't complain too much because everything else was awesome.If you are in the area, I highly recommend Jam and Jelly. THe menu is actually quite diverse. They offer plenty of breakfast items, and they also offer sandwiches, wraps, and salads for those wanting lunch. I love breakfast too much to not order that here!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,12/24/2012,66,120,4,8,3>My new favorite restaurant ever!Where can you go to get a decadent meal that you know is healthy? Where the entire delicious menu isn't full of fat-and-calorie-laden land mines? NO WHERE but Seasons 52!I love that I can pick anything from this amazing menu and know that I'm not destroying my diet. Sometimes I re-read the descriptions a few times in disbelief - how can THIS be under 500 calories? There are so many things I want, I can't choose! Normally I'm so saddened by the "healthy choices" section of a menu at a restaurant that I pick whatever looks the least terrible. Here, everything is amazing!The flatbreads are delicious and very large. The salads are the same. My favorite is the filet mignon, but that's on the high end of the menu's price range - there are entrees from the $8-$9 range all the way to about $30, but honestly, it's easy to choose an entree for $15 or less - there are so many reasonable options. And the little desserts at the end are delicious and a great size and price for the end of the meal.The wine and drink list...wow. You just have to see it for yourself. They even have healthy options there! And they infuse their own vodkas, gorgeous to see!One warning - MAKE A RESERVATION! If you don't you'll wait FOREVER. It's no surprise, the food is amazing, the ambiance is great, the service is spectacular. And if you're a little past your reservation time...well, dining isn't an exact science. Tables sometimes stay late, it's hard to kick people out ;)
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,12/23/2012,20,44,14,11,6>I had absolutely no business going to L'Anne.  I was tricked.  Befuddled.  Enchanted.  Deceived by some warlock.  Ok, so I called my mother and asked for a good place to go for a romantic evening.   She recommended L'Anne to me, and thus started one of the most stressful dining experiences of my life.When you're finishing up college you start to feel yourself change.  You start seeing yourself as an adult.  You do fancy things for the sake of being fancy.  You worry about bills.  You worry about the future.  You think about your career.  You know what it means to grow up.  We arrived early for our reservation, which turned out to not matter because the place was empty, an oddity from what I've heard.  We got seated, and order wine and open the menu.  BAM.  I'm not an adult any more,  I'm a two kids in an overcoat trying to pass for a grown up.  Oh God, oh God.  Calm down.  When did I get paid last?  Do I have enough money to buy anything?  We've already drank some wine, we can't just leave.  Calm down. Calm down. It'll be fine. L'Anne gave us some recommendations, but to save my wallet, my poor poor wallet,  we split an appetizer, Lobster and Pork dumplings.  Portion size was as small as expected, but the food was AMAZING.    We then split Crispy Duck Goat Cheese salad.  To die for.   Then we headed straight to the meat course.  Do not pass go, do not collect 200 dollars.  God I wish I could have collected 200 dollars....In the interest of saving money I got the Pork Chop, which was as good as a pork chop can be.  Since I was being cheap I talked my girlfriend into splurging on the Duck, which was amazing in every way. Other reviewers are right, L'Anne does hover around the table talking about this and that.  We didn't really take charge of the conversation so we mostly talked about the restaurant, which after a while felt a little awkward.  But she remembered me from when I was there a year ago with my family for brunch, which I give her a lot a credit for. We spent WAY more money than I feel the meal was worth, and spent double what I wanted to spend when we left the house that evening.  That's not L'Anne's fault, remember, tricked by a warlock.  But I will say, on the subject of value, there is a fixed price 5 or 6 course meal for (  I believe )  85$ and 95$ dollars a person respectively.  That was outside our ballpark that evening, but honestly the six course meal was only 30$ a person more than what we paid to split two courses and have meat.  If you are going to splurge on amazing food, it definitely has it's value.   I'll be back when I'm a real grown up.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/22/2012,1546,338,12,21,16>My wife and I have come here three times now and I have to say that they keep getting better every time. They have invested money in the building to add a beautiful new room that has a fire place, water feature and four TV's. You can tell that the staff is well versed in being attentive servers as they are always by the table to make sure that every thing is okay.I heard that they have a local brewers beer called Adult Root Beer which is 10% alcohol. Holy crap, it tastes exactly like root beer but even better, you get a buzz. I looked at the beer list and noticed that they had some other high power beers that I will want to try as well. Our server (Sue) said that if I wanted she would bring out samples of all the beer for me to taste. How freaking awesome is that? Oh ya and the steaks are great as usual.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,12/21/2012,421,397,61,80,70>Duke's Drive in is a small 50s style fast food eatery on a gigantic lot of land just off of Harlem Avenue in Bridgeview. There are a bunch of spots to pull up to, where they presumably had some sort of ordering kiosk in the past. There is a large cement area with outdoor picnic tables to eat at near the parking spots. In stopping by Duke's I decided to try the Chicago style hot dog and fries. Service was super fast and I had my food faster than I had my change back from the cashier. The big question is, how was the food?Well I quickly pulled up a stool to eat at the counter on the opposite side of the counter and dug in. The fries were thin long shoestring fries somewhat similar to those served by McDonalds. These had a tastier potato paste inside and weren't as salty or greasy. For those who have read a lot of my hot dog reviews, these fries are nearly identical to those served at a Place in Villa Park called Mickey's Drive-In, and  to those served by a place called Jimmy's Dog House in Downers Grove. These are good fries and are a very nice compliment to a high quality Chicago style hot dog. And the good news is this was a high quality Chicago style hot dog as well. The dog was served on a soft poppy seed bun. The sausage itself was skinless but heated to perfection. The peppers were hot but not so hot as to overpower the flavor of the dog. The pickle was nice and had a perfect level of sour flavor to compliment the relish and mustard which were both well applied. The onions were applied sparringly, there were nice tomato slices on this dog that weren't too thick, too thin, or too sloppy. The only thing that might be considered wrong with this hot dog was that I didn't detect any celery salt. If you happen to be headed down Harlem in Bridgeview, Duke's is a great place to stop for a Chicago style hot dog. It's easily among the best Chicago style hot dog places I've found. Overall, this was a fantastic Chicago style hot dog and is five stars all the way.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,12/20/2012,325,653,12,20,18>M: "Wow! That's REALLY good ice cream!"Me: "Even though it's a milkshake?"M: "Yeah - you can tell that it's made with quality ice cream!"That's when I realized that Brown Cow is a real gem of an ice cream parlor. I didn't realize how special it was.I suppose I should have known when I read the sign that said that it was ranked 12th in the NATION for the best ice cream by U.S. News Travel. It's the only ice cream in Illinois that made the list, which would make it the best in the state, right? Anyhoo, I actually looked up the report and saw that it was Brown Cow's chocolate peanut butter ice cream that got the prize. You can check it out here:travel.usnews.com/featur…The actual space used to be an old theater. It's pretty spacious and has an old fashioned aura. The customer service is top notch and the ice cream creations are alluring. I have been DYING to try the ice cream sandwich made with chocolate chip cookies but I only doubt myself. Can I actually finish that beast without having an ice cream covered chin and forearms?
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,12/19/2012,646,300,13,14,12>I have to give kudos to my recent elite sister Diana D. for informing me about this place. When my fellow grub chum (Candice G.) texted "lets do lunch" I just knew this was a perfect choice.So lets start with the intimidating glam appearance of a vato loco and a girl with orange hair entering the building. Candice likes to open doors for guys so I stepped in first...seriously it happen just like that.We were greeted by a server whom might I add is full of confidence and such a friendly smile. I believe my compadre made her nervous cause she kinda tumbled into the first few rows of tables. But who am I to judge it was part of the dining experience without the pay-per-view price tag.As my sushi colleague so eloquently stated in her biblical review posted prior to mine. The Torch Dragon Roll and Blue Sky with the willy wonka blueberry sauce was killer good!I think I may have just had a Fogo de Chao moment here. Unlimited sushi for $20 is the best thing ever! Decor is modern and updated, a definite tickle your fancy vibe for the pop star in all of us.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,12/18/2012,144,959,12,15,15>Blissful indeed!  And it was me who was feeling the bliss to find such a perfect spot in Orland Park where almost everything is a chain.The space is huge, clean and bright.  Everyone who worked here was friendly and cheerful to us as we walked in.  We were brand new to this terrific spot so we got a sample of their frozen banana mixture which tastes like yogurt.  We didn't have any of those dessert treats but I sure plan on next time and believe me, there will be a next time.  Our server was super patient with us, even brought me a sample of their sliced turkey.  I ended up ordering the Henhouse which was delicious - warm chicken with cheese and spinach instead of lettuce.  I thought it was just a fabulous idea to add that spinach.  It was pressed just enough to get it warm and crispy but not to meld into one unit as some places do.  The iced tea was perfect and my dessert vanilla latte even better.Blissful sigh of contentment that there exists such a spot of healthy food plus amazing coffee two blocks from Orland Mall.I can't wait to return - I need to get my bliss on!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,12/17/2012,304,479,7,12,9>After many suggestions of "you must try" Mr. A's, the opportunity finally arose.  I'd just driven home from Champaign.  The BF had just driven home from Canada.  It was brunch time.  He wanted lunchy food, I wanted breakfasty food.  Mr. A's!We opted to sit at the counter for immediate service, which was prompt and friendly.  I ordered the ham and eggs, as they are "your ham headquarters!"  The BF ordered a BLT club with fries.The food came out fast, and was delicious.  The ham was thick cut hunks off the bone (he actually looked at it and said "what IS that?")  I was disappointed that they don't poach eggs, but basted was a close second.  Coffee and water refills came quickly, the price was reasonable, and the restaurant was clean.I'll return when I'm craving ham, for sure, which only happens a couple of times a year, but my old go to (Grammy D's) seems to have gotten some not so great reviews lately, so Mr. A's it is!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,12/16/2012,76,103,3,5,3>Popped on into OMango this afternoon and ordered a curry Shrimp with mango sauce and vindaloo sauce. Got a free samosa and ordered a yummy Mango Lassi.The gentleman at the register kind of ran me thru the menu and was very helpful and even came and checked on me during my dinner to see how everything was. I was sitting there finishing my delicious dinner when one of the owners came out and asked me how I was doing and how everything I ordered was. He recognized me from the Yelp event and was very friendly. They asked me to fill out a survey to tell them how every thing was and what could be better. As I said in my survey you have a great place . Keep it up and I hope your a smashing success and I'd see them again soon.OMango has been added into my rotation of must stop at places. Thanks for opening a great new concept in our area!!!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,12/15/2012,45,72,4,6,4>Mitsuwa is a very unique and fun place to check out - there is everything from cuteness overload to bizarre to the MAX.Mitsuwa has a little bit of everything - produce, fresh fish, liquor, movies, books, ceramics, rice cookers, hair products, and tons of special items that it would be hard to list them all. Since it seems that things are mostly imported a lot of the items are a bit overpriced. For me these things are just looked at and not actually purchased. Normally when I go to Mitsuwa I go over to the little shop first and look at the pottery, then grab something to eat from the food court or the bakery, followed but a walk through the store picking up a few unique treats to eat. I have never actually bought full groceries there just a few items here and there - but they do have something that you cannot find anywhere else unless you order online. There is a little bit of everything making it fun to just look around.Mitsuwa's ceramic/gift shop is nice though most things are overpriced there are some things on clearance that are actually a great deal for decent quality item. The food court has a little bit of everything though there are only a few veggie options to pick from - there is a Tofu Burger and one place and BiBimBop at the Korean place. As for desserts there are amazing smoothies and yogurt drinks that are tasty and leave you feeling good as well as some ice cream items. The bakery is good - it is not the best Asian bakery around but they have a good selection with my personal favorite is the pear and custard pastry, though it is hard to go wrong with pastries! Another section of Mitsuwa that is a favorite of mine is the importanted drink selection - DBZ soda and fire coffee are just the tip of the iceberg and you can have fun just trying the drinks. The selection of cute animal themed items is amazing with a great deal of animal candies that are hard to resist.  You can spend an hour just look around at the wide range of items not seen in most stores.Overall, I wanted to give Mitsuwa a 4 star rating because it is overpriced but I just like going there so much that it gets boosted up to 5! At Mitsuwa you will have a fun time and see some interesting things, some might be overpriced but the experience makes it fun to shop and see all the market has to offer
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/14/2012,168,718,29,35,32>Sometimes you're in a greasy-bar-food kind of a mood, but you don't want fast food, and you don't want to actually GO to a bar!Enter in Sam's Grill.This is a little restaurant located in a little strip in Bartlett (close to Hanover Park).  It is a little difficult to find--especially in the dark--and it just says PIZZA on the roof of the building, not their actual name.  So be on the lookout!!There are about five seats in this place TOTAL so take-out is probably best!Anyway, the service here is PHENOMENAL.  I wish there were more stars I could give this place just based on the service and friendliness of the staff alone.  The food was just as good, but I love a place that has a friendly staff and appreciates your business.  You could just tell they were grateful to have the business from the moment we walked in.OK, so here is what we originally ordered (to be split among three of us)12 Hell Raiser Wings (for the husband)FriesGyro DinnerItalian Beef SandwichLoaded Cheese FriesCup of ChiliNow after we had ordered that, the nice man behind the counter, Nick, brought it to our attention that nobody has made it through 5 of those wings and offered us a taste to MAKE SURE that's what he wanted (after a burning throat and watering eyes, we determined that NOBODY would enjoy that).  So they made him a spicy buffalo sauce that wasn't even on the menu.  Talk about service!But other than that, he was really sweet answering all of our questions and after they saw our burning mouths (yikes), a really sweet guy from the back brought out bread with cinnamon, sugar, and honey on it to calm our palates.  How sweet (literally!)All of the food was really, really good, too.  There was nothing I was eating that I was thinking "I could use some _____" or "I wish it had _____".  It was all very, very good!!My only complaint is that they forgot my chili :(  I didn't realize it until I got home, so I didn't want to go back.  But honestly, I am more upset about the fact that I missed out on trying some bomb-ass chili (and I know the chili will be amazing if my loaded fries are any indication!!).So I can't wait to go back...and try the chili. :)(NOTE: They don't have a menu online, but I uploaded pictures.  I recommend calling ahead since they make everything fresh.  There is also a menu on Facebook on their company page)
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/13/2012,2184,1339,6,20,13>My friend and I were trying to find something new and fun to do on Saturday afternoon and I remembered hearing about a winery in the Schaumburg area. 'Bollocks!', my buddy said, 'No such thing exists!' We Yelped it and found that said such place did exist in the form of Lynfred Winery. Being the lushes that we are, we went straight over at 2 in the afternoon. We ended up spending just $13 and staying for 2 and a half hours. It was an amazing way to spend an afternoon and they've completely sold me.Upon arriving, we were met with a beautiful building but we didn't see much activity so thought we must have the wrong place. Turns out we parked in the wrong place and tried to enter the residence (instead of the winery) in the front. The winery is in the back and there is a parking lot back there, as well. When we walked in, things were bustling and a strong yeast smell filled the air. We got in line and ordered the wine tasting for $12 - premium. They also offer a non premium wine tasting for $9. The premium includes either an ice wine or a $100 bottle of red. I love ice wine so knew I had to go with the premium. If you are a member of one of their wine clubs, you save a few bucks off the wine tasting. With our $12, we tried 8 samples of wine. A fantastic deal in my opinion! You pay in the front, they give you a list of the wines being served with descriptions and then you take that plus your glass to the back for your servings. I've been to other tastings that give their patrons plastic glasses so I highly appreciated being served in an actual glass branded with Lynfred Winery's logo.Behind the gift shop is a beautiful balcony area overlooking the stainless steal crushing, fermenting and aging area. It is so pretty, relaxing and just fantastic. The balcony seating area has gorgeous stained glass windows and has a rustic, homey feel to it. The tastings were quite generous and the lady pouring was very friendly and knowledgeable, both of which I appreciated. Each month the tastings change which will definitely have me going back. November 2012 features 3 whites, 3 reds, a fruit wine and a premium:Chardonnay 2009Riesling 2009Marsanne Roussanne 2011Merlot 2008Pinot Noir 2009 ReserveCabernet Syrah 2009Cranberry or Rhubarb fruit wineCabernet 1997 or Ice Wine 2009 - only included with the Premium tasting.My personal favorites were the Riesling, Rhubarb and Ice Wine...Can you tell I'm a sweets girl? My friend is not a fan of reds and they had no issue with her substituting the Reisling for all 3 of those tastings.While we were tasting we caught wind of a winery tour at 4pm. Apparently they are offered at 2 and 4 on the weekends. My friend and I jumped at the chance and I'm so glad we did. I've been to 8 wineries & vineyards, gotten tours at them all, and I must say this was the most entertaining and informative. Our tour guide was Barb who was so cute, friendly and well informed. She offered little side stories during the tour and I truly learned a lot not only about Lyn + Fred's wine but just wine in general and the process. The upkeep at the winery is much better than any other I've ever been to, as well. It's just a beautiful facility and so much love goes into it. All of the employees truly seemed happy to be there and passionate about their wine.This is the best kept secret in the suburbs! Not only will I be back monthly, taking all my friends, but I will be joining their wine club. I had an excellent time and it's well worth the visit. Their prices are reasonable and it's a truly fun time. Aside from the wine tasting and tours, they have wine & cheese pairings, food pairings and cooking classes!Pro-Tip: Yelp has a check-in offer for a free baguette! They have amazing, fresh baked daily breads.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,12/12/2012,363,708,6,10,10>Stop when one of these rings a bell:MalifauxArkham HorrorPandemicIngeniousTicket to RideMunchkinFluxxSettlers of Catan*um... er...Bananagrams?(*if this was your first one, let me guess, you watch Big Bang Theory?)If you like board games, card games, role-playing games or just geeks in general ... this is your store.The choices range from fun for the whole family (Qwirkle, Blokus, the aforementioned Bananagrams) to Seriously Geeky Games (um.... see Matthew M's review).I am not quite to Hardcore Gaming Geek here, but I enjoy many a board/table-top style game, and there are many great choices here. Better yet, there are many knowledgeable and cool people working here, who are happy to answer questions and tell you all about what game you might like or invite you to come by and try one out on a gaming night.We need more businesses like this -- so regardless of your gaming style, definitely give Fair Game a try.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,12/11/2012,82,235,5,11,6>What a gem! We accidentally got here half an hour before they opened and spotted the entire staff having dinner together. Always neat to see that.After a little driving around (not much too see around here, heh) we returned and were seated by the window. The cheerfully romantic ambiance made me feel like I was in a festive city restaurant. The music contributed a lot to the mood--a mix of lilting French music and Sinatra-esque songs. Loved the warm crusty bread with scrumptious tapenade that we were served in the beginning. I ordered the oyster mushroom polenta special and the roquefort and pear tart. Wow, the mushroom dish was incredible. It had the heartiness and flavor of a beef stew (and it probably did have beef broth in it). It actually had a bit of an oyster-ish scent and flavor, which I've never actually experienced in oyster mushrooms, but I liked it a lot.  The pear tart basically looked like a pizza and was a bit on the small side for the price, but it was very good. They didn't mention it on the menu, but instead of a sauce beneath the toppings, it had caramelized onion! Also, it was served with a dipping sauce that seemed to be some kind of wine and beef broth mixture. So fantastic.My partner ordered the Saturday $20 steak special and deemed it very good, better than the usual. Will be back on a Thursday to try the martini specials and maybe the veggie sandwich!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,12/10/2012,33,144,8,5,4>I used to dread Chi Tung. When I was kid, it was the worst. See, Fridays were exciting days. They were the days we got to go out to eat. So imagine my despair on any given Friday when the special day wasn't spent eating pizza or burgers or Mexican food. Imagine my despair when my parents got home from work and said "we're going to Chi Tung tonight."Well, now I'm 28 and when a co-worker says "let's order from Chi Tung" I'm actually kind of excited. Chinese food is not my favorite kind of food and it never will be, but if I'm going to get it, I want Chi Tung. It's delicious.Today, some of my fellow counselors and I took advantage of the lunch buffet in honor of a co-worker that's leaving us. Usually Chinese buffets are scary places crawling in alien microbes, but Chi Tung does a really nice job with it all. The food in the buffet is just as tasty as the stuff you'd normally get... there's just more of it. I've especially grown to love their various chicken dishes here, and they seem to have plenty in the buffet.The place gets super crowded at lunch, though, and space is super cramped and crowded, which is a bit of downer, but not even close enough to ruin the tasty meal. It'll never be my go-to Chinese place because I live about 25 miles away, but when a co-worker is in the mood for Chinese, you have to know I'll be screaming in favor of Chi Tung, rather than screaming against it like I did when I was 10.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,12/9/2012,283,456,9,11,6>So, my big sis and I have been planning to go visit Grandma in the rehab center up in Crystal lake for the past week or so and Saturday evening, we decide there's no time like the present, so let's hit the road!!Girls visit with Grandma and we'll find somewhere to eat on the way home. On the way up there, my co-pilot pulls up our go-to Yelp app to start checking places nearby on our journey. She finds this place that everyone is carrying on and on about the French Onion soup. She is sold on the reviews about the soup and their obvious bakery skills. So after our last minute, kinda late visit, we had to come check out Around the Clock. The app says they're open until 1am so we know we can eat even if it's late. Someone mentioned a 70s porn star-like owner in their review she read to me and I believe I may have spotted him. He was actually sorta hot for an older guy if you ask me. Yeah, I said that.We walk in, the hostess goes to grab us some menus and my sis stops her in her tracks to tell her to "wait! I just need a minute to review what dessert I need to save space for" and stood there drooling over the pies and cakes and other various treats. "Ok? We're good? Can we go eat now, Jen??" We sat in the booth by the register, my first thought: I wish this place was closer to home. This is the kind of go-to dinner spot we need in Schaumburg. I mean, we have omega but this is NOT omega. It's a step up...a big step. Oven warmed pane bread with the flour on the crust! KILLER homemade soups. Seriously!! The kind of soup I wish I knew how to make at home. I do not like onions (I'm sure you know this if you keep up with my reviews at all), but I really had wished I had ordered that French onion soup my sister did. I had quite a few "tastes" she was willing to share, Thanks, sister! She has an aversion to cheese (yes, she'll eat pizza/don't ask I have been her sister for 29 years, and I don't get it) so she orders just the soup- not baked with the cheese! Silly girl, that's the best part. But I made mention to Jessica, our delightful server, that Jen LOVES the croutons so I think she intentionally threw a few extras in there to make up for the lack of cheese. Good call, Jessica! Thanks!!I ordered the chicken tortellini soup and really enjoyed it but man, that French onion will go down in the books as a favorite soup for me! I ordered diet coke. I should have mentioned something to Jessica and I take the blame for not saying anything, but she was so kind, I didn't want to bother her but the soda had a weird aftertaste. I don't think it was diet coke at all. This is we're they lost that 5th star. Because I don't think it was their machine. I just don't think it was actually diet coke; I think it was like diet RC or some other generic soda. Not a fan. Dinner: I wish I had ordered my sisters meal! Like the soup, her dinner was better than mine, too! She had a chicken breast sandwich and onion rings and I went for the double stack quesadilla, as suggested by our server. The pico was made using VERY under-ripened tomatoes (white and green in color) and large pieces of onion that after the fact, I decided they were easier to remove if you wanted but if not, they were quite large pieces to be chewing into. The chicken used to make the quesadilla was big BEAUTIFUL pieces of chicken breast meat so that was delicious. The rice was incredibly bland. The salsa in the little plastic cup was purchased, not made in house and the guacamole was kinda like "Wholly Guacamole" and was just ok.We ended up ordering 5 desserts to go. One sweet treat for each of us, and one for each of our boys at home. I ordered a peanut butter bar and a slice of the caramel apple pie. I ordered these with the intention of my fiancé and I splitting each, this worked out very well. Next time, I'm getting two of those peanut butter bars, though...they were excellent.I'm looking forward to another visit soon. I think this place will have to end up on our regular rotation of dining spots when we're up the Northern Suburbs. So proud of us for trying a new place and even more excited to bring back the hubby-to-be very soon!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/8/2012,239,635,7,12,12>This was a wonderful dining experience.  This building houses a restaurant and banquet facilities along with small private rooms that become part of the restaurant when needed.The halls and restaurant are, I assume, paneled with a warm (Rose) wood providing an elegant feeling.  However, this is not an uppity place.  The owner works the room making sure his guests are served well and enjoying their dining experience.One person in our party needs a gluten free diet and when she ordered the sole special, the waiter immediately pointed out that sole was the one fish they HAD to dredge through flour to prepare.  So plan  "B"  went into effect, not an issue.  My filet was perfectly cooked to specification and sooooooooooooooo tender, a knife was not really needed to cut it.  Timing for courses was perfect, ALL wait staff were attentive, and I never had to request a refill on my ice water.A couple of the chefs came out of the kitchen, and as luck would have it, we were able to discuss dessert choices that were gluten free.  She thought the ice cream would be safe, but the chef said "no" there were cookies in the ice cream.  Who knew?  Had he not been there, she might have had an extremely uncomfortable night ahead of her.I had not been here for years but truly enjoyed my dining experience and 5-star worthy.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/7/2012,29,80,11,8,11>In the three years my wife and I have lived in Lombard, we've patronized no fewer than eight different grocery stores. Gone are the days of being exclusive; in today's swinging foodie culture, we see 'em all. And when you're of a certain age and are looking to sow your oats - wild or instant - you go for different types, depending on your mood and status in life. For a guy, there are four types: the familiar blonde, the smart brown-haired girl, the mysterious brunette, and the redhead next door. (These are stereotypes, not absolutes. I mean no offense to anyone.)Jewel and Dominick's represent the blonde girl. Just as a single guy is expected to be more attracted to the blonde, those that don't study the field go with the stores that everyone's frequented for decades. There's not anything special there. You pay more than you should for what you get. But they're prevalent and always available. Feeling smart, and looking for value and a potentially long-lasting experience? Then the brown-haired girls known as Ultra and Woodman's are for you. They're not as easy to find and aren't as user-friendly, but you get good value, even though you're not as likely to brag about it with your friends.Bragging rights go to those intimate with the exotic brunettes of Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. If you're open to new experiences and challenges that may or may not be rewarding, here's where you go. Yes, I have a past with all of these types, as do many men my age, and I'm glad that all of them are out there. But more and more often, I'm finding myself with the red-headed girl next door, and her name is Mr. Z. (To prove my deep understanding, I appear to be the only poster here that knows her true name! It's not "Mr. Z's." There's no possessive in her name. She cannot be "owned," you see.)Ah yes, my bonnie Mr. Z. She's close by, so close that you may easily take her for granted. She doesn't have everything you'd dream of, but there's more there than you'd ever realize from the outside. She has strengths (meat) and weaknesses (produce), so she won't fulfill your every desire, but you'll get what you need. She may lack qualities that all others seem to have (no Coke products) but she'll atone nicely (Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge). She'll even be part of your community, playing nice with the town's elders but still cool with everyone else that wants to know her. Not everyone will admire you for your choice. She's not glamorous. She won't make you look like a scholar or a rebel. They'll wonder why you don't look elsewhere. But Mr. Z has a charm to it, and by being close to her, I've gotten to know her and I can accept her for what she is and is not.No, I wouldn't travel 20 miles to shop here, but that's part of the charm. It's a LOCAL store. Heck, the bulletin board just inside is the town kiosk! Yeah, I guess I could go to Walmart and get what I need cheaply, but that would be the equivalent of buying a doll that needs inflation, if you catch my drift. It's cost-efficient and can be fulfilling, provided that you intentionally ignore how you're bankrupting yourself in other ways. If you don't live close to Mr. Z, you probably won't visit it more than once, if at all. Heck, at first glance, I didn't think much. But if you're looking for creature comforts, and location and convenience is part of that comfort, then you'll find yourself coming back. Just make sure you get her name right.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/6/2012,222,278,8,10,10>One little red door, when you walk inside that's all the space you have...a doorways worth. This is a little alley way with the left side lined with all different candies. Some oldies but goodies and some of the new stuff. When you walk in you grab a little white paper bag and make your way through the store collecting your favorites. At the end they dump them out and count them up. My final cost (even with popcorn) never ceases to amaze me...this place won't break the bank.You can grab a soda or a water here too (but keep in mind there is a DQ right across the way if you need something even less health conscious).If you've read my reviews....you already know I love popcorn. They have amazing popcorn, not crazy movie theatre butter popcorn, lightly salted fresh popcorn. You probably need to try it.This place makes me feel like a little kid again....except now I have to pay for myself. But it's so worth it, and still a pretty darn good deal. Best enjoyed in good company across the street at the fountain or at the park nearby.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,12/5/2012,102,185,4,7,7>This store front sells what the basic food vendor cart does. Tamales, champurrado, arroz con leche, paletas, chips, chicharrones, yogurt, elotes, they even have coffee for your tamales. The tamales and champurrado are great! The champurrado is normally described as Mexican hot chocolate. It's thick and cinnamony and chocolatey. Difficult to describe but a can't miss. They have your regular corn husk wrapped tamales and also tamales Oaxaqueños which are banana leaf wrapped and I think the masa is a lot softer in the Oaxaqueños. It's definitely a relief to have this place around because the tamale carts in Little Village have been MIA for a while. But beware, once the stock runs out for the day, they close. So get in early. Oh and it's cash only.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,12/4/2012,83,41,5,7,5>I nearly cried when I heard they closed. Then I heard they moved, and reopened, and were better than ever...and I did a little dance.They are, by the way. Better than ever that is.The food, of course is amazing. Tastes just like home.The service is still great, a welcoming environment, and polite and helpful staff.The new location is great! It has a section of booths, several tables, and just in general a lot more space. A well-kept bar houses a selection of alcoholic en non-alcoholic beverages to accompany the great food.Not much to say, except GO! If you don't know, or have not tried Balkan food, or just haven't been to the new location...go.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/3/2012,436,333,6,9,6>The restaurant is good and the food is great....but for a drinkin' good time, turn left instead of right...and get your VoodDoo on in the lounge!I've been going to Chuck's for years....and Chuck Fest is not to be missed (coming up in September at Toyota Park).   Since moving to this new location and the expansion of the VoodDoo lounge, it has become a spot for many happy hours.  They have an extensive list of beers on tap and a huge menu of IPAs and Craft Beers.   If you are a beer lover, this is the place to be.     If you go to the VoodDoo lounge website, they list the specials on tap.As always, the food is good, but better when paired with beer!!  Love me some Chuck's!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/2/2012,133,66,9,9,8>"Come on baby...let's do the twist!"The twist potato, that is! A single potato spiral-cut into a sort of french-fry totem pole (on a stick!) -- it is hands down the most unexpected bakery item I've yet to come across - but oh, so delicious! While waiting on our twisty snacks, we got cozy in the small (but immaculate! - seriously, so clean we felt obligated to de-crumb our table before leaving) dining area with a red velvet cuppie and a mango-pineapple smoothie in the meantime. Sans bubbles, as I just read an article claiming those chewy tapioca pearls to contain carcinogens -- and I thought it best not to trigger my hypochondria. Loved the smoothie - very creamy and so fresh tasting! And though the cupcake was a bit dry in consistency, I enjoyed the flavor and the not-too-rich cream cheese frosting (extra points for pretty pink sugar-sprinkles). And bonus, if your cupcake has a twin on the day-old tray - you can snag the pair for the price of one! One cupcake and half a smoothie later, our twist potatoes arrived - and they proved to be well worth the wait! After the super-friendly owner informed us that there were two options (chili and cheese), we ordered one of each with the intent to share. The plan was to eat halfway down the stick and switch, but I Loved the chili flavor so much I almost kept going (my hubby kindly looked the other way when I ate an extra rung off the chili twist before passing it to him). To be fair - the cheese was tasty too, a bit sweet and more of a baked-on flavor (as opposed to the chili which was sprinkled-on) - but I could not get enough of the chili-flavored twist. If it hadn't taken so long for the first set of twists, I would have ordered seconds! Bottom Line: Definitely do the twist, but if you think you might even consider a second helping -- place your double-order upfront to save time.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,12/1/2012,58,141,4,5,4>This place gets 5 stars for a variety of reasons...1) The food is amazingly tasty! I had the bbq chix, it was moist and flavorful. Out of all the sides, the mac & cheese is one of a kind! It's got a subtle smoky taste, and heavenly creamy-ness which you can't resist. The baked beans are wonderful with bits of brisket and a bit of a spicy kick. 2) The beer list. Flippin' amazing for a small BBQ joint! I think it took me about 5 minutes to decide on a beer... ;-)3) The atmosphere is awesome and I love the decor. Very simple, but inviting. The smell is inviting enough.... *sigh* Once you park and get out of the car, you instantly begin to drool.Side Note: We asked why they hadn't added cornbread to their menu. Reason being... the cornbread machine won't fit through any of the entry ways, so they're figuring out their options. I hope they figure this out soon cuz I love me some cornbread!Will DEFINITELY be back!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/30/2012,280,274,7,13,8>Struggling to answer why it's taken so long to eat here.Niche has one of the most upscale modern dining rooms in the West Suburbs. The tables are well spaced apart. The chairs are comfortable. The lighting is good. The room is quite without being "dead". The service here is also very professional. Let's talk about the food.Shrimp and Grits were delicious.Duck Confit wrapped in Phyllo was excellent and a good option to share (4 pcs)Whitefish was cooked perfectly.Hanger Steak got "topped off" with beef jus table-side. Yummy!I would definitely classify Niche as a fine dining restaurant. Be prepared to spend $75-80 a person with wine, tax, and a 20% tip.I had a very positive experience and I'll be taking my mom here next time she's in Geneva!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,11/29/2012,287,787,10,16,12>Yes, I am updating my review already.  Why?  Because of the (hold on to your hats) following items: Spicy Siracha Turtle Cupcake, the Elvis Cupcake and the chorizo cheddar biscuit. Follow these folks on Facebook or Twitter and you'll get a update on their daily flavors (that's how I ended up at the bakery on what would have been a humdrum running errands kind of day).The Siracha Turtle cupcake is AMAZING.  You can tell the chocolate in the cake and frosting is from really good quality cocoa--the flavor is so deep and rich. There is just a slight zing of siracha and a nice swirl of caramel. All of this is topped with some candied pecans.  This cupcake might not be for everyone, but if you like siracha or spice or zing, you gotta try it. It's so well-made and now on my list of all time favorite cupcakes. The Elvis cucpake was delicious too.  Banana cake, topped with fluffy peanut butter buttercream frosting and topped with bits of crispy bacon.  I loved every bite. The Chorizo cheddar biscuit was good.  Flaky biscuit with bits of cheddar and chorizo throughout.  I wish there was more chorizo, but that's just me.  Friendly service, clean digs.  I LOVE this place!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,11/28/2012,10,43,5,7,5>So excited to have discovered this restaurant. It sits a bit off the beaten path, so I didn't even know it existed until recently. The website seems to be down right now but rest assured they are open and serving up scrumptious food! We could have made a meal by ordering four or five of the small plates (polenta, arancini, fried chickpeas, yes please!), but the entrees were equally as appealing so we limited ourselves to just two. We started with the newest up and coming star on seemingly everyone's menu, burrata (which was delicious), as well as the grilled octopus. The octopus was cooked to perfection, which is hard to do, so we enjoyed it. For entrees we had the rib eye and the risotto. The rib eye was cooked with the perfect pink center, and looked like a labor of love. The risotto had almonds, cauliflower and olives in it, and it was a flavor fiesta! Very tasty indeed. The food took a little while to come out, but once it did you could tell the time was due to the attention to detail and the fresh preparation, so it was worth the wait. And since the dining room is cozy and soothing, it was all that much more tolerable. They have a pretty good wine list, but also offer a $15 corkage fee if you just HAD to have your favorite varietal with their delicious food. The music they had on was interesting. I've never before nibbled on frisee to the musings of AC/DC, but I'd do it again.  Oh, and their posted hours claim they are open until 2, which is a rarity in the Barrington/Fox River Grove area. Not that they would really cater to the drunken stumbling "need-to-stuff-my-face" crowd, but at least we know there's ONE option should we ever find ourselves in need of SOMETHING on our way home from the train station, other than the freezer burned blueberries in our freezer at home.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/27/2012,56,50,5,10,7>Delicious!Talk about amazing, super juicy, hamburgers.  The outside of this place is a bit dingy  but once inside you realize it's an incredible hamburger paradise... and one of Brookfield's best kept secrets. The menu consists mainly of burgers and chicken sandwiches with about 20+ options for each ranging from Philly Cheeseburger, to chicken piccata, to anything your little heart can dream of.  Avocado on a burger? Yes please! Seriously, just close your eyes and pick one... no doubt it will be delicious.My mom has ordered the soup before - which was quite good - but by far our favorite thing on the menu is the flank steak sandwich.  The amount of flavor packed by this divine, stacked creation is impressive and the bun is more of a "jus-absorber" than a means of transport. You may have to fork-and-knife it, but you will NOT be disappointed.Not from the suburbs? Make the drive out... trust me, it's worth it.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,11/26/2012,87,333,15,21,21>From the outside, the Maple Tree Inn is a bit unassuming. Set in an older, Southern suburb of Chicago, it's a bit of a gem in the rough. Even though my husband and I live in nearby Oak Lawn, we had not heard of the restaurant until now when we saw it on the Yelp On Tap event specials.Welcome to the South (in more ways than one)-When entering the building, we were greeted by a giant alligator garnering Mardi-Gras style beads above the bar, along with huge purple/green/yellow/white colored masks hanging over the mirrors that lined the back of the restaurant. These items were the most loud decor that screamed New Orleans, however, everything else was more muted with the dimmed lighting, dark wood features of the bar to the white table cloth and candle lit dining room.Going bananas over the beers-My husband and I went wild on the beer menu of 26 on tap. So many rare choices from around the country and world! We finally decided on the Autumn Leaves flight. I am a fan of the caramelly, malty brown ales during these cooler days, so my fav of the four in the flight was the Saugatuck Bonfire Brown Ale. And while my husband always enjoys stouts more than me, I also found  the Ska Autumnal Mole Stout tasty because of the balance of bitter chocolate flavor from the cocoa with the spicy notes of the chili peppers. I later switched to a lighter beer, a Belgian Trippel Karmeliet, which I absolutely LOVED. It reminded me of my favorite season - summer, had a high ABV (8 percent!) and was simply refreshing.Dip it low -Warm corn bread muffins with bits of jalapeno pepper and served alongside a cream cheese dip of scallions and other fresh herbs. OMG. We finished that basket  in probably five minutes flat.Happy Apps-We went with the server's suggestions of fried crab cake and 2x2x2 oysters. The peanut slaw had a bit of kick to complement the mellow crab. I also liked the textural differences with the crunchy shell on the outside of the soft chunks of crab. The oysters were decadent, and I'm glad we got a variety because each one was distinctly different. My fav was the Bienville with the provolone - soooo creamy on top. The Rockefeller and Deviled ones had some kick to them, which I welcomed.Did you save room for (no, not dessert) dinner?-By this time of the night, we barely had any room but we thrive on variety and got two BIG entrees to share. When the dishes came, I couldn't believe the size and thought, "OK, I'll probably have a taste of each and then box the rest." But it was on of those nights when after tasting one delectable forkful, I felt an urge to have more. My husband's Tower of Pork was incredibly tender and juicy, and with the cornbread dressing and smothered eggplant, I was swimming in comfort food. As for the spare ribs, these were incredibly flavorful from the dry rub and in-house smoking, but they weren't as fall-off-the-bone tender as the pork. Another slight letdown was the sweet potato fries (that I requested to sub out the Cajun fries). These were shoestring style, which I prefer thick wedges, and they were honestly a bit flaccid rather than crunchy. Putting a name with a face / food -We were honestly too full for dessert, but as we were finishing up our drinks and waiting for a bill to be processed, the chef visited our and other tables. I always appreciate this gesture when it happens because it was nice to meet who made our food and see how much he cares about his work.Our server was friendly and consistent through the night. I appreciated her laughing at my husband's jokes and also giving us suggestions that were detailed and insightful. She obviously studied the menu and had an opportunity to taste everything.Verdict -This is definitely a place I would love to take friends from out of town who are visiting us and are unconvinced there is anything cool in the suburbs.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,11/25/2012,92,197,5,7,5>We made the three day trek to Warrenville on a sunny Mother's Day to experience the mystical Tap House that has been buzzing continually through the collective conscious of my foodie circle. I was the last foodie in a tri county area to have not yet experienced the beer nirvana that Two Brother's was soothing the imbibing masses with on the wrong side of an industrial park, off a frontage road, smack dab in the middle of the Du page County forest preserve belt. It actually looked like the perfect location for a meth lab OR a cult brewery, either makes sense to me. Just about to give up on finding this place, although we were right in front of it, I spotted a paper sign on a door that from 200 feet appeared to read "Tap House". Low an behold we had arrived.Starving, the cheese fries seemed like the logical thing to order upon sitting, so we did. Yes, cheese fries. We ate them, and ate them and ate them. We could have stood up and left, fatter and happier and fully satisfied when they were gone but we had ordered entrees too, oops. The fries were fresh cut well seasoned and doused in the most delicious cheese sauce that you could imagine. There were other toppings: bacon, shredded cheese and green onion. But who cared when there was this cheese sauce. I finished every last bite wiping the plate clean with the last straggling fries to get every last droplet of this creamy, savory, flavor packed cheese sauce.My entree the fish tacos was very good but I was full, I say FULL of cheese fries and could not really give them their due. Great sauces and flavors. Fresh made sustainable and organic and locally sourced were bandied around to add to the experience. Beer, yes. The coffee porter, good and strong. Some muddled green tea infused hoppy thing, not so good. Then the one that I don't know the name of that I sampled in a small pour and then devoured a pint. So helpful that I don't recall the name but super tasty. I recommend 1 of each, of all, for effect, in sample size.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,11/24/2012,26,118,4,8,5>On Wednesday, I had my first Gourmet Pizza Dinner Buffet here.  I think the word "epic" would accurately describe this buffet. So you know your average pizza buffet right? You go up there, and every decent pizza has been picked through. The place never puts out the good stuff...just the basic ingredient pizzas for people with a 4 year old's taste buds?Chicago Dough Company is NOT that type of buffet!They put their best pizzas up at this buffet, and they just kept bringing them out. They had thin crust, stuffed, pan, deep dish, gyro pizza, chicken bacon ranch pizza, everything pizza! There was some pasta, garlic bread, bread sticks, very fresh salads, and I might even be forgetting a few things.  I think I went up there three times. Each time, there were new pizzas and plenty of choices!Wednesday is wing night at the buffet. I really don't care much for wings, especially with the prices some places charge for them. But I did try the hot wings and the bbq wings. They were great with excellent flavor, and you didn't have to fight to get the meat off the bone.I finished off my meal with a trip to the dessert pizzas. I only grabbed the chocolate and peanut butter pizza. I am convinced to order the whole dessert pizza now!In case you're wondering, they have Blue Moon draft. You can get it by the glass or pitcher.EDIT: The diner buffet is only on Monday and Wednesday nights. Just so you don't come all the way out here on a Tuesday, and drive home cursing my name...
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,11/23/2012,178,365,3,4,5>Great beer, good food, nice location.If you have seen my reviews, you already know that any place that has good craft beer and burgers is a place that I need to be.  Geneva Ale House delivered on both accounts.  I had the fried cheese curd appetizer (OHMYGOD THE BACON DIPPING SAUCE) and a stuffed burger (bleu cheese, bacon, and jalapeno) and both were pretty good.  (Sidenote:  I was surprised that they asked for a temp for a stuffed burger, but I went with medium, and it came out overcooked.  BUT I expect that for a stuffed burger so I didn't get all ragey...no worries.)  The fries that came with it were decent too...but dipped in the left over sauce from the curds?  AMAZING.  My buddy also got a burger and a reuben (he's got a big appetite) and seemed to enjoy both.  The beer list was impressive enough that I had a hard time choosing and was a HUGE fan of the fact that there were some local brews on there as well.    When I am in Geneva (and not at Ju Rin), I will definitely be here.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,11/22/2012,151,128,7,10,9>My husband and I met friends here for dinner Tuesday night. All we knew is that we'd be in Elmhurst; no one had any idea where to go. I whipped out my phone, pulled up my life-saving Yelp app, saw Pints, suggested it.....I am the hero!There was much more to our night, but I personally feel the most important info is in that first paragraph. But feel free to read on....We liked Pints very much. Service was friendly. Great beer list. My husband, my friend's husband, and I ordered hamburgers. My friend got the buffalo chicken wrap or some such nonsense. Thanks but no thanks.....when you see the burger menu with your own eyes you'll understand. There are about ten on the list, all named after Big 10 schools, each one so creative! My husband ordered the Hawkeye Burger (natch), our friend got the Badger Burger, and I......I risked it all and went with the Go Blue Burger. I say "risk", as my husband hates U of M with an undying passion. I tried my best to whisper to our server what I wanted but the husband was reading my damn lips and staring divorce daggers into my skull. Anyway, forget him. Because it was a DAMN good burger! A generous sprinkling of blue cheese crumbles, bacon, and caramelized onions on top of a perfectly cooked patty all lovingly tucked into a plush, soft pretzel bun? Flag that as APPROPRIATE. Served with sweet potato fries, which were pretty ok. Everyone enjoyed their meals, including buffalo-chicken-wrap girlfriend. We all split a dessert of vanilla ice cream topped with caramel-maple sauce and BACON crumbles. Real bacon, mind you. My only suggestion for this is to cook the bacon until it's super crispy. It was a little chewy as it was sitting on top of ice cream but other than that, it was fantastic. We'll definitely be going back! Even if I am again banished to sleep on the couch just because of my burger choice. F**K IT............
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/21/2012,359,353,9,13,12>I had been longing to eat at Chef Ping since I heard about it a couple months back. The time had come and my excitement was uncontainable.First things first. I'm not sure who this Chef Ping is, but I'm madly in love with him. ((Well, I'm assuming it's a him - either way)). CP brought me back to everything I was missing at my previous favorite Chinese restaurant ((eh...ahem, Yu's)). In the middle of a monsoon I was surprised to see the restaurant packed. Apparently a little ((or a lot)) of rain doesn't bother Ping diners. After my experience, a tsunami wouldn't stop me from heading there. The point - get there early, take it to go, or expect a wait.The menu consists of a variety of meats and seafood, as well as quite a few vegetarian options. I was stoked to see king mushrooms on the menu, but the long-awaited sesame chicken was taking the priority that night.Dinner consisted of Sesame Chicken and Ping's Vegetable Noodle Platter. Both were incredible - duh. The sesame chicken was everything I imagined it would be and more. The chicken was fresh and juicy, lightly breaded, and tossed in the best sesame sauce known to man. The veggie platter had fresh stir-fried veggies and an abundance of house made silky noodles. The portions were huge, so two entrees for two people was more than enough.Service was fantastic. The hostess, staff, and our waitress were extremely friendly and seemed genuinely happy to have us there. That was a welcomed change from many other restaurants I've visited. Our dishes came out fast and our glasses were always full.The only thing I'm unhappy about and regret is not knowing about Chef Ping sooner. Chef Ping - I love you. Thank you for bringing back the amazing Chinese dishes I so desperately missed.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/20/2012,252,423,5,6,4>I wish this place was like Doctor Who's TARDIS & bigger on the inside but sadly, it is not.  6 p.m. on Friday & they were already PACKED!   I was so glad I had made reservations.  As we dined the tiny waiting area was overflowing & the bar stayed packed to the gills so be prepared to wait or definitely make reservations.  They've squeezed in as many tables as they can to accommodate their popularity so also be prepared to carefully weave your way through the densely populated space to get to your table and/or use the restroom.With that said, once the food arrived we knew why this place was popular.  The food was amazing & reasonably priced.  We brought a friend who never had sushi before so we ordered a variety of things.  A large sake for us to share, 2 tempura appetizers, a plate of dumplings, the American's Favorite Sushi platter & the CPT Roll platter.  Of course it all came with a small salad & miso soup for each of us.  All that amazing goodness cost us $75 before tip.  Sweet!On subsequent visits we have tried various other sushi offerings - all of them delicious.  The Super White Tuna (SWT) is amazing!  How can raw fish melt in your mouth? I have no idea but the SWT delivers.  The volcano roll was also quite popular at our table and good for anyone who shies away from the raw offerings.  Most recently we tried the Kamikaze "rolls" - actually served in an endive leaf, and the Triple KC roll which has no rice & is served in a thinly sliced roll of cucumber.  Those two were my favorites. They also have Chinese food and we've only tried one entree from that part of the menu - the General Tao's Chicken (not General Tso's, as you see at other Chinese restaurants).  This has been our only disappointment.  The cuts of chicken weren't as high quality as I've had elsewhere and the breading on the chicken was completely soggy from the heavy sauce.  I realize anything breaded and fried then covered in sauce will eventually not be crispy but it shouldn't come to the table already soggy.The service is also quick and to the point - you will definitely feel rushed if you come here during peak times.  The service is a bit more friendly and relaxed if you come on a week night when they aren't so insanely busy.They seem to do a brisk take-out business as well so that's good to know if you don't want to wait.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,11/19/2012,771,552,7,11,11>I needed to get my hair did so I decided to go to Eko Salon. I loved it!. Their set up is fantastic; clean, open and the vibe is very zen like. I was offered something to drink and felt very welcome the whole time, therefore making me feel calm the whole time I was there. The location is fairly easy to get to, from where I live it took me about 35 minutes. Doesn't matter though, I love what Dana did with my hair and the products that were used, so I'll make the drive again.Dana took the time to explain the products, to show me different hair colors from the Aveda line and the organic line, and helped me make the right choice for my tresses. I opted for the organic color system for two reasons:1. It doesn't damage your hair and lets it keep it's nutrients since there are no harsh chemicals. This means that pregnant women are able to safely color their hair.2. There is no ammonia smell, just a delicious one that doesn't knock you out. :) Seriously.I must say that even though there is no ammonia or harsh chemicals in it, the color covered very well. The best part about the organic color was that my scalp was NOT burning and I didn't feel like itching it while the color was seeping in, THAT has never happened before.The price was definitely right for what I got done and right now, they're having 20% off your first visit. I would recommend checking them out because after my first experience there, I'm not sure if I can go back to regular coloring. Plus, it helps that they have a very friendly staff. Thanks Eko!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/18/2012,166,121,3,6,4>I was lucky to find this joint yesterday evening after a not so good attempt to eat jerk chicken at another restaurant in the neighboring town of Blue Island(soon to be yelped too).   Let's just say that I am thankful for being able to do a quick yelp search for jerk chicken and having this place pop up.    Thank you fellow yelpers for your reviews.  Now.. for the good part, the food!!This place has some seriously good Jerk chicken..  I came here hoping they would have decent food, and I must say that they exceeded my expectations.  the chicken was soo juicy and tender, the jerk seasoning was well balanced and just plain delicious. I ordered the plain jerk, but with a side of their BBQ sauce, but  it was just so good on its own, i just kept the sauce for dipping my bread.. The dinner I ordered came with red beans & rice, and I chose Mac n' Cheese as my other side.   The rice & beans were pretty good, the mac, was not..   The Mac was flavored well, but i found it to be kinda dry and just felt like it was sitting around too long.   The service was good, the owner and his family were working the counter and they seemed very nice and helpful with my questions about their menu.   The prices are very reasonable and pretty much all the dinner were about $10 but the portions were very generous and well worth it. I didnt have anything negative about the restaurant but just a few minor things that keep it from 5 stars..   First, this is a cash ONLY, so make sure you have stopped at an ATM before you arrive because there is no ATM in the restaurant. This is a very small location and there is not much room to eat in so I recommend taking it to go..  This place is kinda divey so temper your expectations when it comes to decor and location.. I definitely will be back to try some of the other food, the jerk rib tips and Jerk catfish are looking very tempting as are some of the other sides.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,11/17/2012,144,184,3,6,3>Unlimited refills on Horchata!They had me right there.  I've passed by this place a million times and finally made it in the other day.  It is a spacious, clean, mexican restaurant.  At first I wasn't sure if I should just walk up to order or sit down, but since I was greeted by the cashier, she guided me over towards her.   I was with the fam so we decided to order a variety of items to see how things tasted.  We ordered one of the taco plates, a torta, and the carne asada.  The carnitas taco had a great flavor.  The ham and cheese torta was tasty (I know random, but the kiddies wanted it), bread wasn't too soft or too hard, ham wasn't too salty.  The carne asada was a good serving, I would have liked it to be a little less done.  The chips and salsa kept the kids happy until the food came.   The staff was nice and asked us if we needed anything, refilled our water cups, and after we were done eating asked if we wanted some dessert.  Very attentive staff. Decent prices for service and the area it's in.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/16/2012,22,48,10,8,6>Smith Street Station. Say that five times - fast. Segway....five times five is 25, which is the minimum age for entrance. Sorry, kids. Yes, it is ageist-ish. Deal. Everyone I've told about this fact light up with intrigue? Relief? Both.I love the fact that I can sit in my living room, and have deliciousness served to me by my favorite people! The atmosphere is so cozy, classy and comfortable. There are televisions available for those that can't do without, but it's hidden away for those who can. Mark and his staff are the real deal. Friendly, genuine and great company. En Fuego has been the only drink I've had, and quite frankly it may stay that way. They have a great menu of craft cocktails, but En Fuego is a ridiculous mouth party where margaritas and jalepenos had a baby and named it "Awesome". Don't judge until you've tried it. Deliciouso! Be sure to try the Whiskey Caramel Nuts, too. Mark has amazing nuts....um. Anyway.... I'll see you there!!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/15/2012,200,204,5,7,6>Many moons ago, when me and my then fiance, current wife were trying to fill some shelves in the house, we started scouring newspapers and neighborhood signs and the internets for anything resembling book sales.  Book sales from libraries were the usual culprit and ended up becoming a regular visitor to booksalefinder.com .  These book sales usually touted bag or box sales on the last day for anywhere from $1 to $5, depending on the size of your book receptacle.  The great thing with these sales were the finds, and the quantity of books you could take home for literally, a couple of fazools, a few simoleons.  The trouble with this was a quallity vs. quantity issue.  Sure, you could get hundreds of books in an hour, and great titles at that.  But they will probably be very dog-eared. possibly covered in that graying plastic book cover crap, and will be guaranteed to have that old and moldy library odor we all know and love.  Another issue is with booksellers.  People who walk around with software installed on their smartphones in order to scan isbn numbers and quickly and wretchedly figured out what books were worth what, so that they could find books with higher values, and horde all of said titles, or sometimes, they would hide piles of books under tables in order to buy them all on bag/box sale day, pretty much stealing from the library in order to make money for themselves.  There was a very small percentage of booksellers that we've ever encountered that were polite or not socially awkward.  They always seems like they're allergic to the sun and manners.  Not all of them, just a whole lot of 'em.  They are the bane of the library sale, and they are the reason that a lot of booksellers ban scanners/smartphone usage/hording during a sale.  Until one day, we heard a commercial for the store on the radio.  We'd both been familiar with the presence of said store, namely, the Skokie location in Village Crossing from when we both lived in the city.  Having never actually entered one of these stores, our interests were suddenly piqued with the possibility of finding books without book covers on them, or library due date cards on the inside of the covers.  One fateful day, we entered the Palatine location on our virgin voyage into the world of the civilized book buyer.  Yes, an oasis where nary a scanner would be in sight to ruin the experience of a great find.  Half Price Books has all of their books categorized and sub-categorized, making it easy to find whatever you need for your reading pleasure.  They may as well call it Half Price Media, they carry music, movies, books on tape, magazines, even board games, video games...It's the kind of place you can get lost in for hours on end, especially in the Clearance section where the books tend to run from $1 to $3 depending on the store location and the type of book(mass market paperback, trade paper, or hardcover).  Of the close to one thousand books and four hundred Blu-Rays and TV box sets that line the shelves in our house(I had to build custom shelves under our now unusable breakfast bar in order to find a place to properly stash books and movies), I'd say 70% are from various Half Price Books locations, but most of them have come from Palatine, which I think has the best combination of pricing and selection, along with being the closest to our house.  Happy hunting!  Hope you enjoy the journey as much as we do...
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/14/2012,850,1294,14,15,15>Now that I'm the Yelp Duchess and the foursquare Mayor of La Placita Taqueria, I feel it's my duty to let the commoners (I mean, fellow Yelp/4sq peers) in on a little secret. This is the best taqueria in the suburbs. It could probably even compete for best taqueria in all of Chicagoland, but that's just my not-so-humble opinion.There have been days, I'm ashamed to admit, that I've stopped into this little taco joint twice. I come for lunch (after having already eaten here the previous night) and then find myself returning in the evening for more Mexican. I can't get enough of them and it's quickly turned into a habit I can't break. I might feel worse about it if this were an expensive addiction to have, but the prices are so low that I don't even think twice about forking over my money.My boyfriend pretty much always orders the chorizo burrito and once tried a torta. He has nothing but wonderful things to say about them. I, on the other hand, am a taco girl. I don't like to commit to one flavor for too long, so ordering up three tacos with different meats has me in heaven. I typically get al carbon, lengua and carnitas on Saturday/Sunday. Carnitas are only available on weekends, so during the week I try a couple different ones. I've had the ribeye and it was very good. Chorizo isn't bad either. I've found the food is slightly better on the weekends, but only marginally.One of the amazing things about La Placita is that even when they do it "wrong," it comes out so right. I like it when the meat is fresh and juicy, but sometimes they overcook it a bit. It still tastes fan-friggen-tastic. I've also had some orders that have been lost in translation. For example, I made the mistake of ordering one taco and saying the ingredients I wanted and then ordering a second taco and asking for them to also make it with the onions and cilantro. I ended up with a taco with the first set of ingredients and another taco with the second request. I still ate them and they were all still amazing. I've also been given a taco dinner when I only wanted three tacos and I don't hold it against them at all because the price difference was incredibly reasonable and the beans and rice are perfect!I could go on and on in this review about how much I love them, but lunch time is fast approaching and I think I'm heading back here to get my taco fix.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,11/13/2012,46,197,4,6,4>Lilacia Park is a wonderful place year round though it is most spectacular, as its name implies, during lilac season. In peak season, typically but not necessarily early May, not only are the 700+ (or 1200, depending on your source) lilacs blooming, but also crabapple trees, tulips, daffodils, scilla, muscari, hyacinths and more. The fragrance is heavenly! I come to this small park in all seasons. The Lombard Park District does an excellent job keeping the park clean, green, and thriving. There are fewer visitors to the park in summer, fall, and winter so it's a peaceful escape disturbed only by nearby Metra trains. Lilacia Park is enchanting after a snowfall.If you have the opportunity, do visit during lilac season. Mother Nature is fickle and lilac blooms are subject to her whims, so talk to the locals before you make a long trip to see the blooms. Or if you live nearby visit often, then you'll be certain not to miss the colorful and fragrant spring show.Lilacia Park was originally part of the estate of Colonel William R. Plum, a telegraph officer in the Civil War. He bequeathed his land and collection of lilacs to the people of Lombard for a public park and his house for a free public library. Lilacia Park is adjacent to the Helen M. Plum Memorial Library. In 1929 the land was designed into a park by renowned landscape architect Jens Jensen.Lombard proclaims Lilac Time for two weeks every May (no matter what the lilac blooms are doing) and celebrates with a Lilac Festival complete with Lilac Queen & Princesses, a Lilac Ball, and the Lilac Parade. There are many public events including beer & wine tastings in the park, a 5K run, the Mutt Strut, a pancake breakfast, lilac sales, tours, and more.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,11/12/2012,29,60,3,8,6>Took a walk on the wild side and tried Poblano with my fam yesterday instead of the usual bland sandwich/salad lunch... thank guhness for a little excitement!!The restaurant was very cheery with big, colorful, paper lanterns hung from the ceiling at which my nephew kept pointing. Points for keeping the little one entertained while we looked over the menu! It is fairly spacious and would be a great place to bring a group for dinner.The chips were greasy, very crispy and filled with air-pockets... delicious! The salsa was thin and mild and also fantastic. I ordered three tacos: the asada, Al Pastor, and Cochinita Pibil, which were all good, but the asada and Al Pastor were my favorite. Our waiter was very sweet and refilled our glasses often. He and the other man working (probably the manager) made sure everything was well with our food and that we were enjoying our time at the restaurant. I will def be back soon, most likely on a Monday when my work-week needs a little kick-start.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,11/11/2012,52,231,5,4,3>I was happy with the service and food here. I have been to China and the meal was as good as some I had in that country.Several of our party were late and the waiters were understanding and offered drinks and appetizers while we waited. They were very informative about how they make the Peking duck also.The bill was $140 for 3 beers, 2 bottles of wine, a Peking duck, 2 entrees, and 3 appetizers. We ordered the duck- EXCELLENT, the orange beef- EXCELLENT (and crispy) and the curry shimp. ( I  don't eat shimp but my friends seemed happy.)I really loved the egg rolls. I typically don't like them. But these were chispy without being oily and limp.The green onion pancakes were too thick I think, but my husband thought they were great. I agree with the other reviews that "spicy" means spicy!However, we didn't receive fortune cookies, not a problem for me, but my husband was incouselable and cried all the way home. I had to buy him ice cream on the way home to stem the tears. Rocky Road with a side of choculate chip!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/10/2012,70,159,6,6,6>I have a minor confession to make ... I know a cupcake smuggler.She operates within the city, waiting for the mysterious green truck to arrive at the designated time, picks up the willing bits of contraband and hustles off into the alleyways. Maybe it's not a major offense but I think transport of these little cupcakes so robustly protected in their plastic shells between counties feels so ... illegal.You may have heard of these before: Reese's Pieces, Lemon Supreme Pie, Strawberry Banana, Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Pistachio, Banana Cream Pie, Sweet Potato Pie and the legendary Elvis, a glorious confection built sturdily on a banana cake base generously topped with peanut butter frosting and a crispy slice of bacon. I've heard you could OD on one of these so I'll keep my serving dose to one for now.At this point my supplier and I have made the exchange. I look around nervously before I pause to inhale the Elvis. I am overcome with so much inexplicable guilt. This is all very good, very, very good.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,11/9/2012,74,502,7,11,8>I am so glad that I finally got to try Bigby's. They have a bazillion glowing reviews and I'm always hearing fellow yelpers talk about Bigby's. I live fairly close so it's a mystery why I haven't been here sooner.We arrived before any crowds on a Saturday night and we were promptly asked (by the owner I'm guessing) if we've ever been. Once he found out we were newbies, he explained the craft beer voting process and their current selections. He also pointed out the beers on tap and wine menu. There are TONS of drinks to choose from. They also have a small selection of flat breads, pizza, cheese platters and desserts as well. We were with a group so we ended up ordering a few pizzas, mainly the Bigby's Hawaiian which did not disappoint. For dessert, we tried the Smores Pizza since I heard so much about it on here. It didn't disappoint either, definitely would order again. The prices are pretty reasonable and they also offer a beer or wine flight for a pretty good bargain.The place overall has a really cool, cozy vibe. The area itself isn't that large but it never got overly crowded. There is an outdoor seating area as well, weather permitting. They have tons of board games to choose from and I also spied an original Nintendo remote control hanging from the projection screen which leads me to believe you can play a mean game of Mario sometime....maybe only during the week?I've heard that they also host trivia nights and I definitely would be interested in that...just need to find out when.We had a great time at Bigby's. The drinks were flowing, the prices were right, service was great and the atmosphere was inviting.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,11/8/2012,273,603,9,11,11>Happy Elephant just makes me happy!  Both carry out and eating in have filled my tummy with some pretty rocking Thai cuisine!  The husband and wife owners are super sweet and genuinely happy to be there to serve you their (read: her - she's the chef) homemade dishes. He is the the smiling guy at the front of the house. Doing a little bit of everything to make the visit enjoyable. You want an example?  I'll give you a good one...I placed an order to pick up at a specific time. It wasn't quite ready as there had been a rush just prior. We chatted away for a few minutes and then I kept myself busy waiting. He reappeared with an iced coffee on the house. Ready for it?  I quit caffeine, so I couldn't drink it. Here's my sad panda, err, elephant face :-( I ask if it's caffeinated and learn that it is. I mention my lifestyle change aka no pop/no caffeine anymore. He tells me to go ahead and take it back to the office for someone else to enjoy. Thanks!  When my order arrives, he hands me a bottle of water. Fast forward to today...he brings me water when dining in without a question. He remembered. And even if he didn't, it makes for a nice Yelp story. So just hush and smile. :-) And then head to Happy Elephant for the homemade crab Rangoon, homemade dipping sauce (yum!), basil chicken, sweet and sour wraps and peanuty thai chicken with carrots and broccoli. Oh yeah, it is a cozy place if you eat in just so you're aware. But no complaints from me.  By the end of today's lunch, I was chatting with the lovely ladies from an apartment rental office nearby. One of the gals ended up ordering a crab Rangoon to go based on my rave reviews. She ate one before leaving (so she could make my Yelp review, of course!) and she said it was delicious. Success!  Another Happy Elephant customer!!!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,11/7/2012,261,335,6,9,7>Was I having lunch with a lawyer? YesAm I a lawyer? NoWas I dressed like a lawyer? Fortunately, yes.It's a good thing too: for a second I thought some sort of surveillance camera, with the ability to detect barristers from non, would sound off when I entered the place.Fear not, this little diner is a charming cross between a Ma and Pa kitchen, a bank, a law library, a conference room, and a judge's chamber. From the lighting, to the clientele rolling in after court session down the road, to the art work, to the "supreme court-like columns" it has atmosphere.It also has very good service and very good food! We managed a 2-seater booth for lunch and I really enjoyed my spinach feta pie. Great flavor and it came with a nice portion of fresh, fresh fruit. My friend had one of their lunch/dinner specials: artichoke and chicken linguine. I grabbed a taste; also very good. There were also about 4-5 different types of fresh soup, as well as 5-10 types of desserts; carrot cake looked good, as did the homemade apple pie.From the tons of stacked up "to go" containers, I suspect that is a massive additional draw here at The Verdict. I mean, do lawyers really have time for lunch? Should they have time for lunch? I don't think Tom Cruise ever had time for more than a sandwich, but every firm seems to be different. My verdict on this place: I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/6/2012,298,465,5,9,8>I've been in here a few times checking out their items and left pretty impressed each time!  This is a super cute little store in the nostalgic strip of businesses right along the Prairie Path at Park and Ardmore.  LOVE the location, it just feels like old school VP to me, which I love!  And then you walk in and the store itself is super cute, as well!  This is a consignment store that sells baby and kids stuff (clothes, books, toys, essentials) as well as maternity clothing and diaper bags.  The products that I checked out were in good condition and I even snagged a great deal on a Petunia Pickle Bottom wristlet...HOLLA! =]They also carry some locally made items like a cup line made out of mason jars which I absolutely LOVEEEE!!  I bought 2!  You can even talk to the owner about renting the storefront out for small events (probably geared towards women since it's mostly kids stuff).If you are in the area and are looking for a bargain on some gently used kids stuff...check out BBB!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,11/5/2012,160,353,5,9,5>Wow.  This place was great.When they opened this seafood buffet earlier this year the lines going in were huge.  The reviews back then were not so good with mentions of them running out of food, etc.But, they really have gotten their act together.  We didn't realize that Wednesday nights were Lobster nights so it was a nice surprise.This is not your typical Chinese buffet.  Seafood abounds - freshly made sushi of all different shapes and sizes, shellfish of every kind imaginable; a Mongolian stir fry;  Dim Sum, traditional Chinese buffet fare and all different kinds of fresh fruit and desert pastries - and even a cotton candy machine!Four trips to the buffet and I hit a brick wall.  Food coma came on fast.Now, I said this was not a typical buffet.  The place was very large and well lit and it was clean.  Some of the food was a little too exotic for my tastes, and i can be adventurous.  But, aside from one serving of something I tried that I didn't find too appealing, it was really an outstanding place.  At $20 per person for all you can eat seafood, it was also a great value.Definitely on my "will return soon" list.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,11/4/2012,760,671,5,7,6>I came here with a group of co-workers during an extended lunch period. We didn't know where to go and looked up a couple Thai and Indian restaurants in the area. Their $5.99 lunch special sealed the deal. Two people in our group also never had Thai food before so it was going to be a good experience.Thai Thanee is a lovely little restaurant tucked away near the end of a strip mall that suddenly appears after driving through tons of residential areas. At noon on a Wednesday, there was no one there except one staff member (I assume there were more people in the back, but we never saw them). I was kind of surprised that we were the only people dining here. Oh well, more space for us!We all ordered something different from the lunch special menu: an entree, a soup, two mini egg rolls, and a side of white rice. The soup (I forget what it was) was spicy, but good. The egg rolls were great!! I've never had egg rolls that I actually liked before (I tend to avoid them) and I was scarfing these down. Sweet. My lunch was the Pad Woon Sen with Tofu -- it was delicious and just the right amount! I was a happy luncher. I think my co-workers were too (the two that never had Thai before enjoyed their dishes). I felt satisfied when I left -- good price, good food, good company.Although I had a good experience, this is one of those places that makes you feel like you have to come back at another time to try a different dish in order to really know what its like here. So, I'll come back if I find myself near here again!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/3/2012,49,309,6,7,5>Fat kids love cake. And I, my friends, would be a fat kid. At least at heart.My husband came home two days in a row insisting we go buy a chocolate filled half moon for no reason. Clearly, priorities are set in our house and chocolate filled pastries are one of them.We loved this place. We're thrilled that it's within walking distance to our house. I have no idea how long it's been open, but no longer than a month... for sure!They sell cookies, those Polish ones and many others ($.50/ea), cupcakes ($3/ea), mini cupcakes ($1.50/ea), various breads and sweet rolls and full cakes and cake slices and cheesecakes and ohmygoodness, y'all, why is there a delicious bakery near my house that I've now walked to TWICE in the last week?They also have drinks and coffees to wash it all down with.I know they do weddings as I saw someone flipping through those books while there the first time... I grabbed a card and in case you're interested, the wedding # is (630) 363-9647. I promise I don't know these people and don't work for the joint... I just happen to have their business card right next to me because I may or may not be obsessed with the fact that there. is. a. bakery. near. my. house. And near my fave Chinese joint. I mean, lucky, right?Go there. It's delicious and I'd really like you people to help me keep it in business. Because, like I said, we're fat kids and fat kids need cake.We were in there tonight, though, and 4 other patron groups came in while we were there for all of 5 minutes. And the other day, same thing. Maybe it's because it's delish or maybe it's a novelty, but I hope not.Tried the cookies and a chocolate filled half moon and all were worthy of praise.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/2/2012,78,586,4,9,5>Decided to give this place another shot as I had friends coming in from out of town, so we decided to meet to go bowling here and grab some food. Unfortunately, due to a delayed flight one of them arrived later than expected, so we had to forgo the bowling but still opted for some food and drinks. Andrew was our server and he went out of his way to ensure we received great service. He thoroughly went over the menu with us, and when he finished, we decided to opt for some nachos while we were waiting for the last member of our party to arrive at O'Hare. The nachos were great - just what the Dr ordered. While we were there, John, one of the managers approached us and offered to bring us one of the house specialty appetizers. An offer we couldn't refuse, and we received an order of their "backwards type burger" which is burger meat in an eggroll, with slices of tomato and onion alongside it, all within a small lettuce wrap. Comes with a dipping sauce, and I must say that the combination of all of the above was really good. When the last person in our party arrived, he ordered a burger that came with the fries that I wasn't too happy with on my previous visit. He was fine with them, so maybe I'm the exception rather than the rule.The parking is still a puzzle there to people who haven't visited the Entertainment District - but that's not the fault of the business - the village needs to do a better job of posting directions and signage around the garage. Overall, this visit was much better than my last one - I will be back to bowl at some point, hopefully soon.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,11/1/2012,157,219,9,14,10>There are several things on my list of "I don't do's"I don't eat cherry-flavored gummy bearsI don't wear sandals with socksI don't run unless I'm being chased (and even then, I'd rather hide)andI don't work outCue Weight Watchers, Groupon, and Center Fit, where *shocker* I found something awesome.As a WW member, it's been a while since I've really needed to start working out, but it's pretty tough. Even the Wii Fit hurts my bod--thank you to years of cheerleading and injuries for my arthritis and loosey goosey ligaments/tendons (yes, that IS the technical term that the orthopedic surgeon provided me with). So I watch Groupon for fitness deals, because I'm a deal hound like that. One day, I see a deal for True Health Studio.  "Hmmm" I say to myself...let's see, shall we? Zumba? Fun! Kettlebells? COOL! Sledge hammers and giant tires? HELL YES! But wait...I can't do any of that...It will hurt.  *sad face*Restoring movement? Now we're talking. Two weeks in and I'm hooked. Steve runs the class as a group personal training, where routines are personalized for each individual in a small group setting. His knowledge of the body and how we move is phenomenal. Rock. On. No pain, no gain? Not in this class. The goal is not to push too far, but to go just far enough to move more the next day. After day one, I was still a little sore, but I wasn't in pain and I was excited to return. I leave each session with a smile on my face knowing that my body is getting stronger and that one day I WILL get to play with sledge hammers and kettlebells.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,10/31/2012,316,231,5,7,4>Oh.my.God. that bowl of Pho definitely hit the spot.  Background on me: I'm from Los Angeles, CA where we have small neighborhoods like "Little Saigon".  I grew up on pho.After having Vietnam Bistro the week before, I was awfully disappointed. Who serves lettuce on the plate of vegetables to go with your bowl of pho? Remembering I went to Pho Le before, I decided to return.  Best decision ever because as soon as I walked into this restaurant, great experience all around.The waiter is such a jokester!  but I think that's what makes this restaurant feel like a place you visit old family.  My ultimate go-to pho is Pho Tai.  As soon as it came out, it literally was a bowl of pho from my childhood.  Great broth, good portion of noodles with beef.  My vegetable plate had everything that's suppose to be there (not 2 pieces of lettuce).I think I'll make this a regular thing.  I'll be here every Wednesday before my volunteering shift.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,10/29/2012,27,211,5,22,10>Five stars for sure!  We live walking distance from this business and have been anxiously awaiting their opening this spring.  We went on opening day and my 1 year old son had a blast!  The play area is closed in so you can feel confident your little one won't get into anything dangerous or make any sort of dramatic exit.  They have a very cute section closed off for crawlers so you don't have to worry about the big kids getting in their way.  My son is a walker and loved being out in the open area with the big kids.  His favorite spots are the play kitchen and the play grill.  We have been a couple times now and really enjoy the space.  The coffee is delicious as well!We also had my son's first birthday party here as well this past weekend.  The event planner, Bre, was a pleasure to work with and put together a fantastic party.  All we had to do was show up with a cake.  So easy and stress-free!  Our friends all loved the space and my son's buddies, ranging from age 1 - 4, had a fantastic time playing in the playspace.  Definitely recommend Cafe N Play and so happy to have them in the neighborhood!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,10/28/2012,79,108,3,10,2>As The Dude and I were leaving Aodake last night, he uttered what I'm sure the peeps at this place love to hear: "You know, I think I like this better than Benihana!" This isn't some carelessly flung around statement. My family loves Benihana. It's where we go when there's a birthday. It's our go-to place for celebrations. It's where we go when there's any little occasion, like two or more of us being in Lombard at the same time. To us, Benihana is Mecca and we must make regular pilgrimages. However, a friend of mine raves about Aodake, and when I saw they had a Groupon, I snagged it. The deal was for $30 worth of food and a large Sapporo beer (large enough for the two of us to split!). Their prices are lower than Benihana's, so we were able to get two orders of the hibachi vegetables and two veggie rolls for $30. Heck of a deal. So how do the hibachi courses at Aodake and Benihana stack up? 1. Soup: Advantage Aodake. While basically the same soup, Aodake's broth is more flavorful. 2. Salad: Benihana FTW. I just can't get enough of their ginger dressing. Aodake's dressing is a bit creamier, which isn't a bad thing. 3. Shrimp appetizer: It's a tie. I get more shrimp at Benihana, but Aodake's are better seasoned. 4: Fried rice: I prefer Aodake's. It felt like it retained a bit more flavor from the grill. And I liked that all meals came with the fried rice rather than being charged for the upgrade (though I did pay an extra buck to have chicken added to mine). 5. Dipping sauces: Sorry, Aodake, I have to go with Benihana on this one. I crave their ginger sauce like crack. Aodake's mayo-based sauce was yummy as well, though. It was even good with my sushi. When it comes to the main meals, I don't have an apples-to-apples comparison. The Dude and I usually get the Tofu Steak at Benihana. At Aodake, we chose the hibachi vegetables (a great deal at $10.95). We got giant piles of veggies and I had a full meal left over for lunch today. Oh, and I love that they shoot sake into the mouths of people at the table. I was actually able to hold more in my mouth than anyone else at our table. Don't read too far into that, please. We'll definitely be back. At these great prices, we don't need an "occasion" to go to out for hibachi!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,10/27/2012,69,95,9,4,6>I can't help but think of violent projectile diarrhea whenever i think of  buffets. I'm sure this is a common sentiment, i mean, they're not the most majestic of restaurants. I also don't trust any place with a sneeze guard, those things are flimsier than Donald Trump's comb over, and just thinking that masses of people have been collectively breathing onto my food just grosses me out. So i came here with the fam. I was like, what the hell...... let's have some fun with the colon tonight... let's have a little party, it'll be the the shit! My initial impression of the outside of this restaurant was underwhelming. It was a bit sketch, kinda tiny, could have been an ex-garage or something, looked like it possible could have smelled, etc..Inside: Whoa. Not anything like what i imagined. Very clean, spacious, lots of food, lots of tables. Damn. The sushi selection is extensive and there's a mixture of chinease, korean, and japanese food. I loaded up on kim-chi and it was delicious. Overall, the food impressed me. It wasn't greasy, it had good flavor,and the food was fresh. Wasn't a fan of the crab i had because it was really slimy, but ya can't win em all over. Also, Lunch special $6.99 and dinner is $7.99. So good and it's such a steal. Good meal and i didn't have to clutch onto the toilet paper a few hours after. Winning.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/26/2012,100,106,4,5,6>Biggest. Portions. Ever. I might have been able to eat all of it back in the day when I ate more than I should, but this will easily last me two meals and a snack.The menu is freaking ginormous. I think it's about as long as Harry Potter. It's good for those of us who like to eat with our eyes first, as they have pictures of all of the menu items. Once I spent what seemed to be an hour pouring over the menu, I got the Buddhist Delight. It's a bunch of mixed vegetables (mushrooms, carrots, baby corn, water chesnuts, etc) and tofu in a sauce. It seemed healthy at the time, but I figured that there was a ton of oil in the sauce. A tad too salty for my taste, but still good. I asked for brown rice instead of white, but they didn't have any.Since everyone raved over the bubble teas, I decided to get one. I was disappointed that they didn't have skim milk for the teas (and only used half and half!!!!) so I got a Mango Green Tea without milk and with tapioca. This is probably the best tapioca I've had. It's soft, sweet and delicious!Overall, good price for huge portions. Be sure to come a little before or after the lunch rush, as it can get pretty packed.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/25/2012,65,197,5,9,5>YAY!  I thought I would miss Peep's (well I kinda do but it was closer than Gene & Judes) but this place rocks!!!!!  Really cute decor CLEAN and most of all the staff is great.  coffee and water always refilled.  Quick to smile and chat if you want, or just refill and smile and stay out of your conversation if you don't.I love that it is only breakfast and lunch because it is better to do a few things great than a lot of things so-so.I met a friend so I only wanted something light (already had my power shake) so I had the cottage cheese and fruit.  I never know what to expect when it just says fruit, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was FRESH blueberries, strawberries and bananas.  For $1.50, seriously.  I am not advocating that they raise their prices, because there are a lot of locals that come here and that may put them off, but to find a gem like this is difficult.They are family owned and staffed so they really care when they ask "is everything OK?".My new go to for breakfast!  Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/24/2012,160,525,3,12,7>The outside of this place is very deceiving. The inside is a super cure cozy cafe like setting. I'll start with the staff. The father (owner) was cooking and we had the pleasure of being waited on by his daughter. This is some of the best service I have had in a really long time! We were really treated like family here. The BF ordered a gyros plate with fries- yum! I scored a few bites and it was great! I ordered a steak shish-ka-bob that came with rice, peas, soup and rice pudding! I can't remember the exact price but I believe it was something like $14- so cheap! Normally I'd recommend splitting this portion into 2 meals- I couldn't stop myself and ended up being stuffed for days! The steak was some of the best seasoned meat I've ever eaten! The menu is surprisingly large and all of the prices are reasonable. This cute little place shouldn't be missed!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,10/23/2012,16,40,10,9,9>A quick glance at my fledgling list of reviews will leave you with one, simple conclusion - I enjoy a good beer. However, Flight and its staff delivered a 1-2 punch to my hoppy fanaticism. When we arrived, the place was empty save a lone couple at the end of the bar, and my spidey sense kicked into overdrive. Nevertheless, I ignored my trepidation and took my seat at the bar where i was quickly handed a menu. The wine list was of course filled with hundreds of wines I had neither heard of nor could pronounce, but sitting on the first page was a hard-find-favorite of mine. I immediately started to warm up to the place.As I enjoyed my selection, the bartender sampled several different wines to my friend who eagerly accepted the opportunity. When she had finally found a suitable vintage, the bartender informed me that he would like me to try a new bottle they had received on the house - um, yes please. He poured me a full glass, and it was outstanding. Better than my coveted, first selection. I started to love the place.The rest of the night continued under our bartenders guidance, and we enjoyed 2-3 more glasses of new favorites over great conversation. Turns out we both had a lot in common with our now private bartender, so he cranked up his 90's play list on Pandora and swapped stories with us all night. As the night concluded, we asked for our check, which came out to $29 for 7 glasses of wine and a lava cake. Instantly head-over-heals!Overall, Flight was an amazing experience for this beer fanatic. I was introduced to several new favorite vintages and laughed a majority of the night. I will certainly return.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,10/22/2012,123,246,7,11,10>I'm honestly disappointed in myself for not making more of an effort to check this place out in the past. This was one of those places that I kept putting off while doing more expensive and much less fun things. This place provided me with one of the best truly down-to-earth fun times I've ever had.Cascade is hands down the BEST value for clean, good ol' American fun. At one time the US was covered with drive-in theaters but only about 400 exist today and it's a shame. How else can you share the camaraderie by taking up massive amounts of space with all the vehicles together while watching a movie on a gigantic screen in the privacy of your own car? This is what I call ingenious excess.It only costs $9 per person for BOTH movies that show that night! They don't play crappy older films that have been out for a while either. Up to date brand spankin' new features are brilliantly displayed on a massive screen high above the lot for a great view from all locations all underneath a starry sky. I don't think it can get much more romantic for the budget conscious. Or the financially able either. Even the kids love it and you don't have to worry about your toddler causing a scene since you can take care of your loud child inside the confines of your own car WHILE watching the movie! It's a win-win-win situation. Wanna know what the best part is? You can bring your own food and drink in. That's right folks. None of that "No outside food or drink" bullchit we are so used to seeing. They even have grills up front for you to cook on!!! Is this place some sort of fairy wonder land??? Seriously, I don't understand how there isn't a months long reservation list just to get in the place. I honestly think it's because people just don't know the level of awesome this place has achieved. This chit is Level Chuck Norris. There is one exception, however. There is a hot dog/burger joint called Scooby's right next door and Cascade must have some sort of feud going on with them because there are signs clearly posted at the entrance gate that Scooby's is NOT allowed. Like, automatically disqualified to enter the Promised Land if you dare bring a single fry from Scooby's in. Don't do it.Now, the pre-movie rules state, among other things, that no alcoholic beverages are allowed. I didn't know about this because I assumed it was okay after reading other reviews so I brought in a large cooler with practically a whole bar in that mother. I was pouring cocktails out the back of my trunk for an entire hour before the first show (btw the gates open an hour before the show so you can pick a spot and tailgate) and nobody said a word. I also saw more than a few parties drinking beer out of cans and bottles. Now, obviously, there were no sideways straight bill hat wearing kegger douchebags pulling kegstands, shotguns, or beer bongs because it is, after all, a family atmosphere. I'm fairly certain that the lone security guard that I saw looks the other way if you're not being a complete dumbass about it so don't ruin it for the rest of us who enjoys a drink or 6 while watching two feature length film back to back. The last time I went, I went so far as to pour all my drinks in to a plastic cup to make it less obvious. Discretion is advised.The first time we went it was a little chilly out so we opted to stay in the car with the windows rolled up and my glorious sound system blasting. It was epic to say the least. You can tune in via FM radio or use the little sound boxes located at each parking spot to listen in on the action. If you're like me, you'll be cranking the sounds up to really experience every nuance of a good action flick. Just remember to start your car up every now and then to charge your battery.The second time the weather was great so we brought folding chairs to set up in front of our car to watch the show under the beautiful starry night sky. Obviously the sound wasn't the best but we loved it just as much. Why? I was allowed to smoke my cigar and pipe the entire time. Now, be mindful of your neighbors when you do this as it can be quite offensive even though you can smoke outside. Common courtesy and all. The little box speakers were adequate in relaying the sound to us just fine.The whole experience is heart-achingly wonderful. They play 50s tunes over the air and on the boxes before the show starts and then complete the experience by displaying retro ads on screen before the movie starts and during the intermission. It makes me wish I had a '57 Chevy, greased back hair with tight blue jeans and a white t-shirt complete with a pack of smokes rolled up in the sleeve to match the vibe whenever I come here. Having my best gal dressed in a full billowy skirt would be the cherry on my sundae.There are few experiences as transcending as spending an evening participating in a great American pastime. If you haven't been to a drive-in before, then try Cascade out. I guarantee you'll have a great time.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,10/21/2012,68,183,5,12,4>A family event was fast approaching and my roots were awful so I called Salon Sophia on Thursday and was able to get in on Good Friday for a cut and color with Elise. Now, I like to go to a different salon in the western suburbs each time, tell a random stylist an idea of the what I want with the color and let her/him do whatever she wants with my thick, course, curly hair. This is fun and exciting. The moment I saw Elise I knew I was in the right place! She had a fabulous vibrant red that complimented her olive skin tone marvelously. I was looking for a big change so we decided on a wine, purple color. My hair took this color fabulously! I had some bleached out highlights from the last color, which I called fall changing leaves, so the single color process actually has quite a bit of dimension. On to the cut...Elise has naturally curly thick hair herself. We talked about different ways to get rid of some of the weight and to change the framing of my face. Again, I let her do what she pleased. My hair is lighter than ever! We talked about various hair products and care for curly hair. This alone is hard to come by and I loved every second of it! I would mos def go back to her. Pro-tip! Check Groupon NOW! before going. Since Salon Sophia is new, I was able to grab a $30 haircut instead of the normal $45.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,10/20/2012,78,284,4,8,5>I love love love the Arboretum! Having lived in the South suburbs my whole life, my family and I never ventured off into the Western 'burbs and Lisle sounded super far. My boyfriend, who is from the W. burbs told me about the arboretum and I knew I had to go.We had a Groupon for $5/person. It was a pretty hot day, but with some water and sunblock, it was still enjoyable. It felt like we biked the entire place but we may have just biked one really long path. Zooming along paths through hundreds of unbelievably tall trees was such a great feeling. There's some attraction along one of the paths called the BIG rock or something to that effect. You have to walk a trail (they have easy and medium/hard paths) to get to it as it is in the middle of the forest. Holy mosquitoes! Bugs were flying everywhere and I was getting eaten alive, which isn't the best for me since I'm allergic. We finally got to the rock and it was hilariously medium sized. I was like "This is it?" So uh, it's not worth looking at. Just a heads up.The rest of the arboretum is amazing. There is a prairie full of wild flowers that you can walk through, though there seemed to be no visible path. We made our own but had to stop eventually because it was completely flooded (it had rained a ton earlier that week). On our way back to our bikes I saw something that made the whole day worth it: deer! We were walking a path, not even paying attention, when we looked up and saw two deer directly in front of us. We stopped and had a staring contest and then they just cautiously walked across and into the woods. It was honestly breathtaking. I've never been that close to a deer. Respect nature and it will give you so much back in return.I can't wait to go back to the arboretum. It's the type of place you can go to any season because of how different everything will look. A seriously great place if you're a nature lover.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,10/19/2012,52,179,32,204,126>Now this is how a service should be! Jason, the owner, came out to my apartment on Friday and sprayed for a few different things, silver fish (disgusting), spiders (they love my $%&^ balcony) and noticed ants by my door and front step.A friend of mine and I were just BS'ing and I mentioned the silverfish and he said the normal "I got a guy" so I figured I'd call his guy and give it a shot. Checked him out on Yelp and saw the deal he had going too, that helped a lot (props to the Yelp app!)! Jason was very professional, told me exactly what he'd do and followed through promptly... And he has my kinda humor too haha! Oh, and the no contract? Thanks! I was getting tired of these other placing giving me a good quote and then saying they need multiple trips and a contract.It's only been a few days since he treated and I am not seeing ANYTHING. And now my girlfriend won't be able to make me kill spiders and silverfish every other day! Already got my mom scheduled for her ant problems!FYI, Cash or check only! (Said he can do credit cards soon, but not quite yet.)
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/18/2012,172,128,2,8,4>WOW I didn't know home-made tortillas could be so good! I don't know if I'll be going anywhere else for steak tacos.I had to meet some one and he suggested this place, and I'm glad he did because I didn't know this place even existed. I ended up ordering 2 tacos, chicken & steak for $2 each. The owner and I had a conversation about the different recipes he's been trying for the chicken and said he'd be changing it a little, but the steak was delicious = TRY THE STEAK TACOS! I also ordered the vanilla flan and literally could have died a happy woman. It is by far the best tasting flan I've ever had and just melts in your mouth. Overall, the friendliness of the place and the fantastic food will make me go out of my way to be a regular from now on!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,10/17/2012,178,231,4,7,5>FAMOUS FOR- Pancakes (or so they say)BUZZ- Designer StaffI TRIED:- Mexicana Skillet (10/10)- Espanola Omelette (6/10)- Buttermilk Pancakes (7/10)- Oreo S'mores Pancakes (7/10)Believe it or not, this place is in our lunch rotation...sorta. See, we only have an hour, so we don't have time to wait in line. That pretty much limits us to Monday-Thursdays, when the weather is depressing, before 11:15am. Anything outside of that, and this place is constantly packed! If we ever feel lucky, and decide to press that luck, it always ends with a beautiful and friendly hostess handing us a pager. Then, our lunch is ruined, and we go for $1.50 Hot Dog & Drink combos at Costco. Yeah, if that doesn't describe tragedy, I don't know what does (although, might I add, what an incredible price point!).So anyway, like a lot of people who wrote reviews, I'm not a breakfast person either; however, I really enjoy breakfast food. What does that mean? Well, I don't like the idea of waking up an hour earlier in the asscrack of dawn for the sake of eating, as opposed to getting the extra sleep and having a cereal bar instead. However, the idea of a breakfast skillet for lunch or the asscrack of dawn -- because we're still awake, OK (not that Wildberry is open that late)! MEXICANA SKILLETNow here's something you don't see at IHOP or Denny's! Chorizo, Jalapeños, Avocado, Onions, Cilantro, and Cheese. OMG, if you put those ingredients in anything, from popcorn to apple pie, you would have a winning dish! All of that is mixed in a bed of hashbrowns, and topped with a couple eggs. AND you get pancakes (or toast)!Chorizo obviously takes center stage here, flavors are sharp and lovely! And I need to give extra credit here, because chorizo is normally pretty salty and can be difficult to cook with, because you have to balance it so that your dish isn't too salty, but without smothering it. The rest of the ingredients blend so incredibly well, adding flavor, absorbing just enough of the seasoning, to make it an awesome dish! The onions are cooked perfectly (I hate raw onions) to have just enough flavor while not being mushy. The cilantro (I love cilantro) is spread across evenly, with that taste of freshness that only cilantro can bring. And the mixed in jalapeños give it a small but very welcomed kick too, of course, while offering its own flavors to the whole dish. I'm a Tabasco junkie, so after I sprinkle a few pints on every bite, OMG I'm-o In-o Heaven-o! (That's Spanish for all you uncultured folk!) Best Skillet Evar!ESPANOLA OMELETTESo, a lot of time went by since the first time, where I ordered the Mexicana, and I couldn't remember what I got. I knew the name was something Spanish/Mexican, but there's a freaking "Mexicana" and an "Espanola" in the menu. Fuuuuuu! I took a 50/50 chance, and picked Espanola. Wrong! It's basically the skillet, but in omelet form. Remember what I said about delicately balancing the Chorizo's seasoning? This is an example of adding too many other ingredients, thereby smothering the Chorizo's seasoning. Just tasted bland. The essence of some of the flavors lingered, but the seasoning was pretty much gone.BUTTERMILK PANCAKESI guess this is what they're famous for. In general, I think pancakes are swell. And other than Miss Shirley's Cafe in Baltimore, I think all pancakes rate the same. It's hard to mess 'em up.OREO PANCAKEI had been dieting for over 4 hours (um...before the skillet), so in a moment of weakness, I ordered the most undiet item on the menu. Pancakes are stuffed with marshmallow, and then even more is drizzled on top along with chocolate syrup and chips and Oreo crumbles. This is one of those things that look good on paper...but not so much on a pancake. The delicious toppings sort of take away from the pancake, and what you end up with is basically a side-grade from the regular pancakes with syrup.GO WILD!A solid place! The 5 star is for the Mexicana. I get a craving for that every now and then, and I've only seen the likes of it here. Like a lot of breakfast joints, just about anything you get here will probably be pretty good (though not 5 star good). I'd recommend this for anybody, not only because their food is good, but their menu is huge, so everyone'll probably find something to like on the menu.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,10/16/2012,223,313,12,11,9>The lady ain't joking when she warns you that the chicken is not just "hot", but "hot hot hot".  She's not messing around.  That chicken is kickin!First off, I love Korean fried chicken joints since they supply you with plastic gloves (it gets a bit messy).  Oh and the pickled daikon radish.  Some people really dislike the daikon, but it's a must for me.  They're tasty, plus they help your mouth cool off a little from the blazing hot sauce.  The chicken is fried crispy, but they're absolutely doused in their sweet and spicy sauce.  My friend and I split the #6 Hot Sweet & Spicy.  It definitely lived up to the lady's warning, but it was worth it.  I love spicy food, but I don't think I've sweat that much in a while!  On the way to the bathroom, I actually saw someone had left a hot sauce hand print on the wall.  I guess they couldn't handle the chicken and collapsed.$15.99 gets you an order of fried chicken and there are non-spicy options available, such as the marinated nuggets or sweet garlic.  Also the chicken is fried to order so it takes about 20 minutes, which gives you enough time to get groceries.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,10/15/2012,155,125,5,5,4>I had Russell's about a week ago for the first time in my life. I am a big fan of anything BBQ, and anything with BBQ sauce on it. I was pretty sure the constant praises my husband gave this place wouldn't live up to what I expected. Not only did Russell's live up to my expectations, but it blew them right out of the water!Why only 4 stars you ask? I was not able to view the actual restaurant and see how it is inside, I got takeout.I ordered the Jr. beef sandwich which was unbelievably huge! The portions are so big, I would hate to see a "regular" one! It comes cut in half. Now my husband picked it up on his way home from work, so I was expecting it to be a little cold and soggy. Not at all! They wrapped everything up so it stayed nice and toasty. My first bite of the beef sandwich was pure bliss. The beef is good, but the BBQ sauce is what definitely makes it! It's so tangy, with the right amount of spice. There is a lot of tastes that just can't be put into words. I was only able to shovel 3/4 of the sandwich into me before I was completely full. Keep in mind again that this is only a Jr! We also ordered the mac and cheese triangles. Let me just point out that it is extremely hard to find these now a days, and they are SO good! Definitely worth the little bit of a drive for me. Thankfully my husband picked up a bottle of BBQ sauce too since he was there, and so far I have marinated chicken breast's overnight in it and used it to grill steaks. It's a perfect touch for meat if you want to excite your taste buds. I will definitely be going to Russell's again, it's one of the best BBQ places I have ever ate at and I am not afraid to say that this place is my new food obsession!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,10/14/2012,112,483,4,9,7>Finally! A place to review "The Stairs", as opposed to the entire Cal Sag Trail system!The Stairs are an amazing workout. You can walk, you can run, and no matter what, the stairs will keep you working no matter what your pace.These are the stairs from the old toboggan slides that were taken down a few years back due to years of unuse. The stairs remain popular.  No vending machine or store here, so bring water. And bug spray. Large parking lot provides ample parking.  Open from sunup til sundown, and people are out here all year around.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,10/13/2012,10,40,2,12,2>My fiance and I were sad to see Grumpy Bulldog go, considering its epic beer selection. However, when I noticed that this place had opened up in the same spot I decided to give it a whirl. So glad I did! Let's start with beer. They've been open just 8 days but the beers on tap currently include:-Leinenkugel Summer Shandy-Allagash White-Ska Brewing's Modus Hoperandi-Arrogant Bastard-Two Brothers Domaine Dupage-Bell's Oberon-Kidnapped by Vikings (from Naperville's own Solemn Oath brewery)There were at least two or three others, though right now I don't recall which ones. Our server Sarah informed us that they will be adding more soon and may be swapping out some of the current ones as well. I'm not really into Scotch, but they do have a big selection of specialty Scotches available if that's your thing. OK, next up FOOD! The Bulldog didn't really have a lot to offer in that department, so I was delighted to see that Jackson Ave Pub has stepped it up considerably in that department. I'm vegetarian, and was delighted to find numerous salads, appetizers like pita chips & hummus or mac & cheese, potato salad, and much more. Plus, their extensive burger selection included a veggie burger option! For meat eaters like my fiance, you can enjoy either grass fed or angus burger with an incredible list of options and toppings. I went with the Greek burger on a pretzel bun--which was AMAZING! The veggie burger is topped with tomato, onion, feta cheese, and olive tapenade. Fiance had the smoky burger with a grass fed burger and loved it. We split the fries--they offer several varieties including Duck Fat, Sweet Potato, and House Fries; but our server told us about an option not yet on the menu: Parmesan Truffle! I gotta say, those were out of this world and I could eat myself to death and die happy with Parmesan Truffle Fries in my esophagus. The vibe is pretty low key, a welcome environment in contrast with meat market brofests like Features and Rizzo's. Most of the patrons when we went were middle aged, and the music playing via satellite radio included artists like The Shins and other acoustic/indie rock types that definitely didn't drown out conversation. There are a few TVs showing sports and an episode of some CBS crime procedural starring Leelee Sobieski; but overall the noise factor seems pretty low. Be prepared to park further away--it is downtown Naperville--or if you live in the neighborhood like we do, just walk to it. I am so excited for a new, classy but casual establishment that serves food and beers I love! I hope they do well and attract a small but faithful crowd of patrons.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/12/2012,58,179,17,18,14>I have been spending quite a bit of time at the pool this summer and one day on my way there I spotted Daddy O's Donuts along Sauk Trail.  I couldn't believe there was a donut shop we hadn't checked out.  Clearly I had been laying down on the job.  I had enough restraint to not cut across lanes of traffic to immediately get my fix, but I did tuck the idea away for a future treat.   A couple weeks later on our way to the pool, my mom and I stopped in.  It smelled wonderful and I wanted one of everything. I again practiced restraint and settled on one glazed and one red velvet.  Eating for two means two donuts, yes?  They were stupendous!  The glazed donut was hefty but still melted in my mouth and it wasn't over glazed.  The red velvet was also delicious; the cream cheese frosting was perfect.   I washed it all down with an ice cold carton of milk and I was grinning from ear to ear.  We then proceeded to the pool and I foolishly thought I could still do laps.  Hello! I just ate two donuts pre-swim.  What was I thinking????  I attempted a few laps, but I could barely get my head out of the water to breathe and ended up swallowing a bit too much pool water.   It was much safer to just lounge on the deck that day and work on my tan.  Believe me, the donut coma was totally worth it, but next time I am stopping in post-swim - and probably pre-nap.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,10/11/2012,92,360,8,13,6>Officially taking the title of "healthiest fast food anywhere near Carol Stream", House of Ancient Egypt / World of Wonders Egyptian Fast Food (I'm still not sure what the actual name of it is) is a good alternative to all that grease lining both sides of Gary Avenue just to the north.First of all, I'm really surprised they even opened. The building has been empty since a mediocre burger joint closed 3 or 4 years ago, then this place was under construction for the better part of the last 2 or 3 years. Suddenly they've broken out the "NOW OPEN" signs.Anyways, we were in a hurry and had a screaming baby, so I went through the drive through. I picked up a mango fruit cocktail smoothie whose name I couldn't say or remember, much less spell. I also got a Shwarma meal.The smoothie was excellent. Giant chunks of banana, strawberry and apple, along with more blended fruit (including mangoes). Oddly, they did not provide me with a lid for my cup, so I had to be very, very careful. Happily, they used enough honey that I could very much taste it. I'd get this again.The Shwarma was shaved beef served with tahini sauce, fresh pita, rice pilaf and a cucumber-lettuce-tomato salad. Oh, and there was also a roasted jalapeño pepper that practically burned my eyes off. Again, considering this is "fast food" and not "fast casual", the flavor and price was great. The beef could have stood to be a bit more seasoned, but overall I agreed with it, and thankfully WOW elected not to bastardize the dish for American palates. Which is another way of saying... the tahini sauce was really freaking bitter, but it felt right.In spite of some questionable decisions on the menu (a "King Tut" ice cream cone? really?) I will be back.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,10/10/2012,364,363,5,10,6>Bentley's - it's been too long. Despite the fact that I drive past you no less than a dozen times a week, it has been far too long since I have had the pleasure of one of your skillet breakfasts. Today was the day to change all that, I am happy to report. I am also happy to report that at a time when every other restaurant is cutting corners in one way or another, the skillet breakfast that I had this morning was every bit as delicious and generous as my first one 4 years ago. The table was still set with all the amazing creamers, jams, and Tabasco. The orange juice was still fresh-squeezed. The eggs were still double-yolks, the employees were all still happy, and I still managed to over-eat even though I'm typically not at my hungriest so early in the morning.Although it was VERY busy, we were seated promptly, our server Kelli took our order right away, and less than 10 minutes later, we were chowing down.  Bentley's is STILL getting it right. Our love affair continues...
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,10/9/2012,71,165,26,19,15>I've found my Grandmothers and they are all working here.  OK, I kid I kid, only one of them is...Whichever one made the pierogi that I had is my Grandma and I love her cooking. After hearing about this mecca from Osiris V. and then reading the reviews of her Chrissy W. and Ericka A. I had to try these pierogi.  So one rainy Saturday afternoon, I loaded my baby in the car and headed out in search of pierogi divinity.  Didn't bring the rest of the family because I wasn't sure I wanted to share these bad boys. After an hour drive, we arrived at the church, the smell of pierogi in the air, I unloaded the kid and sprinted for the entrance.  I ordered 12 Sauerkraut 12 Cheese10 Kolacky Cookies Needless to say, most of this was gone by the time I made it home; I had wolfed down 12 Sauerkraut, 6 Cheese and 5 cookies.  By the time my husband made it home from his day out, the rest was gone too. So since my husband never saw any of the goods and now thinks this place is a myth, I have to take him back on my next trip. Thanks Grandma!!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,10/8/2012,160,654,9,13,8>Passing through the auto dealers along Ogden, a sign on my right caught my attention: "Pig Roast Today 1-4 PM". I heard of Standard Market before but wasn't sure if this was it. An unassuming large building like a warehouse, no fancy storefront facing Ogden, plain exterior walls. I pulled into the parking lot and it was jam-packed. I grabbed one of the last remaining spots at least half a block away.Outside, it looked like a reception of some sort was going on. Upon closer inspection, I found it was a line for ice cream samples, as well as people eating in a patio area. I had a very difficult choice to make: Blueberry-lemon or Ugandan Vanilla Bean ice cream? I went with vanilla, as I always judge it as the true measure of an ice cream brand's honest quality. My wife tried the blueberry lemon. It may have been one of the best flavors we tried, as we sampled each other's choices.Inside, even more samples. Freshly squeezed orange, grape and pineapple juices! At 3 quarts/$10, it was a good deal. I chose a mix of apple/kiwi/green grape juice that tasted awesome and had a thicker texture than your ordinary bottled juices. You could clearly taste the kiwi in it.What started as a curious visit turned into a feast in every aisle: goat cheese on a cracker, wine tasting, apple butter, yogurt, BBQ sauce on uncured hot dogs, even a raw milk product. Everything was amazing! "Standard Market" is such an understatement. There was even a musical group performing some acoustic rock and country songs.By now, I was also filling up a shopping cart. Bulk popcorn kernels $0.79/pound! Makes Orville Redenbacher seem like a ripoff. Got me about 3-4 pounds' worth to last a while. I got a bottle of sangria wine, some home-made sausages, and more. While this place has pricier organic and exotic foods, I found it more reasonably priced than Whole Foods.And they have a restaurant inside too, not that I was hungry at that point. I was amazed at the selection, freshness and quality of everything in the store. While Westmont is far from my area, I can see this being a place to visit every time I head to the south burbs. So much to explore and try that this is a must-see place on the culinary map of the Chicago area.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/7/2012,59,161,6,10,7>So it's about time I wrote a review, since I came here in May, lol.  My mom and I went out to sushi after my ex broke up with me.  We came to Camden after because I did not want to go home.  We browsed, and talked to the lady behind the counter.  Turns out she was the mom of the owner and from England. Yay! So I found a couple cute things, and as I was trying them on, the mother (mine) was discussing the break-up. Ugh. I get out of the dressing room and just start crying, again. But, the lady was super awesome, and told me all these good break-up stories.  She didn't even try and sell me anything.  We stayed and talked with her for two hours, and only went home when my friend called to say she was waiting at my house.But, more importantly, I did put a cute sweater on hold and came back and debated buying it.  When the other chick who was watching the store saw, she took $10 off the price. So I bought it. And it's awesome.This is why Camden is awesome, great clothes, great people, and great location.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/6/2012,89,150,10,25,19>I LOVE CREPES!  Elmhurst needed a creperie! Nu Crepes has so many creative twists on classic crepe recipes.  Looking forward to the crepe of the month specials!TAKE THE QUIZ- Is this the lunch spot for you?A) You have never had a crepe  B) You like cool art and funky/fresh restaurants, but don't have a lot of cash C) You want to support a family owned cafe D) You want to relive a little taste of your France trip again. RIGHT?!  When you come back from Italy, you crave real Italian style wood oven fired pizza. After visiting France, I know I crave authentic crepes...well you can find them at Nu Crepes!E) All of the aboveHOW TO GET THERE:On York Rd (York Theater side) there are little shops on Schiller Ct.  See entryway by Plass Appliance.  Nu Crepes is not visible from York Rd.Kudos to the chef, the crepe batter is amazing!  Kind of a sweet/wheat type batter.  I had the veggie crepe and it was outstanding.  Caramelized onions, cheesy, hummus on top.  It was perfect.  And they even throw in a small arugula/apple salad.  Makes me happy to have a little something extra for nothing!  Need to get back there asap for a dessert crepe.  It's going to be a tough decision between the Campfire crepe (s'mores!) or the classic nutella banana.You guys are ROCKIN' these crepes!  Who selected the art for Nu Crepes?!  Excellent eye for art and design. :)One little complaint....stay open til 8 or 9pm a couple of nights a week!  This would be a great spot to hang out with friends for an after dinner dessert crepe and espresso!P.S.  Looking forward to the potato/onion/swiss cheese crepe ;)
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,10/5/2012,51,225,5,9,7>Color me impressed.  I'm a big fan of the dive bar, so perhaps I'm a bit biased, but I did enjoy this place.  They have lots of beers on tap, and I decided to go with Stella Artois.  Fresh, cold, and delicious.I was with a large group, and we ordered a bunch of appetizers and food for dinner.  The appetizers were just your average fried food platter...onion rings, mushrooms, cheese sticks, zucchini, etc.  Everything was fried perfectly, and with fresh oil.  We devoured the platter!  For dinner I got the buffalo chicken wrap.  This thing was spicy, and I love my food hot so it's hard to impress me on that front.  This was one of the best buffalo wraps I've ever had.  No additional hot sauce required!Then I found out, my dad went there occasionally for lunch during lent to get a beer and have a pepper and egg sandwich.  My dad is a really cool old man, in my opinion.  When I found out he liked the place, I knew the joint was ok.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,10/4/2012,144,959,16,19,19>I am hog wild for Hog Wild and forever grateful to my daughter who recommended it to me.  This little piggy had pork chops!First off, this is just a straight up unique and quirky place.  It's just great!  We went for lunch on Friday and it was buzzing with a full parking lot.  There was a guy helping everyone navigate the space but I could hardly notice him because of the pink tree trunks.  Those got noticed and therefore no one hit them.  Genius!  It is cash only which is prominently proclaimed but if you're running short, there is an ATM machine.  You enter, order, choose a seat and BAM your food is there.  The dining area has super fun hand crafted tables and chairs plus televisions generously sprinkled throughout the place.  The clientele represents everyone who lives all enjoying great food side by side.I wanted to try the pulled pork and the pork chop so I got the pulled pork sandwich and my sweetie got the pork chop dinner with an extra chop so I could try it some.  We swapped bites and  I loved both but I think the pork chop wins - it is absolutely the best I have ever tasted.   We have traveled to Kansas City and Memphis for BBQ and I think the best is located close to me..  All of this great taste is right here in the Southern suburbs of Chicago.  I know some of you are now recoiling in fear. " Where?",  you gasp.  "Not on the south side, I am not going to the south side."  Yippee, all the more chops for us!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,10/3/2012,63,74,11,13,8>I seriously had a Meg Ryan-esque Foodgasm when we had dinner there! It probably wasn't pretty (guygasms just aren't) but it happened several times during our meal, when encountering a flavor so deliciously transcendent my only choice was to, momentarily, merge with the infinite universe. I'm exaggerating, but only a little. First of all, we loved the look of Mahajara. It's in a Rosemont strip mall, so I wasn't expecting much, but walking in I was struck by how classy, modern and restrained the decor was. Except for some Indian flourishes, it actually reminded me of Grant Achatz's NEXT (with that high ambient light, but thankfully, without the mega price tag). There's even a cool little bar connected, which I'd like to try out sometime.Remember that scene in The Professional, when the crooked drugged up cop played by Gary Oldman quietly asks for for backup, "Bennie, bring me everyone." What do you mean, everyone?"EEEVERYOOOONE!", he screams.  youtube.com/watch?featur…Well, as this was our first time at Maharaja, our order was a lot like that...but without the irrational screaming and gunfire.When you are seated they bring out a bowl of savory impossibly thin and crispy flat chips with a hint of spice, and a hottish green sauce and sweeter red sauce to dip them in. One bite and we knew we were in for an experience. The subtlety and balanced spiciness were dead on.In keeping with the "Bring me eeeverythiiing" theme, we started with the Maharaja Vegetarian Snacks - "A combination platter of samosa, paneer pakora, vegetable pakora, onion pakora and aloo corn tikki",  because we wanted to try a wide sample of delights. All were great, but the battered, spiced and deep fried cauliflower was a particular stand out, as well as the spinach.Thankfully, they aren't light with the Indian spices, like a lot of places trying to appeal to the widest range of tastes. These apps were seriously crispy and flavorful.As an entree, I wanted to try a good range of dishes, so I ordered the Maharaja Dinner Special ($21) - "Tandoori chicken, seekh kebab, shrimp, chicken tikka, rogan josh, and dal makhani"  The standouts from all the standouts were the tandoori chicken and rogan josh.I always tend towards tandoor dishes when eating Indian food, because, well let's face it, the tandoor is one of the most ingenious, bad-ass cooking devices in the history of humankind!  Its a cylindrical clay oven that can approach temperatures of 900 degrees Fahrenheit. Dangle skewered meat in it to sear in the juices, and slap doughs on the sides to get instant flat breads.Wikipedia reports: that the tandoor combines "live-fire, radiant heat cooking, and hot-air, convection cooking, and smoking by the fat and food juices that drip on to the charcoal."  ALL IN ONE DEVICE!  Tandoor, you are so cool!Anyway, their tandoor chicken was the best I've eaten anywhere. Really. Tender and juicy (so often, at most places it's neither), with a perfect balance of savory, very slightly sweet and smoky.  The lamb in the rogan josh was impossibly tender in a savory onion and tomato sauce. We ordered extra basmati rice, just so we could soak up every bit of the delicious gravy.For you vegetarians, the slow simmered, dal makhani (black lentils) in a tomato, onion, garlic and ginger creamy sauce, was a stand out. Run the fluffy, slightly smoky and tender nan through it, close your eyes and reach Foodvana! I enjoyed it as cold leftover, straight from the fridge the next day, and it was still fabulous.  There's just so much more to say about the food, I can't even keep going.  Go, and you'll experience it.The service was attentive and quick. They kept our water glasses filled at all times (which I love!), and cleared plates as we completed them.We didn't try the desserts, but really really really want to try the famous lunch buffet. We even passed by to read all the little signs on our way out.We'll be back. A lot.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/2/2012,646,300,11,17,14>Snap-tastic! That's exactly what you hear when you bite into the Maxwell Street style polish sausage. Its as biblical as a tree falling in the woods. A piled high gang of carmalized onions, mustard and sport pepper hotness.Dante's is not just fast food, its as if the staff went to a secret society school of food art. In previous trips out to this Algonquion location, the cheese on the patty melt and burgers were melted like lava. Seriously every bite was a party.Don't even get me started on the fresh cut fries that some how manage to stay crispy even after sitting for 20 minutes. I added Chili and Cheese to mine so watch out.Never a disappointment and always a pleasant experience.Til next time :)
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,10/1/2012,325,653,13,20,22>Ooh la la mi Marion! You sing happiness in my heart. MSCM one of the places that makes my neighborhood so freakin' ah-mazing!MSCM makes me the cool kid at my wine parties because they ensure that I'm equipped with only the best libation for my budget. Next they hook me up with delectable cheeses, chocolate, and charcuterie pairings. Because of MSCM, I seem like a master sommelier to my friends even though (lean in close for this secret...) I know nothing about this stuff.Oh but oh! The Marion Street Cheese Market doesn't stop there! They also have a restaurant. Oh YEAH. And they sometimes have live jazz. So, while you're sitting in your chair made out of recycled seat belts (they're super duper green) and savoring some locally grown fare from an ever-changing menu, you can listen to some smooth jams.I've recently discovered the MSCM brunch which is what spurred this second review. The brunch is unlike any other one I've ever seen in my life. There's regular stuff like eggs and oatmeal, but most of the food is really unique. For example, I had something called "Chilaquiles" with my $5 Bloody Mary my first breakfast. It definitely hit the spot. I brought M with me the very next Sunday and she thought it was pretty mind-blowing too.But besides the awesome food and cool store, MSCM sets itself apart with their people. The employees have professional and nerdy personalities. They know a LOT of stuff about their food, wine, and everything. It makes me feel good to be surrounded by such great people and humbled that they are serving me.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/30/2012,104,448,14,13,15>My wife and I have been here a couple of times now and the food is really healthy and in spite of that, I really like it.No fries, no chips and no pop.And I really like it anyway.I have tried two different sandwiches and they were both really good and came with a healthy side salad which was actually tasty.  I also tried their frozen banana treat and it is great.  I have had their coffee and enjoyed it and last time I had been so darn good I ended the meal with an apple fritter which was outstanding.Don't let the review talking about the fresh healthy food scare you, it is good food for a guy who usually doesn't do healthy.  Heck maybe I will get on this healthy bandwagon.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,9/29/2012,107,399,6,12,6>I love this new location in Arlington Heights for several reasons.The donuts are just as good as the original location. Favorites like the chocolate bavarian, homestyle, blueberry cake, apple fritters, and glazed french are very aromatic with a great texture (baked). They also offer day old donuts for $4 a box which are a delicious bargain.This location is also more spacious with a modern feel to it and LED lighting. The location is extremely clean and they have a more upscale feeling to the menu with the use of Monin syrups, Sherman ice cream, and Conscious Cup free trade coffee. Even the bathrooms have a nicer feel to them with the use of Moen faucets and Xlerator hand dryers.I do have a small issue with the parking. They don't lack space but the layout is kind of strange since you have to fight with people moving through the drive-thru. Because of the spot, I guess you can't have a setup similar to Dunkin, McDonalds, or Portillos drive-thrus. Also, if they have any specials or coupons, it is not easy to find them. I buy two or more dozen at a time pretty regularly every year for friends, events, and co-workers so it'd be nice if there was an easily printable coupon or permanent special for larger purchases.Although I've been to Spunky Dunkers three times in less than a week, I do feel like making another visit to try something else right now. One last thing to keep in mind though, not all items are available all times of the day. I still haven't gone there at the right time when they have mini donuts available at all. But given how delicious every flavor is, I don't mind eating a full donut every time.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,9/28/2012,20,44,6,11,5>Show up. Drink.Go home.That is all there is to do.  This place is awesome.  I never thought we would have a brewery in Naperville, yet alone a good one.  No food, no mixed drinks, just a few beers on tap and some stools.  No tipping, but there's a really neat system where you can buy someone else a beer, so later they can show up, point out their name on the wall, and get a free beer.  HUZZAH FREE BEER.The beer is good.  Not stellar, not amazing, not stupendous.  I haven't had all of them, but what I have had was good.  Give it a year and they'll find awesome flavors and their own special brews, but for now they're covering the basics and doing it well.  Really can't wait for this place to get into stride. 6 dollars a beer seemed high to me at first, but between the freshness of the brew (damn you delicious craft beer, why do you have to be so expensive)  and the fact your not having to factor in 2 bucks a drink for tip, or 20% on your bill, three beers for 18 bucks isn't that bad.Got a little ticked when they wouldn't fill up a growler I brought because it wasn't one of their own, but growler etiquette varies from place to place and they are still trying to get their name out there, but I own four of the damn things and I'm not buying a fifth just so I can buy your beer.   Can be a little hard to find, but basically turn into the industrial park by the Cadillac dealership from Ogden, and it's behind the stores on your right side.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,9/27/2012,137,199,6,14,10>Excellent!  You probably want more details than that though, huh?  How 'bout this...I stopped here yesterday with a friend for a late lunch/early dinner and was greeted with smiles from the staff the minute we stepped through the door.  Being an odd hour, we were the only ones in the place and since it was my first time here, I was a little skeptical. "If this is a good place, why aren't there more patrons here?"  But  not to worry...my fears were quickly extinguished.We were seated and the waitress took our drink order.  They're very proud of their specialty beer stock so she asked me what type of beer I like and made a suggestion.  Turns out she brought me the Nitro Stout and I LOVED it.  So much so that I'd seek this out next time I head to Binny's, for sure.Anyway, we were both in the mood for burgers and their menu is chock full of Gourmet Stuffed selections, each one sounding better than the last.  I opted for the Germainese (SP?) and Cheddar burger which was delicious...a little spicy, but delicious.  I'd say I'd order it again, but there are too many others that sound too good to miss, so we'll see.  Good Location.  Good staff.  Good drinks and good food.  Check it out!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,9/26/2012,119,299,7,8,8>First I was impressed the main dinning room with the three story high ceiling. All exposed brick and a side of metal wall reminded me the old factory days. Very unique and interesting decor. Only one table was occupied when we was seated which made me a bit uneasy. We started with the Triple Dip, one lentil soup, one creamy artichoke soup, and sharing a lamb sandwich.The Triple dip was fine. I liked hummus but didn't care much about eggplant puree nor cucumber with yogurt. This was my first time trying creamy artichoke and I didn't like it much. The lentil soup was pretty good but a bit salty for me. At this point, I was thinking this place was totally overrated by the yelp reviews.The waiter was very nice to put our lamb sandwich with pita bread on two plates with side salad and rice. I ate one big chuck of Lamb first. It was soooooo good. The meat was sauteed perfectly to medium well. Tender, juicy and flavored just right. It tasted even better when I eat the meat with veggie and the pita bread as the delicious sauce was contained in the pita bread. The half portion was just perfect for me. Yes, go for the lamb if you are up to it. you will enjoy it.The waiters was polite and attentive. As it was a slow Monday lunch, we got the chance to talk to the waiters a bit. They only have lunch on weekdays not on the weekend. They don't open on Sundays. And it is better to have a reservation on Weekend nights because they are usually packed. Lucky me have one more Groupon with Riffi's. I will be back really soon.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/25/2012,24,83,8,19,10>I drove by this place for a few weeks.  There is a really weird looking sign of a chef in the window and I just assumed it was a bakery.  A friend told me that it was a South African place and the next opportunity I had I stopped in.The place used to be a BBQ place and a Middle Eastern joint, and was pretty smokey and nasty inside.  Now it is all cleaned up and super bright and nice.  They took some of the big counters away and really opened it up.  I didn't know what to expect so I picked up a few of the ready made pies.  The owner said to call ahead 35 min and they will bake them fresh next time.I had a cheeseburger pie.  I had to try it and it is literally a cheeseburger baked into a pie.  It was pretty good.  The crust was buttery and crispy. The next pie we tried was a spicy chicken.  This was pretty spicy.  The taste is pretty mild and the spice creeps up and lingers.  Really good.  Then I got a sausage roll. It was a mild beef sausage inside of a pastry.  Like a giant pig in a blanket.I love different places in the community.  I think this place was pretty cool.  The menu is short but I want to try the peppersteak one next.  I would stop by and check it out, but don't expect apple pies.  I think they need to put a flag in the window or explain what they do a lot better.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,9/24/2012,421,397,28,34,30>Hollywood Boulevard is the original premium theater in Chicagoland, and is still right there among the best. Before I go into what makes this theater so great I should probably explain how the theater works. At Hollywood Boulevard you walk in and there's a ticket counter listing all the movies and showtimes, if you're buying tickets ahead of time for multiple people you (at least last time I tried this) had to show ID as they do not allow kids except for select films and showtimes. Once you get in you sit in a sliding leather chair at a table or up against a counter. Hollywood Boulevard operates as a full fledged restaurant and bar, so you are required to purchase at least one menu item (this could be a drink). The nice thing is admission here is slightly less expensive than most first run theaters so just going in and getting a ticket and a drink comes out to about even with anywhere else. Now that I've explained how this premium theater experience differs a bit from most theaters let me go over the decor. Hollywood Boulevard is themed as a combination of Grauman's Chinese Theater and Old Time Hollywood. You'll find lots of classic movie posters and other decorations throughout the interior along with an Asian theme to compliment the Grauman's Chinese Theater influence. This decoration extends to not just the lobby and hallways but throughout the auditoriums as well.The theater itself is very well maintained and clean on the inside. I've yet to see a significant pile up of garbage on the floor or any other unsightly buildups you often find at other cinemas.As far as the projection and sound goes, the auditoriums are slightly brighter than a most theaters as the waiters and waitresses have to be able to see to bring you your drinks or food. The projection quality, screens and audio are excellent and it's clear a lot of effort goes into making this the best possible movie experience.The food offered by this theater is actually of fairly decent quality. I've tried burgers, chicken fingers, nachos and a few other items over the years and have never been displeased with my meal. They have a fairly wide and diverse menu offering a lot of different dinner choices.Overall Hollywood Boulevard is a fantastic place to see a movie, while not quite as elaborately decorated as its sibling theater Hollywood Palms in Naperville. The overall experience at this location is roughly the same, comfortable chairs, food and drink service, quality picture and sound in a very elaborately decorated cinema. One final note is they often offer coupons to visit again during the regular week and run special screenings of certain classic and cult films. I highly recommend Hollywood Boulevard as a unique place to visit in Chicagoland.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,9/23/2012,67,185,7,5,5>Friday night at Lucky Monk for a friends birthday.  12 people.  Never been here before, but from the reviews it looked really good and I had concerns about how we were going to get a table for 12.  Then....we noticed the "couch lounge."  Oh yes, this is our area.  Screw the bar or dining room, we will be eating delicious food while our feet rest on ottomans.  I noticed the "grilled cheese burger" on the website before we got here.  The description confirmed that this is what I would be ordering.  Lucky for me, and everyone else who orders it, there are no nutritional facts on the menu.  I usually feel bad for eating one grilled cheese sandwich.  You want me to eat two now?  Wait...you're putting bacon in them?  Hold the F on....you're putting a half pound burger between the sandwiches?  Game on.My girlfriend had about three bites and could eat no more.  I couldn't let the party down.  Feeling the burn of a full stomach (I already ate 8 BBQ rib appetizers), and two beers, I pushed on.  Bite after delicious bite.  I've heard myths of the fabled Krispy Kreme burger, but this burger was something I actually enjoyed.A friend ordered a regular burger and only ate half, and I finished hers as well.  If I ever stop my active lifestyle, I will put on 50 pounds in no time.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,9/22/2012,45,72,4,6,3>Stop what you are doing and got to TTOWA now!Okay that was a little intense but TTOWA is fantastic!  It has all the elements that I like in a restaurant packed into one.  So... lets break it down:Ambiance/Location:  A perfect sized, clean, and nice place.  TTOWA is on the smaller side so that you are able to have great service with a small staff but still large enough to not have to wait.  The detailing on the decor is simple and elegant that makes you feel calm.  The location in AH is great, right with the other restaurants in the area.Service:  Knock out!  Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful.  We asked them a few questions and they gave us answers with a little explanation but not so much that you wanted the server to leave you alone.  The place was not too busy but the sever was not overwhelming.  They threw in a few bonuses like a little yogurt drink and of course the Korean - not sure what to call them so - side dish appetizerish things.  Overall, I could not ask for better service and that alone makes me want to go back right now.Food:  Yum, yum , yum!  They made some of their dishes veggie for us which was extra nice but literally everything we had was great.  The dumplings were perfect, the "sushi" appetizer was tasty, the glass noodles were slurped up after they cooled down, and the bebimbop was the best I have had.  On top of that their side dishes were extra tasty and after we finished one the server just brought us out another dish with out us even asking.I could not be more please and I will be back Sho'nuff!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/21/2012,158,280,5,11,7>The perfect outdoor destination for recreation of all types. I stumbled upon this suburban oasis a year ago when I started training for long-distance running races. The 7.7-mile paved loop is perfect. There's plenty of shade, water sources, bathrooms and scenery. I've come within arm's reach of deer and regularly enjoy the captive elk. This morning, I saw an adorably fuzzy pack of baby geese!I like running here because it's never crowded, but it passes the "scream test": if I screamed, someone would hear me. There are people fishing and kayaking, as well as picnicking and running. Now that I'm into cycling, I appreciate the paved, flat course, which has several off-shoots to pad my mileage. There's lots of parking, too.Between the fishing, boating and running, you could easily pack a lunch and make a day of it.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,9/20/2012,65,114,7,9,9>You know when you're feeling like you want something really good to eat but don't want to shell out a $$$ for a good meal.  Oh, and you want/need a drink.   And you don't want to drive far?  Well, Cooper's Hawk has been my answer 3 times this month.  I don't know how I've neglected this place for so long, but I'm so glad I've found you, Cooper Hawk.I always start off with a huge glass of Sangria to drink my troubles away.  Okay, I have no troubles, it's just really good and big.  Then I munch on the always warm pretzel bread.  They're not cheapos here either.  I've been here with a party of 6 twice and each time, they give you 1 roll for every couple.  I love how I can order a big entree ($14-$22) or if I'm feeling something simple, I can order a sandwich or burger (approx. $10 each).  Not too shabby.  My fav sandwich is the Zen Burger.  Yummy!   The entrees I've sampled are all good and everyone has cleaned their plate every time.  If your expectation is a glamorous meal, you won't be wowed.  But if you're looking for just simple food at a decent price and all the wine you can order, Cooper's Hawk is a great choice.I love how you can bring your own bottle of Cooper's Hawk wine to the table as well.  Their wine club is a steal and could save you a couple bucks when dining in.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/19/2012,1096,1134,8,12,7>I have only lived 3 miles away from here for 7 years. What the hell took me so long to figure this place out? We walk in and it's a flash back to 70's Danke Schoen! I'm looking around and liking what I see. Large portions and plump happy people! We were approached immediately and got our drinks in a flash. Now when I was asked if I wanted the small or large soda, (I was driving) I knew it was no refills. Then the Fraulein explained in her heavy German accent the day's specials. I already knew what I wanted. PORK! Weiner Schnitzel in egg batter and pan fried in butter. When she asked what kind of potato I wanted, I said, boiled. She gave me a look like. Spechen Sie Deutsch only! No Parle Vu Francais, Bitch! So I got the German fried potatoes in butter, green onion and smoked sausage. She then brought out a sampler platter of liverwurst, carrots, celery, garlic cream cheese and a variety of breads. I have never had LW as the name just sounded wrong. But I figured, when in Rome. It was awesome! So were the red onion, garlic cream cheese and raisin bread. The beef noodle soup was very tasty as well. Then our food came out. The tenderloins were as big as the platter. Yum! I squeezed the fresh lemon over it and dug in. Fantastic! I got three quarters thru and I started to slow down? It wasn't a getting full slow. Until I realized it was the butter screeching my arteries to a halt! O.K. then. One more bite! Then the waitress walked by and was shocked! She said she has never seen anyone clean the plate like I did. It's called Italian brand of Crazy! Shut up and eat! This has got to be the best German food that I have had since I was in Frankfort. Yes, Germany! My new favorite way to die. Butter fried Pork!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,9/18/2012,2184,1339,6,8,8>I went here today based on Nicole M's recommendation and I'm so glad she told me about Cutting Edge!It was a bit bigger and more busy than any threading place I've been to which I'm sure is a testament to the popularity. I wrote my name in the notebook & was instantly called back. The girl was so nice & patient with me as my eyes watered like crazy. She convinced me to go with threading even though I at first told her I'm not very good with threading (the eye watering) and usually do waxing. She said you get a much better look, more precision and it stays longer with threading. Okkkaaaay, you convinced me! And it did end up looking great!I got my eyebrows & upper lip threaded for $10! That's a better price than I've ever gotten in the 'burbs and I'm beyond happy with the results!Plus they have a stamp card...go 6 times and the 7th eyebrow threading is free. Yep, I've found my new eyebrow place.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/17/2012,317,838,2,15,11>Tails of Hope is a non profit organization that takes in the pets of individuals who pass away or are terminally/chronically I'll and can no longer care for their dog or cat. They do make exceptions and take in pets that would otherwise be put down at another location as well. To me that was an amazing mission statement. And they are a no kill shelter. Who could ask for a better shelter?!  These ladies truly love the animals and provide them with the best care possible as they try and find the perfect families for these animals that have fallen on hard times. My coworkers and I took a group of students here to learn about the animals and the work that goes into running a shelter. Tails of Hope was super accommodating and helped us organize an engaging field trip!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,9/16/2012,168,718,8,6,6>It occurs to me that I added the pictures from my trip last week, but I failed to actually write my review!  Farbeit for me to deny the Yelp world my opinion ;)My opinion is as follows:  I am SO glad Schaumburg has a great non-chain restaurant to frequent (and frequent often!!)  I have been to White Chocolate Grill a few times, so I was wondering if the food here was going to be up to par.  I was definitely not disappointed! A couple of my friends and I met here on a Thursday night.  The parking lot seemed crowded, but there's more parking in back, so don't worry!  We were seated right away in a cozy booth (cozy...but dark.  Very, very dark!)Since my friend and I were waiting on our fellow dining companion, we had time to peruse the menu.  There were SO many things we wanted to try, but we knew we definitely wanted to try the nachos.  Pulled-pork style, thankyouverymuch!  The actual ingredients on the nachos were good, don't get me wrong, but about 1/2 the chips were stale.  That was a huge disappointment to me.  The whole thing would have been wonderful, but the chips made it a little disgusting :(I also ordered the mushroom soup (must be over 21 to order!) just for the novelty of it.  It was really good, but VERY filling.  I probably could have made it my meal if it had just been me eating it, but I shared among my fellow companions!For dinner, I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a side of the mac n cheese.  The actual mac n cheese was good, but I would prefer less "stuffing" on top of my dish next time!  It really felt Stove-Top-esque!  But my pulled pork sandwich on the toasted bun was to die for!  Very flavorful and wasn't dry at all!My friends enjoyed their meals as well!  One got the ahi tuna and the other got a chicken sandwich.  Oh, and I snagged a couple of their fries, and those were really good as well.  I will definitely be back--hopefully for non-stale items :)  We already have our next date planned!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,9/15/2012,18,81,7,14,9>This is NOT just any tubed meat stand...this place is really special. Even though the varied sausages are supposed to be the stars of the show, they are NOTHING without the toppings--oh the glorious toppings! I had the cheddar braut--the meat was perfectly seasoned and tasty, but the toppings stole the show! The cheddar sauce was absolutely delicious and the chimmichurri was mind-blowing. The pickled red onions were a perfect addition. I'm glad the guy behind the counter convinced me to try them--he knows what he's doing! The chimmichurri & onions add the perfect amount of freshness to balance the "heaviness" of the meat & cheese. My friend had the chorizo, which looked delicious and again, was perfectly balanced out by its toppings of sour cream, chiles (finished with honey for a little sweetness!) and the pickled red onions. I added a side of cheese for my fries. This cheddar sauce--the same that came on my braut--isn't your usual neon orange cheese sauce...it's actually real cheese--a huge and welcomed departure from usual hot dog stand fare.I really look forward to going back (today maybe...) to try the Buffalo Chicken & the Italian Chicken sausages--two unique offerings that Big Guys makes themselves. And, the Bacon Beer Cheddar Soup...and the BG fries...I think an exploration of the entire menu is in order. The fact that they are open super late on the weekends is another bonus. I think there should be a trolley to take me from Madison Street down to Big Guys on Friday & Saturday nights!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,9/14/2012,79,108,8,10,8>Wait for it.Friday night, date night.  Bonus star for having a gift card for a good amount off the tab.  Another for the delicious and potent Singapore Slings.  Next one for the phenomenal phood.  Ehh that's three, right?When you park and walk in, the delicious smell of such wonderful spices enters your olfactory system and makes your mandibles water.  The host was confused about whether we were dining in or carrying out after I said we had a reservation but we were seated instantly.  At first, the service was great but it dwindled throughout the meal.Eavesdropping on other tables, there were two from the UK (yesh, they know good Indian cuisine) and were happy with their experience.  The table of Asians that came after us, who spoke of Yelp, were anxious to place their order promptly and tried to call the busboy to take their order... c'mon, look at the guy, that's not your server.Anyways, started with the samosa with lamb that had a flaky wonderful coating with tender insides, then we had shared the Special Dinner and Tandoori Mixed Grill and shared like you were taught in Kindergarten.  I can't pin-point the name of the orange chicken pieces but those were the best (butter chicken comes after that one).. I mean aside from the breads.So the food outweighed the service.  My first VofI experience was back in 1998 for my good friend Uttam's graduation party.  It was awesome then, and it is awesome now.  Nothing here will make your stomach angry, perhaps, with the exception of, Vindaloo.. which I didn't try.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,9/13/2012,378,248,6,5,7>An Urban Craft Beer Bar in the suburbs....yes!Having just moved back to the Chicagoland area, a lot has opened and closed over the last three years that I missed out on.  I came to Beer Market with my brothers expecting another boring suburban bar with a staff that looked more bored than the customers.  What I got was an extensive beer list, comfortable and open floor plan, and a charming beer patio.  (let's not call it a garden, there's no plants)This spot is very reminiscent of bars in the city, with big french doors opening up to the patio, live music on occasion, and no desire to cater to children (thank goodness, its a bar, let's not ruin it)  The highlights of this gem:1)  No kitchen, but you can order from the surrounding restaurants and they'll bring it to your table.2)  As mentioned, IMMENSE beer list, which is constantly changing3)  Pleasant staff4)  Couches on the patio, overlooking a little pond, which makes the beer taste better?5)  Extremely reasonable prices.My friends and I are planning a suburban bar crawl, but honestly, I imagine once we get here, this is where we'll stay, so its more of a suburban.....drive to one place and drink.......crawl.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,9/12/2012,76,103,5,7,6>Traviata Chocolate & Gelato Cafe where have you been all my life?I saw this place pop up on my friends check-ins and thought we would take a little drive and try some yummy Gelato.They had alot of different flavors to choose from Spamoni, to chocolate to everything in between. I had the Strawberry Cheesecake and the Banana both were delicious. Wife had Tiramisu and Spamoni she said both were great. I asked if they frequently changed flavors she said numerous are always there but a few that are seasonal.We then checked out the Chocolate display of hand crafted and hand painted chocolates and Truffles. We bought a few truffles and the Dark Chocolate Champagne truffle was terrific.. The owner said she doesn't make the chocolates a very talented friend does for their shop!The owner was extremely nice and the interior of their shop is very relaxing nice soft music in the background with comfy tables and chairs. This would be a great place to sit and relax maybe chat with a few friends and try Gelato and Chocolates.You should give them a try I'm sure glad I did and plan to add this to my rotation of go to places even though its a little drive!!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/11/2012,363,708,8,11,11>It was time for another sushi adventure with Aimee M, and so we finally crossed Sushi Ya off our list. I would give it 4.5 solid stars for delicious food and reasonable prices.I wish I had looked over the reviews again before going because I wasn't quite ready for how small the place is. Maybe a dozen tables? Thankfully at 6:45 on a Saturday there were a couple tables left and we snagged one.The menu can seem a bit overwhelming at first -- lots of maki to choose from, and they clearly mark what's cooked and what's raw for the newbies. Good nigiri selection, too. There are also plenty of cooked entrees/options, but we were there for some fish!We settled on four rolls to share and also got complimentary miso soup and a small bowl of edamame. Nothing fancy, but it was tasty.White Dragon roll: My favorite -- a nice blend of fresh fish and spicy flavors. Lightly sauced but the fish shone.Spicy scallop roll: Slight sweetness from the scallop, fresh and mouth-melty.Shrimp tempura roll: Little bit of crunch, lots of flavorTuna Hulk roll: we thought the name was fun, but these enormous pieces were quite hard to eat. maybe stick with a traditional spicy tuna roll instead.Service was pretty good although we didn't have chopsticks or napkins at first. But our water was refilled regularly and plates were cleared promptly.Our grand total was very reasonable -- I've spent that much on just myself for a big sushi night out. (OK, so we didn't get drinks or dessert, but we left pretty satisfied, I'd say.)All in all a great pick and I would absolutely come back.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/10/2012,38,236,5,8,6>I think I have a new favorite place to haunt...My brother suggested we go for family dinner here. So he goes and shows me their website and the menu. Well shut up because this shizz sounds good!We started off with cocktails and they're good...great beer list and inventive sips. We started with the guacamole and its a heaping pile of fantasticness that is accompanied by salsa and sour cream. I got the Knuckle and it was lobster goodness. My father got the Fork and Knife Fried Chicken- you'll slap yourself it's so good. There were things like salads, fishes of the day, fish sandwiches, assorted side items, fried Oreo's with Jeni's ice cream....all clean your plate good. I would even go so far as to order a plate of their cornbread croutons to snack on.I noticed that there are many reviews that think it's over priced. I'm going to disagree. We're talking made from scratch, high quality ingredients. You get what you pay for.Our server- I wish I had her name to give her a shout out..was amazing. She knew everything about the menu, was attentive, and accommodating.  I'm plotting my return, I will sit outside, try a new cocktail, and over order.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,9/9/2012,255,326,7,7,5>Somehow I was coming to Oak Park every other week for a significant part of the winter and didn't realize this was here. The Conservatory is the perfect place to visit on a winter day when you want to pretend it isn't cold enough to freeze snot outside. Although it's a smaller space (three rooms), they've done a lot with it. There are plants hanging from the ceiling, meandering paths, a little hidden seat to sit and read if you like, and yes, the infamous birds. As Yelp's resident Crazy Bird Lady, it should come as no surprise that I loved meeting the birds. If I remember correctly, there were two cockatiels, a finch, a lovebird, an amazon, an african grey, and a conure. There are also clever mice who scamper around the cages, picking up food the birds drop and carrying it away on tiny, furry feet. (I like mice...can you tell?) Also, there's a large pond with very large koi and some turtles. If the huge ficus plants or blossoming cacti don't catch your eye, these animals might interest you.This facility also has a gift shop that sometimes sells plants, and there are rooms you can rent for events. There are special plant sales if you'd like a bit more selection than the gift shop usually offers. Plus, the Conservatory also holds special events for kids called Exploration Stations. Recent topics include Birds, Pollinators, Sugar, and Chocolate. Sounds good to me! These events, just like a regular visit to the Conservatory, are free, although they suggest a donation. You can also give back by volunteering; they train docents twice a year.Parking is pretty easy, the whole place is pretty kid-friendly, and it's conveniently located near both the highway and the CTA. You really have no reason to not go, unless you're afraid of the awesome.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/8/2012,82,199,3,5,3>Parent/Teacher conferences? They kinda suck.Chuck's Southern Comforts Cafe? Awesome regardless of any suck happening in your life.Was able to swing by with a big group from my big-girl job to down some delightful treats for dinner. Originally I eyed up a yummy looking garden salad (unfortunately, one of the few vegetarian options). Then everyone told me I just HAD to have the mac n' cheese. So I figured it was okay to be a little sinful and have a small order on the side. Then someone else ordered quesadillas and once I heard they had guacamole all hell broke lose. Forget veggies. FEED ME CARBS!Mac n' cheese? Delightful. It's a nothing special, no frills, cheesy paradise of goodness. I seriously contemplated ordering another small container to take home with me. Though the macaroni and cheese was incredible, the real winner of the evening was my cheese quesadillas. Usually you see quesadillas on the menu and you know you're getting a hunk of cheese melted between a tortilla. Fortunately, the chef here rocks something fierce and kicked them up a few notches with simple additions. Peppers and onions melted inside? CHECK! Topped with kick-ass pico de gallo? CHECK! To-die-for guacamole on the side? DING DING DING! We have a winner!Waitress kept everything flowing and food coming quickly all afternoon- no complaints regarding service at all. She was super friendly and even had to enlist a few other servers to assist, which she did happily. Food came out relatively quickly and our bellies were fed before round 2 of parent teacher conferences. Now what to sample in Burbank next? This is going to be a tough act to follow. Give me your best, south suburbs!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/7/2012,83,164,4,7,4>Domincks, Ultra, Jewels and even the small produce mart in Addison have NOTHING on this place!! Think they have some very serious competition!Been waiting for over a year for Pete's to open - getting a little (too!) excited when seeing signs of workers coming in and setting things up. Checked it out opening day and was back again last night.AMAZING selections of just about everything - one entire row devoted to gourmet oils, vinegars and cooking wines. Another devoted to spices! Great cereal selection, was excited to see plenty of organic choices there!! Can't even find that at the Dominicks on 83! Produce selection is wonderful!! Been eating my veggies too, so this makes it a paradise for me! They even had lemongrass, which I couldn't find anywhere - was thinking I'd have to take a special trip out to Whole Foods to find. Deli counter and their cheese island puts Caputos to shame!! Good prices on everything as well and the selection is amazing!Dinner tonight? You have a HUGE variety here!! A good row of chickens, another for turkeys, another for pork and beef! Haven't seen a variety of fresh fish offered anywhere in this area like what they have, and their butcher section of fresh meats even puts Mike's to shame - sorry guys, huge fan! But they're cheaper!!Great bakery, can grab a meal to go or dine in at their restaurant. Huge salad bar, Gelato (which was yummy!),  and a great selection of glutten free/organic choices in the frozen isle! I'm not GF, but have friends that are and I know that they'll enjoy this!Plenty of Ethnic choices and even carry a wide variety of gourmet sodas - including this wonderful Ginger Ale that we've had at Kingston's Jerk Chicken on 95th recently - delicious!!Wrap up your shopping trip with some beautiful flowers - another great selection there and prices are cheaper then what you'd find at some of the other places in the area.Have always loved Pete's in the city, but have to say that this one even outshines some of them! Spoke with the owner yesterday, who recommended the new Barcardi Red - not just rum, but infused with tequila and it's goooooddd!!If you haven't been - you MUST go!! You'll probably spend less, eat better produce and meats and have a much better shopping experience then anywhere else in this area.Has been pretty swamped the last few days, but lines have been quick moving, there have been samples given out and everyone is very pleasant and friendly. Check it out!!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/6/2012,288,400,6,10,8>My brother has raved about this place and I'm a huge breakfast girl so I couldn't deny it any longer. Sunny side, scrambled, over easy, any style eggs and I'm all yours! Sunday brunch time was busy, but a wait for 4 was only about 15-20 minutes, awesome, because I was starving!The menu reminds me of Yolk, the font, the style, hmmm something I should know? So many options, where to start? French toast? Waffle? Skillet? Omelettes? Ugh someone help me!! I wanted one of everything! Okay Rosanna be realistic here!Okay, okay I ended up going for the biscuits and gravy, 2 sunny side eggs, waffle, and wheat toast. Dang girl you can eat! I sure can with the help of my gang. The waffle (yelp.com/biz_photos/RGZ7…) was fresh and had a crunch to eat, loveee. Biscuits and gravy (yelp.com/biz_photos/RGZ7…) was pretty good, but I've had better, maybe a thicker sauce.I also got a taste of the red velvet french toast (yelp.com/biz_photos/RGZ7…) and boyyyy was it sweet! For you sweet tooth! It's good, but I'm not a sweet breakfast kind of girl, give me my eggs! If you're a meat lover get the steak skillet (yelp.com/biz_photos/RGZ7…), juicy and tendert!!! Enjoyed our brunch, had good service, we might be back, if you were closer we definitely would be back. See ya Brunch.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/5/2012,133,66,9,11,9>So stressed that we were seriously considering an elopement, my (now) hubby and I were eager to finally get to one of the more 'fun' items on our list - and Jarosch ensured that the cake tasting process was just that. Upon entering, I was immediately overtaken by a wave of nostalgia. This place reminded me of the little neighborhood bakery my family frequented when I was little, complete with the cheerful staff offering up cookie samples of your choosing. We were led to a private area off of the main bakery floor, where we could comfortably sit with one of the owners to begin planning - while enjoying a complimentary cup of coffee and our sample cake (a generously sized, specially baked cake with each of the flavor combinations in which we expressed interest). The owner was extremely attentive to our likes/dislikes, and worked with us to customize a design when we weren't completely sold on what we saw in the sample books. And for all you Brides on a budget - their prices are quite reasonable (not nearly as high as some bakeries we interviewed initially). We went with the Graham Cracker cake with Chocolate Buttercream frosting, and it was Love at first bite! Truly divine! I think we got almost as many compliments on that cake as I did on my dress (and I'm pretty sure that dress compliments are something of a formality on a wedding day). Not only did it score big points in the taste department (we were repeatedly being asked about the flavor), but it was remarkably fresh. Not at all the day-old feel you sometimes get with wedding cakes.I only wish we had remembered to eat the top layer on our one-year anniversary. It was a big freezer-burned blob when we finally succumbed to throwing it out. Eh, that's the way the cookie, er, cake crumbles I suppose.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,9/4/2012,341,162,21,14,9>Actual conversation witnessed by me whilst enjoying a meal at Yes Asia:*Lady bursts in- on a mission*"You got any tacos??""No ma'am.  This is a Vietnamese restaurant.""A who?  I thought you guys all had tacos?""This used to be a Taco Fresco, but that was a while ago.""Oh.  You know where I can get some tacos?""Uhh, there is a Taco Bell down the street..."*confused and taco-less lady exits*    Candice and I couldn't even make eye contact for fear of losing tea from our nasal cavity in laughter.    What the taco warrior should have done was: sit down, enjoy a delicious bubble tea (maybe some Pho if she was feeling adventurous), and shut the H up about tacos!  How can people in this area not know the amazing BYOB, free WiFi, smoothie, tea, pho having wonder that is Yes Asia?     Unlike the taco tragedy, I will make it my mission to enlighten the residents of Tinley Park so we can all have a happy ending.    The interior is what you'd expect if Sanrio and Gwen Stefani came in with Restaurant Makeover and had at it.  It's cute, colorful and stylish, yet chill.  Adorable.  I love the umbrellas hanging from the ceiling. (How anyone can confuse this for a Taco Fresco is beyond me.)  The menu is more of a book.  You are going to want to come here often and try everything.  All bases covered.  Coffee and desserts, to noodle dishes and full entrees.  I have tried the Avacado Rolls, Vegetable Pho, Veg noodles, and Spring rolls.  All fresh, all flavorful, and all generously portioned.  The Lychee-Peach Iced tea is addicting.  My favorite smoothie is Avocado-kiwi-banana with boba.  Don't make that face.  It's good.  Try it.  The desserts are amazing as well.  A sweet tooth like me can demolish an entire platter of their fried banana.  Skip the tacos and spend the day at Yes Asia.  You won't be disappointed.  Or get it delivered.  They deliver your order via Vespa.. a Vespa!  Do it.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/3/2012,33,144,5,7,3>I'm always on the lookout for new places that combine comforting food with good beer. So on my frequent trips down Butterfield in the DG, LB, OB area, I've been enticed by the "Coming Soon" promises of one Trademark Tavern and Tap. This place must be a place for good food and good beer right? I mean it has Tavern and Tap right in the name. It would be a terrible lie (hah, I just put Nine Inch Nails in your brain now) if it didn't have those things.Well, it has those things, and those things are very good, and since it's brand new and I've been having a very good couple of weeks, I'm giving it the full-on five.So first off, considering my wife and I went there on its first day open to the public, the staff seemed on top of things. Now, the place was far from crowded and a few staff members were a bit idle, but our waitress especially was friendly, efficient and eager to get whatever information we needed about the brand new restaurant.As for the food, I was very impressed. The menu is limited, but it's clear they do those few things very well and I'd take that over a huge selection with no direction and mediocre flavor. Plus everything has that air of classing up traditional bar dishes, which they actually pull off where so many others have failed. The nachos (yeah, I know, I know, whatever) were very tasty, covered in toppings, including absolutely phenomenally seasoned strips of steak that were nearly perfect. If that's what they're putting on the nachos, I can only imagine what the actual entree is like. I had a sort of chicken cordon bleu sandwich with a nicely cook breaded piece of chicken paired with ham and gouda on a delicious Italian style roll. Just awesome.The beer list is above average, but not particularly spectacular. That said, the craft beer choices they do have are some very good ones, with a solid selection on tap and even more in the bottle. The highlight is their house weiss which is apparently brewed by none other than Warrenville's Two Brothers, so you'd be better believe it's good.So after months of waiting for this place to open, I was prepared to be disappointed. How could the actual place live up to my expectations. Well, they lived up to those expectations and then some. Give it a shot, and let's give this place the business it deserves.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,9/2/2012,280,274,6,14,13>DON'T DO IT.I KNOW YOU WANT TO DO IT, BUT DON'T DO IT. STOP YOURSELF.You've probably already done and you don't even realize it.Don't compare A Toda Madre to Bien Trucha.These are two very different restaurants with completely different styles of cuisine. The only thing in common between the two restaurants is the fact that both are operated by the same team/ownership.Bien Trucha is quite simply a finished masterpiece. It's reached a point of near perfection and you can't improve upon perfection. It's the same challenge Chefs run into with Signature Dishes. Legions of fans crave...demand encore performances...of that one hit dish. The Chef Artist becomes a slave to this. What does a Chef do in this scenario?He opens a new business that enables him to showcase the diversity of his/her talent. Every artist must evolve his/her craft; cooking is no different.A Toda Madre is a work in progress; it's the Artist's new project. The restaurant is also based on small plates/shared plates style of dining. There is a great list of Craft Beers and House Cocktails. The cuisine is best described as comfort food inspired by Mexican flavors and ingredients. It reminds me of some of my favorite restaurants in Chicago: Avec, Gilt Bar, Girl & The Goat, and the Purple Pig. Here's what we had:Barbarita Cocktail (Really refreshing blend of citrus, spice, and rum)Bread with Chile Morita Butter (Good but I would recommend saving appetite for other delicious items)Smoked Trout Tostadas (Delicious mix of smoked trout, fresh cabbage slaw, and crunchy tortilla)Masa Cornbread Flatbread (Good savory flavors and a good option to share) Meatballs with Tomato Chipotle Sauce (Easily my favorite dish! Moist & flavorful)Chile Relleno (Gooey melted cheese and roasted pepper and sauce hits the spot)We were pretty full at this point. I definitely want to try the Pork Belly Burrito and one of the Large Plate Specials.The check will be the same as Bien Trucha ($35-50 per person with tax, tip, drinks). The service is very friendly and professional. The space is very cool; it's a cozy cafe/bar with two levels. There is plenty of natural light when the sun is still out and the space feels nice and open.I know you think "he's just making excuses; trying to find reasons to like A Toda Madre." But let me leave you with this.......................If Bien Trucha didn't exist, then how f---in stoked would you be to have a restaurant like A Toda Madre open up in downtown Geneva?Maybe that is why they named it A Toda Madre...We need more local restaurants like this.I'm looking forward to gong back soon.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,9/1/2012,216,369,15,7,10>Let me pimp this review.Pimpin' in 100 degree heat gets tiring, especially when rockin' this custom fur coat. So I called it an early day and found a cool place to recharge and get this pimp game back on track before I start servin' them johns like a boss.The menu here is legit enough to keep the tricks guessin'. I ordered a Stone IPA on draft. Of course IPA stands for "I Pimp Authentically." The young cat daddy behind the bar took awhile to acknowledge this pimpin'. I was fixin' to give him the bottom b***h treatment. Playa thought better of it and I ordered my burger with garlic mayonnaise, bacon, cheddar cheese and a fried egg. They call it the "buckeye". Relax freaks, that's just the name of the burger. But if you lookin' fo' a girl that does the buckeye, the buckwild, the buckcherry, the hustlebuck, then holla 'atcha boy. A-heh-heh.Now I ain't jivin' y'all. This is one of the better burgers I've had in and around Chicag-ho. Just like my girls, this is some of the freshest tasting local meat you can find. Think im wrong? Too bad. It's my way or the dead way, playa. Pints is for pimps. They knockin' the dust off this hustle, ya feel me? Playas gotta eat and drink and this is the place to get ya hustle on, homie. I guarantee you playas will leave with your pimp hand stronger than ever.Get ready to enforce straight guerrilla pimpin' thanks this P.I.M.P - ology at Pints.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,8/31/2012,209,310,6,7,7>Okay, people.... this is one of the Chicago suburbs' best kept secrets, for oh so many reasons.  My friend had mentioned someone had brought these empanadas into her work but she missed trying them because they were gone before she could get her hands on one.  She had been asking me for awhile to go here.  Now I love a good empanada, don't get me wrong.  I have eaten some good cuban ones in Logan Park.  But EmpanadUS puts a whole new spin on things.  The place is a pick it up and go, unless you get lucky to eat at one of the two tables, which we did, which was good, because 2 were not enough-- we had to go back and get another.  Anyway, I started with a chicken and a mushroom.  My favorite was the chicken.  It was like excellently seasoned, crispy and flaky and piping hot.  How do they keep them piping hot in that display case without getting hard????  Must be the right amount of moisture or something scientific like that.  Anyway, the mushroom was tasty, I am a huge fan of mushrooms.  I went back and got the spinach and was in veggie heaven.  Okay, so the best thing about this place is obivs the empanadas themselves.  But they also have this chimi-churri sauce.... I could not get enough of it.  Literally.  Embarrassingly so, I made 4 trips to the counter to grab another spoonful (community style serve yourself).  They sell this, by the way.  Small or large.  Lastly, another one of the awesome things about this place is the owners.   The two owners, brothers from Argentina, get my vote (yes, both of them), for hottest men of the year.  Dang.  Excellent customer service and super friendly.  So, as much as I hate to give up a well-loved secret, I think this little restaurant deserves kudos!!!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,8/30/2012,178,365,6,10,7>Things I care about (in order of importance):1.  Craft beer2.  Food3.  ServicePrice and ambiance don't even come in to the equation.  I will pay more money for good beer and good food, and as long as there's not roaches crawling on me, I'm cool.  With that in mind, Lunar is DEFINITELY the best bar in this neighborhood.  They have a pretty amazing craft beer list and they even brew some of their own beers (which I wasn't a HUGE fan of...reviews to follow).  Food is non-existent here...which sucks because I get hungry when I'm chugging down pints.  The service was good...you actually have to go to the bar to get your drinks, but luckily, it was during the day and dead in there so we got our beers quickly and with a smile.  As for the Lunar taps I tried, all of them tasted obviously home brewed.  What I mean is, they are unfiltered (which is not usually a bad thing, but these seemed to be extra cloudy), have a strong grain taste, have additional ingredients that may or may not meld smoothly with the rest of the beer's ingredients, and are not as balanced as most craft brews (at least in the malt vs. hops).Lunar Moondust White IPA-  This was an okay IPA but my gripe here (besides the stuff listed above) is that it tasted like a strong wheat beer with some hops thrown in.  It was just too strong on the clove and banana notes for me.  Lunar Apollo American Red Ale-  This was the best beer on the Lunar taps.  VERY strong grain taste, but good hops to balance it out.Lunar Summer Solstice Wit-  NO.  Just no.  I tried my friend's beer to see what the issue was as she was wincing with every drink and this beer was just downright gross.  It smelled terrible and tasted like there was dill in it.  I don't know if it was the coriander or what, but it was not good.  I hate hatin' on people's home brews as I know how hard it is to make something worth drinking.  (I'm still not there yet.)  BUT, if you are going to serve it to the public, I guess I'd expect it to be a little more refined.  Point is, stick with the guest taps or bottled list here and you'll be happy.  And if you want to try a home tap, ask for a sample first.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,8/29/2012,92,197,13,13,12>Okay, ask anyone, I love a good wiener.That is to say a great hot dog.It has to meet my criteria: all beef, a good size, and Chicago condiments. Preferably Vienna Beef.Let me break it down.I am a young girl, my father is an outside salesman. I go on sales calls with him in the evening, me our small dog and his El Camino. We ply our wares in communities that surround River Grove.It is 11 p.m. on a Wednesday night sometime in my childhood. We speed past Gene and Judes on our way home on River Road. My father pulls a u'ee on Grand and asks if I want a hot dog.And so it begins.I remember that first night in the white tiled interior of G&J. A heavily tattooed man with a mustache served me my dog, wrapped in white paper with fresh cut fries and orange drink. I bit in to the dog, it snapped back as only an all beef frank could with its heavenly mustard dripping onto the fries. I was enchanted and Gene and Judes was embedded as part of the story of my life.As a teen, I would make my young boyfriends search ceaselessly as we drove around the winding roads of a suburb that I couldn't remember the name of in search of that hot dog place I remembered from my childhood.As a young women, I would be nourished after a night of drinking and a good, or not so good date that only included pretzels at Hala Kahiki.As a mother, my boys and I would wait 1 hour in line after a soccer game on a Saturday afternoon, to receive the ultimate hot dog nirvana.And so it had begun.Someday soon at 2 a.m. you may see my spawn searching in the area of Grand and River roads with a youthful and (hopefully) attractive companion dying to find the fabled hot dog place.Blessings to you and all of your followers Gene and Jude's. And, if you run into the mustached man tell him that a cute little blond sent you.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/28/2012,283,456,11,14,9>AHHHHH!! I love Thipi Thai!! It's delicious and wonderful and fresh and clean and delicious and wonderful! I can't wait to go back!!!Not only was the service exceptional, the food was great and the prices were just right. Impressive. Who knew this little gem was hidden inside of downtown Glen Ellyn? What a treat. I have been eating a lot of Thai food lately because it's healthier and better than Chinese food at my local restaurant joints, so finding this place was exciting. Our close friends live nearby, so this will hopefully be a place we frequent when we are hanging out with them. Even for takeout. We started with a coconut shrimp app which was 4 shrimp and a perfect little app for two people to share. We should have gotten 2 orders or a second app for our group of 4. The shrimp were fresh, hot and delicious.Two of us ordered the spicy basil chicken. Of course, as I am such a pain in the ass, I had to order it without mushrooms, easy onion and lotsa green bell pepper. My friend ordered it with brown rice and he was happy that he did, and even thought it was an extra $1, it was worth every penny. My meal showed up with all the green peppers as requested, minimal onion and not a mushroom in sight (at least not on my plate). Thank you TT, for taking such care in perfectly preparing my meal.My girlfriend opted for a salmon lo mein dish and she really enjoyed it. There was a ton of fish and she was very pleased. My fiance ordered the lemon grass beef dish and also was very pleased. Who knew he even liked lemongrass? There is a first time for everything, I guess. The bill for the 4 of us, was about $65 and we each had a perfectly satisfying meal. I have been raving about this place since last weekend and can't wait to take all our other friends here to enjoy a meal here with us.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,8/27/2012,359,353,9,12,12>I'm confident I can describe Zenwich is pure amazingness smashed between a warm and toasty ciabatta. Whether it's meat, seafood, tofu, or veggies, it's simply to die for. And deserves the recognition it has received. The menu is limited to sandwiches, a few sides, a handful of salads, and a few weekly specials. Have no fear...there's definitely something here that will make you all giddy inside. And with fresh ingredients nonetheless!After much deliberation, I opted to go for the Veggie Tempura Teriyaki sandwich, that was loaded with tempura veggies and baby greens, doused in teriyaki sauce. I devoured that little sammy like it was my last meal. It was phenomenal. I loved that it contained more veggies and greens than heavy tempura breading. The sweetness of the teriyaki sauce complemented the veggies nicely. I loved that the side of cucumber salad had a hint of red onion and jalapeno to spice it up. Also, delish. My seafood eating half went for the Spicy Garlic Shrimp Sandwich which had fried shrimp, crunchy garlic, arugula, cilantro, and homemade spicy mayo. The mayo def had a kick to it, so for someone like me who is somewhat of a sissy when it comes to spicy food, I thought it was slightly much. However, he also ate it like it was his last meal on earth and is still raving about it. I'm not a huge fan of cole slaw, but decided to go with the gingerslaw for his side. Although I didn't sense a strong ginger presence, it was one of the few slaws I've actually enjoyed and didn't want to immediately spit it out.For dessert, there were beautifully wrapped bags of toffee sitting on the counter and I couldn't resist. We ended up bringing home a bag of the Lavender Sea Salt Toffee and the Espresso Toffee. If I wasn't diabetic, both of those bags would have been eaten by now. ((Damn pancreas)).The service was amazing. For not being "fast food", our sandwiches came out within a matter of minutes. The staff made sure we were happy without our food and wanted to make sure we had a pleasant experience. The guy who took our order also made great recommendations and was happy to answer my 1.2 million questions.While we were there, I also picked up a punch card. Buy 9 Zenwiches and get your 10th for free. The only word I can think of to describe this is the over-used "winning." But seriously, winning!! In just a few trips, we'll be getting a Zenwich just for being a loyal customer.Zenwich is tiny and doesn't offer a ton of seating, so if you leave near by and it's during the busy lunch/dinner rushes, taking your order to go or opting for delivery isn't a bad idea! I love the concept of Asian flavors on ciabatta bread. The fusion of the two created this perfect little place called Zenwich. I absolutely love it and can't wait to get back. I'm determined to try just about every sandwich on their menu. Nomz.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/26/2012,252,423,6,7,7>Oh, Country Donuts, I am so glad you are in the exact opposite direction on Lake Street I need to drive to work.  Because if you were on my daily route I'd be having a donut for breakfast every day and thus weigh fifty pounds more.We have sampled just about all their donuts and I have not been disappointed by a one.  My favorites are the classic Honeydipped (you mere mortals may refer to this as a Plain Glazed), the Sour Cream cake donut, the Red Velvet cake donut and, if I'm feeling extra naughty, the Toasted Coconut raised donut (heated just a bit for extra to-die-for-ness).We also recently popped in for a light lunch of soup, bagel and a donut, of course.  I had the Italian Wedding Soup and hubby had the Chili, both quite delicious.  The bagels are good, too.  Not a huge variety but then again they aren't called Country Bagels, so get over it.And they aren't kidding when they say they have the best coffee.  I'll take them over Dunkin' any day.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/25/2012,57,59,6,9,3>Well, I'm all sorts of screwed.  I'm a huge cupcake fanatic and would have one every day, but have lucked out since my favorite store (Sweet Mandy B's) is too far away and the local store (Sugar Monkeys) is absolutely ghastly.So when I saw the "Coming Soon" banner go up for Miss Joan's, I've waited with barely hidden anticipation and just a little concern over the welfare of my already fragile dieting program.Once the 'Open' sign flickered on, me and the significant other were in. First thought: The store decor is adorable. It's what you expect a cupcake shop to look like, but the bright colors and clean counters really make the place sparkle. The ceiling tiles are custom swirl patterns that really make the shop unique. After I voiced this to the owner's husband, he lovingly (and a little sheepishly) recounted how they cut and installed the tiles all by themselves. Gotta love owners who put their heart (and their backs!) into every aspect of their stores.But you don't really care about the decor, do you? So let's talk taste. Miss Joan's does specialty cupcakes very well, but the basics leave a little to be desired. When it comes to specialty cupcakes, holy moly, are the Smores and Carrot Cake cupcakes good! Miss Joan's cream cheese frosting is among the best I've tasted and the spices in the actual cake itself is to die for. I love old-school carrot cake mixes that have the raisins in them and Miss Joan makes a mean old-school Carrot Cake mix. The Smores cupcake is basically a gift from god - moist chocolate cake with a graham cracker bottom, topped with toasted marshmallow fluff. Yum!But Miss Joan's doesn't particularly shine on basic cupcakes - I love me a good vanilla cake and butter cream frosting cupcake, and here they dropped the ball. The cake was sorta bland and the icing decent, but just not sweet enough. Still, the other cupcakes we had were so good that I'm sure that Miss Joan's is still getting their sea-legs and that the basic cupcake recipes will improve.Also, I know that they are in the process of training new bakers, but they *really* need to have more cupcakes. They usually sell out and close down the shop by 6:30 - 7:00 pm, which when you're getting off to work and need a cupcake fix, is a bummer.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,8/24/2012,287,787,6,7,7>So I guess I'm going to finally finish this book that's been started/stopped so many times.  I will have Elijah's to thank for that! This place is super cozy, yet there's an open feel with the windows and the very friendly staff.  All that made me feel so comfortable that I was able to sink into this book and get some reading done!  The reading chair was so comfy and the coffee (white caramel latte) was so delicious that my time spent there was so well worth it.  People were coming and going, but quite a few students (I'm assuming they were Elmhurst College students) were busy on their laptops and a couple of Soccer Moms took up a couch to catch up. The vibe was so relaxing.  There's great seating inside--sit at the tables or snag a comfy chair.  There's also a pretty big menu board of drinks available--just like the other Elijah's.  There are tons of park benches just outside that will warrant a stay the next time I visit.  Situated in downtown Elmhurst close to shopping and restaurants.  I love this place!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,8/23/2012,29,80,8,12,11>I'm not going to write about The Corner House's opening night, which was a triumph by all accounts. Of course it would be great. Any reason to un-roll the sidewalks in downtown Lombard is worth heralding.I decided to return on a dreary Monday afternoon, when the excitement would be gone and I could get a good feel for the place. And it feels very, very good.Jerome (the manager) suggested a new drink to me, one with coffee, two types of chocolate and latte, and not surprisingly, it was terrific. Hoping for a bite to eat, I got a pastrami on rye which was just okay, but I won't ding them on it because that's not why smart people will come here. They'll come because of the decor, which is amazing when you consider how bleak the site looked just three months ago. They'll come because of the fine selection of coffee, tea, smoothies and desserts, along with whatever else the enthusiastic ownership and staff creates. They'll come because downtown Lombard NEEDS a place like this, where you are greeted with warmth and smiles (from Cloe and James, among others whose names are unknown to me for now) on an unpleasant Monday afternoon.It appears that no expense was spared in re-developing the location. Everything adds to the cosiness of the place: the lighting, the photography on the walls, the counter, the colors... and I really like the bathroom. Low-brow, I know, but not only is the bathroom as appealing as a bathroom can be, the men's toilet offers two different volumes of flushes depending on why you were there, if you catch my drift. How cool is that? Some comfy seating was available, but I sat at the very big table because it was empty; it seems strange to have a such a rectangular table with nine chairs in a coffee house, but hopefully Lombardians who don't know each other will be more willing to share the table with relative strangers and find some commonality, as my wife and I did with Deb on Saturday. This afternoon, I sat alone and looked out the clean windows to my downtown, struggling like so many other downtowns. Only one block away from the train station, there are still some open store fronts to be seen, but through The Corner House's windows, my town didn't seem so hopeless. I like to think that a renaissance is starting for the Lilac Village, and it's starting here. Not only will live music be offered on a regular basis, but a weekly open mike will be coming soon and I'll be eager to sign up. Outside seating is planned, and it'll be put to good use, once Mother Nature makes the prospect more desirable. Just as in hubs of vibrant central business districts, perhaps other community events can be conceived and nurtured, and maybe I'll daydream on how this little corner of the world that I call home is growing again.For those of you that want more out of Lombard, this is it! Don't pass it by. A lot of money and hope was invested in this business. It's time for the many bored suburbanites, trying to find our version of Hemingway's "clean, well-lighted place," to prove that it was a wise investment. Let's do it together at the big table with some inspired cups of goodness.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/22/2012,86,198,15,10,9>You know the part in Lord of the Rings where Gandalf comes barreling out of Minas Tirith on Shadowfax to meet Faramir and his host of Gondorian soldiers returning from the sieged city of Osgiliath? All the Nazgul are flying in the air about to pick them off, and suddenly Gandalf casts some magic spell and turns them back? Well, much how no one in the land of Middle Earth ever questioned that magic, I've never questioned how it is that Ann can do such a good job of cutting and dying my hair.Here's some tips on the new location- Downtown Glen Ellyn can kind of be a hassle, so as soon as you turn on to Crescent off Main, just park wherever you can. Don't get greedy trying to get close. If you see a spot, just nab it. You're competing with other downtown traffic AND people taking the train.There isn't really any external signage that I noticed, so just look for 526, which is just this office building lobby looking sort of entrance. Take the stairs down, and it's obvious where to go from there. But, yeah, if you're even vaguely local and you're getting your hair cut by anyone who isn't Ann, you need to seriously re-evaluate your priorities in life.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,8/21/2012,175,170,7,7,7>Let me preface this review by saying this is my first professional massage ever.  This has to be one of the best bargains in the history of massages.  $28 for a "foot" massage that is a full body.  You MUST be able to handle some serious pressure and I have no idea if you tell the receptionist that you'd like it lighter they would do it lighter or not.  I personally have a very high pain tolerance and love a serious ass kicking when it comes to a neck rub.  My wife cannot put enough pressure without her feeling like she is going to break something.  I had a kink in my neck for the last couple weeks.  Since I have always been skeptical of massages in general, and when my wife goes somewhere it costs an arm and a leg, I was hesitant to go and get one.  We went on vacation last week and I considered it beforehand and didn't go, then again while we were on vaca because I coughed the morning we left and it just threw my whole body out of whack.  I never had the chance to go while we were out of town for a wedding just due to the schedule of a wedding weekend when one is in the bridal party.  I finally went today, two days after we returned, and I am so happy I did.  It's a solid hour long and they get you everywhere.  I know people have commented about people not being certified, but this girl knew what she was doing.  I officially feel normal again.  It was so nice, I'm considering going back later this week and adding a half hour to get to 1.5 hours.  I believe its only an extra $14.  Seriously, at .50 cents a minute, this is a fantabulous deal.  I tipped the girl $10, so it came out to be $38.  Well worth it.  My neck finally feels normal again.  I told the girl up front this was my first massage ever (at the end when I paid, not any of that pre-pay BS I've read about at other massage places) and she asked, "Why?!?"  I totally get it now.  Phew, what a relief to not feel like I'm carrying a bag of bricks around on my shoulders.  The ambiance was really nice also.  Running water just flowing away.  Soothing music doing what soothing music does.  Just nice and relaxing.  Oh, and the boiling hot water that my feet sat in for the first 20 minutes felt fantastic as well.  Not sure how they keep it so hot, but it was wonderful.  If you can't handle a little pain and some great pressure from a massage then maybe this isn't the place for you, but if you can deal with it then this is one of the best values in town.  I think you can see from the 1-star reviews and the 5-star reviews that some people just can't deal with that kind of heavy-handed work and some people can.  And when it comes to Chinese labor, I'm wondering if "Customer E." is rocking an iPhone or wearing a shirt made in China because those things are just as bad if not worse if you are so socially conscious.  I, on the other hand, have an iPhone, iPad, macbook, apple tv and 2 apple routers, so....I think you know where I stand on Chinese labor.  What can I say, they make a great product.  I think you'd be pleasantly surprised for a $28 "foot" massage.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,8/20/2012,31,287,11,8,8>For a special dinner, my wife and I dined at Seasons 475. Oops, I mean Seasons 52. Each item on their menu is less than 475 calories and they change seasons 4 times a year. Dang it, I messed up again. Their menu is seasonal and changes 52 times a year. I get confused with all of the numbers. I was forewarned that the entrees were smaller than what you may be used to. I ordered the venison chop that was served with a mushroom ragu, asparagus, and mashed potatoes in truffle oil. Somebody needs to redo their math because I don't know how it was less than 475 calories. Regardless, the dish was superb. The venison was lean with a slight gaminess that went perfectly with the earthiness of the mushrooms and truffle oil. This was a five star dish that couldn't possibly be considered a light meal. Since everything on the menu was light in calories, my wife and I ordered two appetizers, two entrees, and two desserts. I was eating "right" and loving it. This was the kind of diet that I can commit to. Eating right and enjoying food at Seasons 475, I mean 52.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,8/19/2012,850,1294,8,16,9>Euro Grill is all grown up!They used to be located at another small shopping strip in Des Plaines, but a couple years ago they closed down (as did Chef's Corner in Naperville) and I couldn't get Cevapi in the Suburbs. I had to trek it all the way to Chicago. And you're probably thinking, "Tough shit," right? My Grandpa's response to saying meat was overcooked and tough was always, "It's tougher where there isn't any." Well, for about a year there wasn't a single Cevapi place within 20 miles of home. Let's just say that was a very dark time for me.Euro Grill is now located in Rayyan Plaza III, which is a small shopping center on the east side of Elmhurst Rd between Algonquin & Dempster. If you blink you might miss it, but I hope you find it. It's definitely worth it. Everything has been upgraded. I liked the old place because it was small and cozy; however, the newer place is bright and open. They have tons of seating now and the menu has expanded a little bit.The food could be described as "Balkan's Best." They have Cevapi, which are seasoned minced meat sausages served atop a pillowy Lepinja (fluffy Balkan pita-style bread) with a side of diced onions, tomatoes and Kajmak (a buttery sour spread). You can also get Pljeskavica (Balkan-style Burger) or a stuffed Pljeskavica with cheese. If you can't make up your mind then go with Mijesano Meso (Mixed Meat). If you want something a little less messy then you can grab yourself a meat-filled Burek (filo dough stuffed with spiced ground beef). Maybe meat isn't your thing, but have no fear! The Cheese Burek will do the trick. You also have Pasulj (Bean Soup) or Sopska Salata (onion, tomato, cucumber salad) topped with Feta cheese. Another option is the Cabbage Salad or fresh French Fries (ask them to top the fries with Feta!).As you can see, it's not an extensive menu, but it's really all you need to know when it comes to basic Balkan dishes. If you can believe it, the old menu was much smaller. The prices are decent and you can lose a few hours there sipping Turkish coffee, beer or Fructal fruit juices. I highly recommend finishing the meal off with a Baklava or Tulumba (honey-soaked baked treat).
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,8/18/2012,239,635,11,17,14>I found my thrill on Blueberry Hill.On Blueberry Hill where I found you.I mean, don't you really just want to sing that song to the hostess and your wait person?So, keep your eyes open, because if you are traveling south on Route 83, there is no signage and the entrance is hidden by trees, but trust me, that's where you will find this place, right on the corner.Never having been here previously, I found the hostess desk hidden to the left of the front door, even with the booths.  If there is a crowd, you would never see it.  Ah, the crowd, mostly seniors, which is fine with me, and then young families.  I can understand that ~ the prices are very reasonable and the food is tasty.  Servings are generous and ours arrived very quickly and very hot, just like it should.  Carafe of ice water left on the table and coffee refills frequently.However, I found it interesting that despite open tables spread throughout the restaurant, when someone left, the table was quickly cleaned and the next party seated, that means a little nudge to vacate your table and get on with your day.No wait on a very hot weekday morning.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,8/17/2012,53,47,5,13,7>When you see Indian families eating at an Indian-food place, you know it's good stuff!  OMango offers delicious fast-casual food in an open, stylish environment.  If you are curious to try Indian Food but are a little hesitant, OMango is an easy and tasty place to start.  How it Works:Similar to Panera, you order at the counter when you walk in and get a pager to let you know when it's ready to pick up at the counter.  Menus are available when you walk in and are easy to understand.Food:The Mango Coconut Curry was YUM-O.  I could seriously DRINK shots of the mango coconut curry and be oh-so-happy.  The curry was smooth and not spicy.  It balanced my side order of samosas, which were mildly spicy.  The samosas appear to be baked, not deep-fried, which lines up with OMango's value on healthy foods.  Environment and Decor:The place is decorated in vibrant colors, stylish decor, and thoughtful details.  The restaurant seats about 40+ people and is comfortable for groups or families.  Ways to Improve:The two interesting drinks offered are Chai Latte and Mango Lassi.  I would love to see the drink menu expanded.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,8/16/2012,65,108,1,4,4>I don't know how to use the word quaint and spacious in the same sentence to describe Jolane's, but that's what it's like! It feels like a quaint place to enjoy your delicious Illy coffee, but offers a beautiful spacious sun room during the cold winter months. If there's a place to go to "be outside" in the winter, it's this place. This newly renovated space about a year into it's greatness, is the place to be when you're in cold Glenview in the winter. It offers the Vitamin D that we're lacking in the winter, but keeps you warm!The drinks menu exceeds the food menu here at Jolane's but you feel somewhat satified with your dining choices during lunch. I've never been there for dinner, but the flat paninis with your choice of homemade salt and pepper potato chips or their chicken salad with a fruit salad always make the perfect lunch for me. :) Their array of desserts is also a must if you have a sweet tooth. Who am I kidding though! There's always room for dessert for me! :)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,8/15/2012,43,217,5,5,6>This may come as a shock if you've read my other reviews... but I am struggling for words. Our experience at Vie was absolute perfection. We went for the eight course tasting menu with wine pairings. A couple of notes here - this is a very very expensive way to go and it is a lot of food and a lot of wine. I regret... none of it. The night was a blur of food and wine and I couldn't even begin to describe all of my courses in a way that would highlight all of the genius that went into creating the flavor, mouth feel, and presentation of each course. There was one wine pairing that I didn't agree with and the dessert wasn't exactly what I was looking for (but it was paired exactly perfectly with the wine, and it was still put together with amazing perfection). When my fiance and I left we were both euphoric as we put our coats on. Nothing could make our night more perfect. Until, we were able to shake hands with and thank Chef Virant who was just standing by the front door to say thank you and goodbye - fantastic!!  As a side note - I went back to edit this posting and felt like I was saying perfect an amazing amount and tried to scale myself down... but then I realized there is no other word. Our experience at Vie was perfect. If you love food, don't miss this - we are so lucky to have this in the suburbs. I would say go on a night where you are fully prepared to spend an exorbitant amount of money though, because this is not the place to go cheap. Go for the full experience and savor each and every bite you take.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,8/14/2012,14,23,5,6,6>The unofficial workout anthem at Knockout is Kelly Clarkson's song Stronger, and this really says all you need to know about Knockout.  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, right?When I started my first group classes here in November, my goal for the first couple of weeks was "don't puke."  I'm proud to say I accomplished this goal, but it was a squeaker sometimes.  Knockout classes are no fuss, full effort affairs, and you can be sure your time will never be wasted.  Ultimately, getting though your first couple of classes gives you an AMAZING feeling.  Even better, you can go to the same class each week and always do something different, with a different goal or purpose behind that class's focus.  Coach Jess, Coach Gretchen, and the rest of the crew are phenomenal teachers, and whether you're a newbie or an old pro, they'll give you feedback during group classes to improve your individual performance.  One thing really emphasized at Knockout is that it's also a community.  Do not be anxious or intimidated about trying a class for the first time, because every last lady here is welcoming and supportive.  Lastly, and perhaps most dear to my heart - Knockout gives back.  Whether it's a toy drive in December,  or a jump rope fundraiser for the American Heart Association in February, Coach Jess always finds excellent ways for Knockout to be more than just a gym.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,8/13/2012,135,77,5,17,6>Best tattoo experience of my life...fo sho! I've had at least 12-15 hours worth of work done prior to my experience at Constable. While I'd say there are great artists and shops everywhere if look hard enough, why look when its right there for ya in 1 shop?! I got a tat by Brendan H. and he KILLED it (that's a good thing)! I also got to see Kyle (owner) and Junior's work which were awesome too. The artists take an interest in all art that was being made, so they were commenting on each others sketches and making sure their clients got the best tattoos possible. The vibe is casual and youthful, and the place is IMMACULATE! As long as they're open, I don't ever see myself going anywhere else for tattoos again!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,8/12/2012,102,185,2,8,5>The first time we stopped in, I noticed this ice cream shop was not what I expected.  The paletas are not the traditional flavors the guys with the carts push around. This is a more exciting kind of paleta. Most of them have chunks of fruit in them and some flavors are not what you're used to. I opted for the yogurt when I saw people walking by with a cup full of a white liquid and fruit inside. This is straight up Mexican yogurt. A little sour, liquidy, and addicting. You get your choice of any or all of the toppings: peanuts, granola, Oreos, coconut and raisins. They're pretty brand new and don't really have any signs up with the full menu but so far, from what I can tell, their selection includes paletas, some very creative flavors of ice cream (Mangoneadas= mango ice cream with Tajin and chile), Mexican yogurt,   cueritos, and elotes. It seems they are planning on opening a second location in Berwyn soon.  The only thing that sucks is that it is located in a small strip mall and since it has quickly become very popular, parking is difficult.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,8/11/2012,222,278,3,4,4>My sister said yes to the dress!Ok, so my sister made it pretty easy. She had ONE dress in mind going in. The whole reason she ended up here was because this was the only store that had it. The associate that helped my sister was very nice, not in a rush, not pushing her towards a certain style or anything. Let my sister, myself, and my mom all look through and potentially pull dresses...lucky for her we didn't get carried away. My sister tried on about 5 dresses. We had 3 contenders, but ultimately decided that the one she went to this shop for, was the winner. When the associate "jacked her up" like they say on those fancy TV shows (put a veil on here and gave her a bouquet to hold), my mom started crying. Typical right? But I guess that just solidified it. They also let you take pictures here! They let you do $100 deposit to hold an order, so if for some reason the designer decides not to make that dress anymore they will call you in to get the order finalized immediately before you run into an issue. Then you put half down when you place the order, and I'm assuming the other half when you do your final fittings or when you leave with it. I think that's a great convenience for the deposit. We liked how it was a nice, little boutique that wasn't crowded.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,8/10/2012,76,121,6,7,6>I have to, yet again for the 3rd time, re-review this place because it's just SO GOOD!  But this time in a different context:  I catered from eshticken for my son's birthday party, and it was a COMPLETE HIT.I'm talking about twelve 10 year olds, mostly boys, and 10 adults.  I wasn't sure about individual tastes, so I decided to get mighty meaty, plain cheese of course, and then my son's favorite- The Windy pizza.  I also ordered a ton of chicken wings (about 60) in sour cream & onion and garlic- Parmesan flavors.  Well....they devoured EVERYTHING!  Surprisingly, the boys LOVED the windy pizza the most!!Eshticken pizza made for an awesome presentation too.  They were also super-accommodating in every possible way, from cutting the slices to freshness upon ordering time.Best of all it was plenty of food.  For a party where I had to worry about everything else, last thing I wanted was to have to make anything on the side!  I simply boiled corn on the cobs to go along with the order and I had one HECK of a party spread! (check out the pics I posted from the party!)I HIGHLY recommend you cater from them for your next party or event!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/9/2012,83,41,9,9,9>Oh. Em. Gee.Seriously, though - Next time I might have to walk here...all you can eat!And I did.I ordered a few things based on awesome name alone - Godzilla Roll, Lion King Roll...and I LOVED them. This is the third sushi place I've been, and it ties for the #1 spot. $25 for the AYCE, and I was more than filled. Almost everything was fantastic with the sole exception of the NY Steak Roll...which I tried for the novelty of having steak in a roll, and it was ... well, steak in a roll. Nothing terribly great about that one, but everything else, from the Double Salmon Roll, to the Paradise Roll (sweet goodness that was great), was fantastic.Going back asap, no questions about it. And it's right down the street...I can call it "exercise" by walking there!Great service and great food. I can't recommend this place enough.Go.Eat.Love.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,8/8/2012,4,51,4,3,4>Went here for the first time tonight, and was pleasantly surprised. For a hidden strip mall Thai place, Siri Thai isn't that bad. They were quite busy for a Friday night, with both phones ringing off the hook when I arrived to pick up the meal I'd phoned in about 20 minutes earlier. No complaints there..the food was ready when I arrived. However, both phones had to be attended, so my food sat off to the side for awhile while the person ordering tried to convey their order and make sure it was understood. They apparently wanted to make sure that they got their name precisely right (to that idiotic person--was there going to be a spelling bee for the hostess with your name as a word tomorrow??? Do what I do when ordering take out and someone mispronounces your name--just go with it! It's a little fun, and you're not tying up other people's time for something that doesn't matter too much.About the food...It made it home still warm and so I dug in right away. The portion sizes are the usual for most Thai or Chinese restaurants--large enough for a day and a half of leftovers. The Hot Chili Garlic Shrimp was very tasty and spicy. Probably a little too spicy for most people, but I liked it. It was spicy enough to make the lips and tongue tingle, but not spicy enough to make me run for a glass of milk. Surprisingly, the shrimp hadn't had time to absorb most of the flavors of the dish, and so wasn't the centerpiece of the dish. The eggplant chunks were firm, but had absorbed most of the flavors perfectly. I could almost eat a whole dish of eggplant stewed in any of their delicious sauces after this evening's meal.The ginger beef was a good mix of flavors, but there was a heavy reliance on big slices of onion as a major portion of this dish. The flavor was great, and the sauce will  sure taste terrific over the leftover rice tomorrow, but after the excess onions are dealt with.The restaurant itself had kind of a kitschy feel to it with all the knickknacks for sale right inside the doorway, but this added to the quizzical charm of the place. I'm not quite sure how the $90 bronze golfer right inside the doorway or the miniature 1950s gas pump sitting off to the side got mixed in with all the other items that were a little more related to Thailand's history and culture, but I'm sure they could provide an excellent conversation starter!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,8/7/2012,200,204,10,11,9>I don't know enough about yoga to give this place 5 stars, but I'm certain it isn't far off.  That said, I did come here yesterday for a hot yoga class with Becki.Hot as heck.  Yeah, and the temperature in the room was pretty hot too.  But I did not come here because I knew that there was a hot yoga master who was going to walk around telling me what to do, because I don't like to be domineered, or whatever ;)I came because I promised my wife that I'd go to a class before June was up.  And since this is the last weekend of the month, I figured I'd go, there's no way around it.So I bought a mat and prayed I wouldn't die in the class.Upon entering the building, it's pretty dimly lit and reminds me of Massage Envy.  The men's locker room doesn't smell like the usual Men's locker room, like fun and nasty.  It's pretty clean smelling, and pretty clean in appearance, albeit small.  So this was my first yoga class ever, and my first hot yoga class ever.  The cards were pretty stacked against me.  I'm the kind of person who sweats while eating.  I wasn't sure how I was going to make it through this, but I did, and it felt great!  I think the heat definitely helped for some added limberness.  I really feel like I was able to do more because of the heat than I would have than at room temperature.  And the room was dimly lit so I didn't have to worry if I didn't know what "dancer" pose or "half moon" or "camel" look like.  I was able to discreetly check what everyone else was doing, my problem is sometimes I look at the ONE person in the room who is doing the exact wrong opposite thing.  So coming from me, a guy who has never set foot on a yoga mat, let me say:I will return to Becki's class, for sure.  She has great taste in music, which is important in getting me through things I need to do, like work or work out.  Honestly, music is the key.  If we didn't have radios in the operating room, I would go home when our cases are done every day, instead of sticking around to stock and set up for the next day. Why?  Because I can listen to Pandora!  It's the music.Becki's playlist consisted of, to mention a few bands, 311, Death Cab for Cutie and Pearl Jam.  That's enough to get me back.Looking forward to my next class!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,8/6/2012,58,156,6,9,6>Two Brothers Roundhouse has become a must stop at venue whenever I venture to the city of Lights.  It's pretty nice being able to sit down at the bar and enjoy a pint or 3 and then take home the same beer that you'd been enjoying.  So let's cut to the skinny of what's awesome:Awesome beers (my fav. Is Cane & Ebel) Tasty food (personal picks: fish tacos & burgers)Energetic staff that cares about food & beerHuge @ss location (think their Warrenville location X 5)Cons:It's sooo far from me!  Two Brothers if you could invent a teleportation device I'll kindly remove this con-comment!  Look forward to your response!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,8/5/2012,176,176,5,7,7>If you grew up on Mexican food like I did, you may sense a feeling of nostalgia from the food when dining at Poblano Pepper Grill. To me, the flavor and texture of the entree I ordered was almost like a home cooked meal: maybe not too fancy, but made with heart.I stopped in for lunch one afternoon and ordered the Chicken Enchiladas Suizas (with green sauce) which came with beans and rice. The corn tortillas had a slight crispness on the edges, kind of like when I've quick fried my corn tortillas at home to soften them up before filling and rolling them into enchiladas. The green sauce wasn't spicy at all, but that was okay. The Spanish rice had peas and a few small, cubed potatoes mixed in. The refried beans were okay. They appeared to be made from black beans, too dark to be pinto beans.The chips that were served before the meal appeared to be deep fried in-house (a little greasy). The red sauce was thin (versus chunky) and had a good flavor, but not spicy. And their guacamole was pretty good, obviously made fresh that day. I'll probably order more next time.So these few taste combinations were initially what made me think of homemade food. But the warm feeling came when the owner stopped at my table and introduced herself. She asked how the food was and how I was doing. A very kind hearted woman with a smile who seemed genuinely interested in making sure her food met with approval. Before I left, she thanked me a few times for coming in and invited me back again.You can usually tell when someone is just being courteous versus when someone is genuinely appreciative of your visit to their establishment. I left feeling good. So this may not be the best Mexican food you've ever had, but the home cooked flavor and interaction with the owner is what sold me on my first impression of this place. I love local mom and pop shops for this very reason.Next time, I'll probably ask for their recommendation on a hotter, spicier entree.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,8/3/2012,148,174,5,6,7>I'm going to start this one with what I DON'T like about Tribes.Actually its just as much about what I don't like about my own home.You see Tribes and my home while both great places are nowhere near one another.This is in no fault of Tribes so I've made it a point to visit on more than one occasion.Basically its this simple if you are a man you LOVE Tribes.Why?Because what are the things men love most?1) Beer2) Meat3) PuActually lets just stop that list at the first two things shall we?Anyway Tribes has incredibly high quality beer and meat in SPADES.I'm talking probably one of the best tap lists I've seen in the Chicago area let alone the suburbs.Hip city bars take note, Tribes is doing it RIGHT.On my visit to eat I had the Lamb Lollichops and the Steak Salad and my friend got the Bison Burger.Food-gasims were had all round and a new tradition was immediately declared.So if you're a fan of high quality beers and great food with a nice atmosphere Tribes is definitely for you!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,8/2/2012,74,502,5,5,5>I thought I was visiting Meaner Wiener but I guess this place is now called Classic 50s Wiener. Checked their facebook page and they said they had to change the name due to infringement. Same place/different name. I've always seen the person dressed in the ridiculous hotdog costume parading alongside Irving Park but I've never stopped in until now. They have various retro memorabilia all over the walls which I thought was really cool and they play the quintessential 50's music. They also have a dish of candy that had smarties, now and laters, gumballs, etc. They also sell black jack gum (and another type of throw back gum) at the counter. There is a display of bottled soft drinks for purchase as well (think green river, dog  -n- suds rootbeer, etc). There is also a really neat jukebox when you first walk in.When I first walked in (around 1pm) no one was in the place. There was a young girl working the counter and she didn't offer any type of greeting which was really awkward. Anyways, I ordered the 2 hotdog special that came with fries & a drink. I really should have just gotten the 1 hotdog special because that's all I could eat. The 2 dog special is definitely enough for 2 people to split (think cheapie date).I actually really liked the dog. It came on a fresh, poppy seed bun. Had the traditional "Chicago style" fixings; mustard, chopped onion, relish, tomato (WITH celery salt!!!!) and a really generous pickle spear. The fries had the skins but they really weren't all that greasy which I liked. My order was to go and I was asked if I wanted ketchup. At first, I was hesitant to say yes because I don't want anyone thinking that I would dare put ketchup on a hotdog. Since I had fries I felt it was acceptable to accept the offer.The 2 hotdog special w/ drink & fries was $6.90 which seems a tad pricey considering other places have the same deal for around $5. But since the dog was good, I'm sure I will be back.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/1/2012,168,197,5,13,7>I think that I have found a new way to eat and treat my body...I've never been one to choose to eat organically or even consider blended juices but now that I realize I am not an invincible kid, I think it's time to watch out for the heart and mind.I drove by during the construction of this place and was eager to see what it was all about.  Today, I had the chance to stop in and see for myself what the hype was about.The place is in a great location in HP and was extremely clean and fun inside.  While I only had the chance for a quick stop, I picked up two of the juices to give them a whirl.The first was the "Rejuvenate".  OMG, this was the unexpected refreshing slap I needed.  What a perfect blend on a hot day.  The mint and ginger left such an awesome aftertaste!  I believe that there was also pear juice but I'll have to stop by and get another one just to be sure  :)The second one was the "Quench" and the color grabs you right away.  Blended carrots, ginger, and Apple were a match made in Heaven!  There were so many choices and I cannot wait to try them all.  The one thing that grabbed me that I have to sample was the Avocado wrapped sushi with pickled ginger.  I am a big fan already just from the drinks and the friendly staff and will be back - and often...
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,7/31/2012,61,173,3,5,4>EC is a precious part of my childhood growing up in Lombard. I have fond memories of jumping up and down whenever my parents mentioned this place. I am now 24.. and jump up and down on the inside when I get a group to go or take my little cousins here. I can speak on behalf of every age range. The ball pit and gymnasium area with the tubes was awesome ( but now im too big for it :(  ) They keep the games fresh and new, its very much a 90's arcade. Lazer tag, mini golf, go karts, bumper cars, air hockey and even mini bowling.. plus all the traditional ski-ball type games, with many shooters, innovative games are tried out here and there is something new every time I visit. The ticket redemption and prizes range from tired and sorry to really cool and collectible ( check out the coca-cola memorabilia case) Oh and dont come here for the food... no.. the pizza is like little caesars.. cheap quality, but if you're down with that then great!  Bring the kids, bring the cousins, bring a date, dont bring your grandparents.. I hope this place is open long enough for me to take my kids here!... It can our thing! ...
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/30/2012,68,391,3,5,3>Went to Brazil Express with my boyfriend for dinner on friday night. We found Brazil express on resturant.com so decided to give it a shot. I must say I was plesently surprised. While not as fancy as texas de Brazil. The food and service here were both excelent. The dinning room here is a bit on the small side so I expect when the word gets out there will be a wait to get in. The buffet here is great and had all my favorites. The fresh mozzerella was great and so were the other cheeses. I also really enjoyed the meat cuts. The meats were all cooked to perfection and well seasoned. I actually enjoyed the flank steak here more then Texas De Brazil. Our server was super friendly and great with the drink refills. The owner was also very friendly and made sure everything we got was to our liking. The value here is also great costing less then half the price of Texas de Brazil. I look forward to eating here again soon.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,7/29/2012,428,1216,3,3,4>I recently accompanied European friends on the tour - it was also my first time.  Their grandfather was an architect and adored Wright.  Even if your out-of-town visitors aren't into architecture, I recommend a visit.The Home and Studio is inspiring as a homeowner; alas, if only I had another four thousand square feet to play with.  Every room in the home was especially designed for form and function.  Even the furniture was custom.  The dining room table was scaled such that high-backed dining chairs created a space that diners would enter and exit, essentially a room within a room.  Downstairs table and chairs were small, so the six children could comfortably do homework.  Narrow hallways created a sense of surprise when entering the rooms they linked.  From an outside glance (I must have driven past it hundreds of times), it doesn't look like it will take your breath away once inside, but it did mine.The tour guide was terrific.  He gave interesting lectures and answered each question expertly.  I also enjoyed the gift shop.  My parents are arts and crafts fans, and I found a dragonfly tile that fits in beautifully with their period home and Stickley furniture.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,7/28/2012,414,227,7,13,8>I'm a Unique Thrift Store (in Markham) loyalist. I love that spot, make no mistake about it. However, a friend of ours recently suggested we check out a hospital bed available at Pass It On as we're in the market for one for our daughter. Let me just say...it was love at first sight at PIO Thrift Center.I've never been to such a clean, organized, and friendly thrift store, um, EVER. Have questions? Ask away and receive a friendly, knowledgeable answer. Wander around? There's a place for everything and everything in its place so aisles are, you know, actually *aisles*. The prices are awesome. One of our little girls has severe CP and finding clothes for her is beyond difficult. We've struck gold here more than a few times. That in and of itself is a HUGE feather in the cap of Pass It On.Oh, and don't even get me started on the furniture and housewares, either. Suffice to say, we NEVER walk out empty handed. You probably won't either. Just trust me on this one.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/27/2012,273,603,7,11,8>My family makes homemade tamales. It's tradition, everyone has an assigned task and we follow my grandma's recipe. It was probably her grandma's recipe, but I never asked. The prep takes days and we spend an entire day as a family spreading the masa, filling and rolling each one and steaming them to perfection.  We use very fancy, specialized tamale making equipment including the large metal baby bathtub, giant pots with lids that don't quite fit anymore and old coffee cups. Don't ask...I couldn't make the family tamales without these things. So, when I walked into Hot Tamale Cucina, I wasn't expecting much more than a 'corn roll' resembling those you find at the local hot dog joint. Boy, was I wrong!!!After being open for only a week, I wandered in at lunchtime. It's clean and bright and the place was packed. Good signs so far!  They are pretty smart. There is a carryout menu stand at eye level on the left hand side as soon as you walk in, so you can peruse the menu immediately. The issue for me is that the daily tamale varieties are hand written on a small dry erase board on the wall near the register. Since the eight types of tamales change daily, I get the dry erase thing, but I felt like the tamales weren't getting a respectable introduction. Go ahead, give me a hard time...I can deal with it. Do you know how much work goes into making just one tamale?  A ton!  The place is even named after the coveted corn husk wrapped deliciousness!  Anyhow, I usually avoid cheese and was slightly disappointed that all eight options included cheese that day. I did ask and they do have choices without cheese, just not that day. Well, I can't visit Hot Tamale Cucina without a tamale. Even if it had cheese. So I ordered a carnitas and pepper jack (I think) tamale, a grilled fish taco and a grilled chicken taco to go. I waited a few short minutes (and signed up for text alerts while waiting) and before I knew it, my order was ready. The gal packing up my order was very nice and asked if I wanted the red or green salsa. Hmmm. I didn't know and kinda wanted to try both. No problem. She gave me both. When I opened the bag of freshly made Mexican yumminess, I found two tamales wrapped together as one. Score!!!  A nice surprise. They included plastic utensils and recycled napkins. Here is my take on my lunch...Go for the green!  Loved the green salsa on everything that I tried. The red was fine, but very mild and kinda boring. The grilled fish was perfect!  Seasoned nicely. It was a nice piece of fish instead of a chopped up mess. I was impressed. The chicken was also seasoned well and juicy. Thanks for not cooking it to smithereens!The tamales. Oh, the tamales!  I don't care that there was cheese mixed in. They are doing things just right. Using a real corn husk to wrap each one, I know that these were steamed properly for cooking. There was plenty of meat inside and the spice was just right. More of a hint which was appreciated. I controlled it by adding some green salsa. In short. Go for the tamales and stay for the fish tacos.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,7/26/2012,68,415,4,7,5>After being out of the country for a couple weeks, I was craving some good ole American pub grub and a craft beer or six.  Duke's was the stop in my new hood, so the better half and I stopped in for an early dinner on a Saturday.  The beer list is one of the tops in the burbs, they had several Three Floyds options on draft along with about 10 other beers I wanted to try.  Any time you can find Zombie Dust on draft, you have to get it!Food-wise, we were both pretty happy.  Pretzel appetizer came with an outstanding cheese dip.  I ordered the BBQ pork sammich, which I'd give a solid B.  A great pork sammich is about the pork, not the sauce.  So Duke's, don't sauce it so much and let me taste some of that delicious smoked pork goodness!  Service was great, the young lady had some great beer recommendations!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,7/25/2012,304,479,7,9,7>Ever since Candice G's request for hot dog joints, I've been craving one. And I don't eat hot dogs at home. They just never taste the same. Maybe it's the steamed bun thing? I don't know. Anyway, as we all know, Portillos is everywhere. I've got one around the corner from my house. I had one five minutes from my old office. New office? Yeah, within 5 minutes. I'd never been to this location, and was immediately impressed with the double drive-thru lane. Unfortunately, my joy didn't last long, the double drive-thru is a wreck. People don't read, and end up in the wrong lines. I got my food and spent another 5 minutes waiting to get around the people who hadn't gotten their food yet. Fortunately, my disappointment turned right back around when I opened my bag-o-deliciousness. The fries were piping hot and crispy. My jumbo dog (really, I don't know why then even keep the regular on the menu, the jumbo is soooo much better!) was drug through the garden, just like I like it. This portillos does not skimp on the condiments like some other locations **cough cough Arlington heights**Now I can go back to living my life, free from my hot dog craving. Until maybe tomorrow.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/24/2012,298,465,5,8,6>I almost just passed out when I realized that after ALL these years...I have yet to review them!!  Sorry D-Money!  I'm about to get on top of things...I have been getting food from here for like 20 years...literally!  My mom used to get pizza from here when I was younger and I have ordered various items over the years as well, including quite a few catering orders. =]  This family owned restaurant has some of the best customer service and awesome food to top it all off!  And another plus, is they are super affordable!Some of my favorites from here are their homemade mozzarella sticks, super chicken sandwich, pasta carbonara (I add sauteed mushrooms and peas), antipasto tray, Mediterranean style pasta and last but DEF not least their pizzas.  Everything is fresh and fabulous.  The pizza is a thin style crust with just the right amount of crunch and the toppings are plentiful and delicious!  My ultimate favorite menu item, though, is the cheese sticks!!  OMG...they are seriously THE BEST...anywhere!!  SO fresh and you can just tell they are homemade by the quality of the cheese.  Seriously, add them onto your order next time, you will not be disappointed!  Seriously...anyone in VP or Lombard that has not already tried the deliciousness that is Dominick's...get your ass in there and support local businesses!  Thanks. =]
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/23/2012,771,552,7,11,9>Bavarian Lodge is exactly what I was looking for when I think of German food. The place is a little dark but it's nice, their dining room is separate from the bar, which some people might enjoy. There is no place for rowdiness at this shindig, so keep that in mind. As a matter of fact, read the house rules before visiting. ;) Their beer selection is extensive and their food actually looked appealing to me. We both got some beers and started off with some potato pancakes which were delicious. They came with a side of sour cream and apple sauce. I joked about forgetting my hot sauce at home, but low and behold, Tabasco was available. LOLI got the German sausage platter which I loved since I've become a hardcore carnivore and my friend got the Bavarian Lodge meatloaf and enjoyed the schnitz out of it. ;) Their mustard and home made BBQ sauce completed the meals. Yum. Then we decided to get dessert even though we were super full. We got the Apple Strudel and both agreed that it would have been much better with some vanilla ice cream. That will in no way shape or form stop me from visiting this place again. Loved it!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,7/22/2012,138,65,4,5,3>When life has you by the nuts, thank God for shrimp cigars and sticky rice with mango.I had a great lunch, I wasn't too hungry when I came in because I just noticed that gas prices were crazy $$, I almost lost my purpose in life. I checked out the reviews for Thai Pot. To be honest I was checking this place out for some time threw Yelp. It was to my amazement that it was next to my salon distributor!  I was eagerly reading reviews to see what everyone liked from the menu and the shrimp cigars were on the list to get.  They were pretty dang good, a plentiful amount came in the appetizer, the sauce was a sweet and sour I'd say? It complimented the shrimp cigars well and I'm not a fried food fan. It's not good for my hips nor my mind.  I prob could have used more of the sauce but I'm a double dipping sauce hog,  I would order the cigars again for sure. I decided to skip lunch and go straight to some dessert.....sticky rice with mango sounded amazing. I love mangos! Well, the host got so excited for me when I ordered that. She said "oh yes!!! Great choice, my favorite!!!". She literally seemed to skip back to place the order. When the sweet goodness came out she informed me that made a fresh batch just for me, I took that as a great compliment. It was so good, the rice had great texture and the mango was just the right constancy. I could have done without the sesame seeds, just a personal choice tho. Because for me they get stuck in my teeth and take away from the flavor I initially go for. FYI - Same goes for my sushi. No sesame seeds, try it, the taste it totally different! Anyways...The restaurant wasn't busy but I really like that. I like both a little ambiance and privacy. I felt comfortable and relaxed, not rushed nor was I pestered. I dined by my myself and I was doing a little work on my laptop. My water was refilled often and I was treated with kindness. I said goodbye to the host before I left, which I can safely assume is the owner? I know what happens when you assume, but she  was thankful and asked me to come back. I am a Thai food junkie and I will for sure come back. Just the kindess and respect of space was enough to come back for. Some many restaurants could learn a couple of things from this place. The lunch specials looked great too! I just wasn't in the mood for soup and too much food. It seemed like they owners give you a good amount of food for the money!I'm very pleased with my experience and cannot wait to come back with an appetite that would scare away the cooks.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,7/21/2012,125,148,4,8,2>Bread is the most important component to a great sandwich, at least in my world. Bubs certainly delivers freshly baked bread, but then adds the best and freshest ingredients for an incredible tasting sammy. I stopped in one day to pick up lunch for my Mom and I. I asked for some suggestions and asked for some suggestions since I was a newbie. I ordered two footlongs- don't judge, I couldn't decide!!! With my eyes much bigger than my stomach, I ordered the Godfather and the Firebird. In one word: amazing. The firebird was a spicy little number with homemade chipotle sauce, pepper jack cheese, turkey, Italian Capicola all nestled in between that soft and chewy bread. It would have been awesome as is, but then they toasted it all warm and melty. Hot damn it was good. The Godfather incorporated classic Italian meats and cheeses: mortadella, that yummy capicola, Genoa Salami, and provolone. I also got a side of the homemade giardiniera. Again, this was absolutely delicious, and would most definitely order again.Dom, the owner is a former H.S. classmate of mine. He takes a lot of pride in his business. He makes a good portion of the ingredients in-house from the sauces, oven roasted turkey, and I believe, that oh-so-yummy bread. The result- happy and full customers. I'll def be back soon. Oh, and don't worry, I didn't eat both subs in one sitting. (However, if I could I totally would.) Eat at Bubs!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,7/20/2012,73,255,7,9,5>Sorry V&V, you've been ousted as my favorite.The grandma still works in the kitchen.The sausage is awesome.The sauce is the best in area, and no heartburn afterwards.Greasy, but not overly so.The crust, it's unique. Well done still has a bit of a chew to it.They know you by name.Just try it. But just know that the hours are wonky.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,7/19/2012,60,246,3,7,4>This place kicks some serious booty.I went with a group to see The Hunger Games and it was awesome, for various reasons.1) $13 for a spacious leather seat, with a mini table for my beer. Super reasonable considering every other crap theater charges $10.2) If you want to pay $18.50, you get a leather seat that reclines, pillow, blanket, free popcorn, and wait service for food and drink during the movie. Totally worth it.3) When you buy your tickets, you pick your seat. You don't have to arrive super early.4) They sell Green Line drafts. Enough said.5) They sell BUCKETS of Stone IPA. Enough said, again.6) The whole place is super clean.7) Plenty of free parking. I want to go again. Like NOW.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,7/18/2012,58,179,13,16,13>In a past life, I lived in the NW suburbs and would get my nails done in this strip mall twice a month.  I don't know how I never knew about the fabulousness that is Coffee Haus.  Thank goodness Candice G. alerted me to this dessert mecca.We ordered the Haus Bing, a carmel cupcake and hot tea.  I had been having a pretty sad day and just the sight of the colorful deliciousness perked me right up.  I don't know who thought up the idea of combining shaved ice, red bean paste, ice cream, strawberry syrup, fruit, jelly candies, and fruity pebbles, but I would like to thank them.  Good lord! This is a must try.  The flavors and textures all work together perfectly.  The shaved ice is so cold that I imagine I will be making more journeys to Coffee Haus as the temperatures warm up.   Not only to cool off, but also because I am pretty sure it is my duty to try all of the other bingsoo flavor combinations they offer.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/17/2012,35,42,2,5,3>I had never had my own exlusive waxing technician before visiting Angel.  Waxes for me were always an after thought and were always done at a salon.  What a difference seeing a professional makes!  Angel is a fantastic esthetician!  She does a mean eyebrow wax.  She was very thorough in my consultation and made what is usually a pain into a pleasure.  My waxes last longer than ever before!  Aside from the fact that she does great work, Angel is so friendly and puts you at ease.Angel has always been incredibly prompt about getting back to me to make an appointment.  While you do have to leave a message (remember this is a one woman operation), Angel has always called back or texted to confirm within minutes.  She's great about getting you in and always flexible.Her studio is comfortable, clean, and relaxing.  The location is a bit off the beaten path but Angel was forthcoming with directions and wanted to make sure that I knew exactly how to find her right away.  Parking is located behind the actual business which is just down the block from the Metra.  Prices are very resonable!  Skip your salon wax and visit Angel.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,7/16/2012,63,55,3,7,3>I have not been impressed with the Chinese food in the area, but hand a hankering for it tonight and turned to yelp for suggestions.  And helpers, you did not disappoint!  Tin Seng is a gem of a hole in the wall, right on the corner of Quentin and 14.  After placing our order by phone I drove from Fox River Grove and was warmly greeted by Samantha, who was impressed I drove past three other Chinese restaurants that she threw in a free egg roll, which was delicious. We ordered garlic chicken lo mein and the thin noodles were perfect, just on the soft side of al dente, with yummy and super fresh veggies and chicken. We also had the cashew chicken which was rich and just spicy enough. I judge all Chinese restaurants on their pot stickers, and Tin Seng has the best ones I've had in decades. Definitely handmade, crispy on the outside and moist and gingery on the inside. I'm in heaven. Samantha, don't worry about how far the drive is - we will most definitely be back!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/15/2012,269,638,3,3,4>Two words:  Atomic Cake.This cake has everything in it a cake lover could want.  Strawberries, bananas, a thin layer of chocolate, yellow cake, chocolate cake, and a delectable topping of whipped cream.  Get me a glass of cold milk, and I'm in sugar heaven!   And at only $20 for the entire cake, a great deal! Of course, they also have all the bakery staples as well.  Delicious donuts,  a small assortment of French Pastries, wedding cakes, cupcakes, and mouth wateringly delicious rye bread (with or without caraway seeds), and one of the biggest assortment of tea cookies I have ever seen.  (One whole section of the bakery is dedicated to these alone.)Having been in the neighborhood forever, this place is frequented by generations of area residents.  Not exactly in my neck of the woods anymore, but I will make the trip for the Atomic Cake alone.  The staff is very helpful, and there is one woman working there, who I think has been working there since I used to come in here when I was a kid.  All in all my absolute favorite bakery!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,7/14/2012,151,128,4,4,3>Goin' with a 5.....You know what? I love this place. I wonder what people think when they drive by. "Just another waterin hole for tha micks, aye?" Yup. And it's fantastic. It's really tastefully decorated and cozy inside, not dive-y. Love it in the winter when we can score the table in front of the fireplace. In the spring and summer the deck out back is perfect, and backs up to the forest preserve so you don't have to look at dumb old Joliet Road. The service is friendly and prompt, and my husband and I have never once been even slightly disappointed in our food decisions. Now, I have never ordered an entree here; just burgers, salads and sandwiches. My husband loves the sheperd's pie, fish and chips, and the french dip sammie. I've had good burgers, a lovely crab cake sandwich, and my fave: the turkey and ham cubano. Dang - it rocks. Get it with waffle fries. Places that have waffle fries instantly earn my respect. Pssst......they make a good Bloody Mary too. Comes in handy Sunday mornings. I mean, ya know....on the rare occasion that I may have been overserved the night prior. Oh, why am I rambling? Just try this place!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,7/13/2012,760,671,3,7,4>Choosing a wedding venue for me was a no-brainer. I've never fantasized about my wedding like most girls, but I always had a feeling that this would be a great spot to get married. When the question was popped and we had to figure out where to go, this was at the top of our list. It's historical, cozy, intimate, and has plenty of areas to be outdoors. A fall wedding in a gazebo in the forest, surrounded by colorful leaves? PERFECT.Carol, the coordinator at Redfield, worked with us well. We never had a communication problem with her and she was friendly and accommodating. The venue also worked really well with our caterer (which was one of the recommended caterers from the Grove) so we had no worries about things falling into place.The building itself is gorgeous: a large great room, a room in the middle for buffets/whatnot, a back room with a great view of the yard, a kitchen that is basically hidden out of view, a neat little loft, a couple rooms upstairs, and separate groom and bridal suites. I LOVED my bridal suite. There was a cute desk, some seating, my own bathroom, and a window with an escape route if I didn't feel like getting married...We had our ceremony outdoors in the gazebo, with about 100 chairs set up for the guests. The aisle was a long, winding path through the trees towards the gazebo. Afterwards, everyone mingled on patio of the house for drinks while we took photos in the new pavilion. (I have to note, the pavilion was not yet built when we reserved the place, and we were really excited to have it available for our wedding!) We squeezed about 80 guests into two rooms and the loft of the house for the dinner. The rest of the night was in the pavilion, dancing. All of our guests were raving about what a great place we had picked! Everyone enjoyed using all the spaces that were available, as well as being able to roam around the grounds. I couldn't have asked for a better place for our wedding. Just writing this post makes me want to go back.I am taking away a star because at the end of the night, some groundskeeper person kept trying to shut the wedding down before our designated end time. We only had a seven-hour block for the wedding + dinner so we wanted to use every moment we had! Music being turned down early and lights being shut off were not cool. This, however, was the only downside to this place.One of my friends is getting married here later this year (on the exact date I would have wanted if we choose a winter wedding). I have no idea if I will be attending the wedding, but I'm excited to accompany her on trips to the Grove to re-live my wedding memories.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,7/12/2012,160,654,5,7,6>I thought it was time to refresh my review of this place when a Yelp-friend of mine asked me if this Chinese place was reminiscent of the one in Christmas Story. You know, the kind where you'd go when everything else is closed and you just want to get some food after some stray dogs ran off with your precious turkey roast. Let me reassure you this is a class establishment.I came here on Memorial Day, which coincided with my birthday the following day. Since it was open for Memorial Day, my wife and I came here for dinner. Now I've already been here twice before, having organized a pair of NW Burbs dinners to this place, so I already knew it was great. Well, I ordered my benchmark of Chinese food: General Tso's Chicken and it was no surprise to me that their food was excellent once again. My wife had the beef and peapods and she let me try some of it as well. An excellent choice too. I should point out, neither of the dishes were on their menu but they made them for us and served them up on generous sized platters that left us plenty to bring home.I recommend this place for a nice sit-down Chinese meal, served on beautiful fine china and in a nice, ornate dining room.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,7/11/2012,85,310,3,7,5>If you're looking for a top chop, a close shave and want to throw in the (hot) towel, Roosters is the place to go. They mix old school barber shop qualities with modern amenities. The shave is old school but not with a straight-edge razor. What makes the shave great is the treatment before and after. The type of razor is merely a novelty.Kristen cut my hair and did a great job - this coming from someone who is pretty fussy about hair cuts. She is also a pleasure to talk with (and ogle).The owners Dave (?) and Candice are a great team and run a really smart operation.They are a chain, but not like a SuperCuts. Roosters is to barber shops what Morton's is steak houses (certainly not in the McDonalds/SuperCuts league).
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,7/10/2012,107,399,4,9,7>One of those understated and little known Chinese restaurants. It has a nice classy modern interior with interesting special rooms for groups. The service is excellent and they fill your water frequently while doing little things that make the experience better such as giving you warm hot towels to wipe your hands before the meal or offering to pack part of your meal during your dining experience if you order a lot. They also speak both Cantonese and Mandarin.I did not try any of their Japanese items but the quality of the authentic Chinese dishes surprised me. They weren't only excellent in comparison to other suburban Chinese restaurants, they were excellent even in comparison to Chinatown (although I hope they expand the choices further in the future).The Taiwanese beef noodle soup had a rich broth with very tenderly prepared beef brisket and delicious handmade noodles (also available at Yu's Mandarin or Chef Ping).The double pan fried noodle was crispy was generous amounts of seafood and a light but tasty sauce.Lu's noodle soup comes with pork, seafood, and vegetables. I ordered the non-spicy version and it was still very light and tasty with all the right proportion of ingredients.The Peking style pork was crispy with a sweet and sour sauce. It could have been a bit better with a deep fry batter and slightly thicker sauce but it was still a solid choice.The Dong Po pork was extremely fatty and tasty. Really made with a very authentic preparation in mind. It is not like the one from iChef in Hoffman Estates. It is nearly identical to the version from Golden Harbor in Champaign except even softer. It's not on the menu but truly worth ordering (it takes at least 20 minutes to prepare though).Although this restaurant is quite a distance further than I usually drive from my house for dining, it is well worth the travel both for the atmosphere and the food.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,7/9/2012,199,119,4,7,9>We had such a good experience here a couple weeks ago, that I just had to update my review. It was the day after the big storm, and our power was out. All the food in our fridge was dunzo, and we wanted to find something nearby, with power. We were able to charge our phones while we were there, which was nice. We started with bruschetta and clams, and then decided on the caprese wood fired pizza. This pizza, oh my god. I couldn't stop eating it. There is just something about a wood fired pizza straight from the oven - the cool thing was seeing them actually take it out of the oven and bringing it right to our table! The crust was perfectly crispy, there was just the right amount of cheese - I legit dream about this pizza at night. We decided to go with the nutella pie for dessert - and then I was very sad to learn that they had just used the last of their pizza dough for someones pizza order - we were there pretty late, and they were pretty busy with other people who also were experiencing outages! The general manager, Vito, came over to tell us the sad news - but offered to have something else made that would be equally amazing. They did not disappoint! Little profiteroles smeared with nutella, with chocolate gelato sandwiched inbetween, and topped with a raspberry coulis. AWESOME! Totally made my night. Thanks Mattone & Vito for making our night without power a great experience!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/8/2012,104,448,7,7,10>In life there are a few things that I hold sacred.  I am loyal to my sports teams.  My wife is my best friend.   Don't sit in my chair and quite frankly, don't really want you touching my remote.  And my favorite breakfast place better be close to where I live.The universe messed with my breakfast place, closing it without notice leaving me adrift in a meaningless world.  Today, things are again in alignment.A new breakfast place opened on the site of my old breakfast place and at the risk of being disloyal, I like it better.  Everything is freshly painted and redecorated plus the booths are plumper and redone.  The coffee is still hot and great but the English muffins, way better.  The waffle special is now a permanent combination and my favorite server, Suzi, is back and directing traffic.Welcome to the neighborhood, Kup a Joe and thanks for making things right in my corner of the universe.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,7/7/2012,63,60,8,5,4>Many readers ask me from time to time if I speak French due to an expression I sometimes use, namely, "....pardon my French." In fact, I do not speak any French at all, but I know it when I hear it and man does it sound sexy. Thankfully, my other half does speak French, and she trained me to say menu items at the Eiffel like a pro in the interims while our server was away. It was an incredibly cultural experience for me, similar to when I use the bathroom at Macaroni Grill in an effort to learn Italian, only more so.Well, the long and short of it is this: this was not just a perfect meal, it was unforgettable. We must have seemed like secret shoppers because we ordered wine, appetizers (frog legs), the most expensive special (rabbit), savory crepes, and dessert (mousse). Start to finish the food and service were impeccable and timely. As I said, the whole experience was fantastic. The restaurant is more on the high end side, and it's a little pricey, but you do get what you pay for. If you're looking for a location that will make your night, definitely give this place a try. Personally, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/6/2012,25,26,4,7,4>The Steer outdoes itself again!!!The wife and I went there the other night for my birthday.  My wife has never actually eaten here so I thought it would be a great time to treat our selves to the best food in Illinois!  We were seated right away, our waitress was extremely attentive and had everything we needed for us before we needed it.When it came down to ordering, I ordered the delicious meat-fall-off-the-bone BBQ Baby Back Ribs, w/fries, salad with house dressing and of course the AMAZING french onion soup.  I was so happy with everything that was given to me.  The ribs were amazing, the fries were as good as fries get.  Hand cut, lightly salted and tasty!  The house dressing is an "oil and vinegar" and of course the soup was on FIRE!!!  Just a side note, I love those individually wrapped lil bread sticks!!!  They are my favorite.  I like to wrap the melted cheese (that comes on the crock of the soup) around the stick and crunch down!!!  My favorite!! My wife loves salmon so she ordered the Grilled Salmon w/fries, salad with ranch and her first time ever having french onion soup.  (She HATES onions).  Everything came out perfect and she couldn't speak highly enough of the quality of food.  I tasted her salmon ( I hate fish) and it was actually really good.  As if I could eat anymore, they brought out a birthday piece of tiramisu.  I've never had it before, ever, and holy crap was it good.  I was trying to finish this ginormous slice of heaven.  Sadly, I had to take half home.Place looked great!  They decided to paint a lighter color and spruce the place up a bit.  Same old charm in a lil bit brighter package!Highly recommended for anyone looking to have a delicious meal with huge portions and extremely affordable prices.I think Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdays are the best days to go.  Much more relaxed atmosphere.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,7/5/2012,78,284,5,6,7>This is an interesting place, but I'm a fan. It's a weird mix between nice Italian restaurant and dive bar/towny restaurant, if that makes sense.First, I'll review the restaurant. When you walk in the door, don't stand there like an idiot waiting for someone to seat you (that's what I did my first time and everyone was staring at me). You have to go up to the counter and someone will seat you from there. The food is really good. The cheeseburger sliders are awesome. They kind of taste like butterburgers but they are really delicious. I have yet to try their pasta or pizza, but I'm sure it's good. They really know how to cook their food well. Their chicken parmasan is great. They know how to bread it well so that you're not eating all bread and no chicken. I would also recommend getting the sandwich version of this. You will not regret it. My dad didn't like their ribs, but c'mon, who orders ribs at an Italian restaurant?  Now the bar. I go here for Thursday night football since the bar has NFL network (score!). You can eat dinner at the bar instead of the restaurant. They have about 10 beers on tap and a full bar. As far as the environment? If you didn't know that it was part of Tree Guys, you would think this is a regular dive bar, and I guess it is. A lot of locals come here. There are also the usual drinking-since-10am guys who like to argue with fans of opposing teams, just for the hell of it. Who argues a Jets/Broncos game? Townies. It's funny to hear. If you want to sit, it may be difficult to find seats, but they'll free up eventually. I've seen kids here too. I don't really think you should bring kids to a bar, especially for their birthday, but hey, do what you gotta do. Overall, this place is good. Just don't go to the bar for a nice cocktail. For that, go sit in the restaurant.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/4/2012,144,959,12,14,12>Some things change but fortunately stay the same, Mitchell's is luckily one of those places.  Growing up in the south suburbs, Mitchell's was a destination place for ice cream.  It was a cut above the normal treat or baseball win destination.  It was ice cream with panache!  I carried the tradition on with my own children but may have lowered the bar for what merited a trip to Mitchells's.  (It's Tuesday, yippee, let's go to Mitchell's.)After I moved to Frankfort, I went back to Homewood less and there was a Mitchell's in Mokena for a while.  But those hot fudge sundaes have been calling my name lately and I have been answering the call.Why?  Because they literally have the best hot fudge sundae I have ever tasted and believe me, I have tasted a lot.  They serve the hot fudge in a darling mini glass pitcher and it's all hot, runny and darkly delicious.  You get to pour it on yourself so you never get to a disappointing bottom with all ice cream and no hot fudge.  They also have decadent candy that I only allow myself to buy a single piece at a time.The same here is the taste, the care and the ambiance.  The change is that this great establishment was purchased by and is operated by the Bravo Food Corporation of Chicago so there are no worries that it will go out of business.  They even offer frozen cartons of their ice cream at Sweet Mandy B's in Chicago because of a relationship the Bravo Corp has with that bakery.  Change with stability, I'll eat to that.  Let's make it a hot fudge sundae!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/3/2012,123,246,10,13,10>Beer snobbery without the snobbery. If I had to sum Bigby's up in a sentence, that would be it.It was a Saturday night and there were only 2 people serving the busy bar and floor but they were quick and efficient and very friendly. Both gave great suggestions and I ended up ordering a beer flight while my wife chose the wine flight. The list of beers are staggering and I simply told the bartender I was overwhelmed and would like him to choose for me after telling him my preferences. Same for my wife. We were both happy with the variety we received as well as portion.They only have craft beer and wine so if you're looking for cheap PBR beer specials then don't bother. If you didn't know so many beers existed outside of the MIller/Anheuser Busch world and are willing to try beer that actually tastes like something then this is the spot to get your taste on. The bartender is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. Just give him a vague idea of what you like and he can whip up a sample that is sure to please you with variety within your preferences. After 15 minutes of sipping, we worked up the munchies so they suggested we try the melted goat cheese as a tasty nibbler that is easily shared. Melted goat cheese in marinara sauce served with bite sized wedges of toasted, seasoned pita bread sent us both to taste bud heaven. It really was the perfect combination with our drinks. I knew it was good when we finished the dish and I wanted to order another one.Don't you hate places that play obnoxiously loud music so that you have to scream at people just to be heard? Me too and Bigby's does a fine job of keeping the volume to the perfect level so that you can still hear it above the din but it's not intrusive. Lighting is slightly dim and comfortable seating, such as couches, are available for a perfect evening of kicking back and enjoying life without some straight billed hat and Affliction shirt wearing d-bag screaming jager bombs next to you. People here are mature but not necessarily old. Just plain comfortable is the best way to explain the ambiance here.Thanks to Cristie B. and Jelena Z. for the reviews that led me to this great find! I'll be making a trip back here as often as possible.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/2/2012,160,525,4,8,7>People have been telling me to eat at Louisa's for at least 13 years. What took me so long? I'm kicking myself now.We started our dinner off with sausage and polenta. It was good I just wish I had chosen to start with a salad (next time). We split a medium sausage. It's sort of a thin deep dish if that makes any sense. There was just the right amount of cheese and the perfect homemade tomato sauce on top. The crust was to die for! You know the crust is good when it's still tasty reheated days later.All of this homemade perfection tempted us to order dessert. This is why they aren't 5 stars unfortunately. The tiramiusu tasted store bought and was still frozen in spots. The coffee wasn't much better. Luckily everything else including the service was perfect so we will still be making it part of our regular rotation for pizza.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,7/1/2012,113,112,4,5,4>Let me tell ya about my new best friend...Niki Moon is a Hair Goddess.  Really no other way to explain her magic ways.  Lets break it down!Technique - Excellent!  Her highlights lowlights are perfect in that edgy way to give the look of depth to even the finest mane.  Her cut is classic.  Personality - Awesome! Niki will spend however long it takes to LISTEN to her client before diving into the hair unknown.  Thats rare...sometimes you really dont know what direction you feel like blowing in.  She will also give you her HONEST opinion if you suggest a style color that may not exactly...how should we say...LOOK GOOD!Cost - So reasonable and worth every penny!I have been to her twice and have left extremely happy both times.  I was looking for that extra something...Niki suggested I try a few colored extensions to give me a funky boost!  They are awesome and fun!  Honestly I cant wait till my roots grow out so I can see her again for some more fun and exciting hair!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,6/30/2012,325,653,12,27,21>If only SaiGon Pho & Cafe had been my first experience with pho! Eh, but I guess firsts aren't always all they're hyped up to be. Kind of like wine. My first taste of wine was definitely less than exciting. I wondered, "Why would anybody drink this?" and now I've got more of a taste for it. I think the same has happened with pho, only much faster thanks to SaiGon Pho.SaiGon Pho really doesn't look like anything impressive on the outside. It's in a strip nestled among other small shops and practices. It has a neon sign that is reminiscent of an 80's child's light bright. I've been aware of SaiGon Pho for a long time, but was never tempted to try it until I had such a sordid pho experience elsewhere. I needed to resurrect my belief in good (cooked) food and SaiGon Pho did that with flare.A young man eagerly greeted me as soon as I came through the door. It was as if he'd been waiting for me and as if it was his job to ensure my personal happiness. My happiness was his happiness. He sat me at a table near the front window and brought me ginger tea that was delicate, spicy, and slightly sweetened.My friend and I used Yelp reviews to determine our orders - we hardly had to look at the menu. We ordered the vegetable spring rolls to start; then I got SaiGon Pho with meatballs and flank steak and my friend got the same only with no meatballs. Everything was delivered by a man who seemed to be genuinely kind and proud of his food. He patiently explained what everything was and how to assemble and eat it. He gestured to the plate between our HUGE bowls of pho and said that it was loaded with garnishes, but that we could also add some of the sauces that were already on the table. He was amused that we thought that the servings of pho were so large because they have an even LARGER bowl!The pho was really delicious. I enjoyed adding different amounts of garnishes and sauces. My friend liked hers spicy and then she munched on the crunchy bean sprouts. I liked picking basil leaves off of the stem and adding them to my soup. It was absolutely delicious. Noodles flicked broth on my chin as I slurped them with chop sticks. My friend somehow managed with a spoon.To be honest though, the vegetable spring rolls were the best. I've never had anything like that before. The exterior was a chewy rice paper with fresh vegetables and rice on the inside. My favorite attribute was the tempura nestled the length of the roll, lending a tantalizing crunch and savoriness to the freshness of the vegetables.When we finished our food, the same man offered to package our remaining pho and he carefully wrote our names on each container so that they would not be confused. He also gave us papaya flavored candies to enjoy while musing over the bill. Even though we had the bill, and the place had a healthy bustle for a weekday evening, we were allowed to enjoy our ginger tea and chat a bit longer. We only left when we felt like it and were encouraged to return again soon.What a lovely, delicious place.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,6/29/2012,45,72,5,8,5>Eurofresh is a small, crazy busy, store with everything you need for a great price!It is busy for good reason; the prices, the produce, the deli, and the bakery!  You can get some amazing deals on fresh produce and the deli is fantastic but a bit on the smaller side.  The bakery is again small but has amazing Italian cookies and other fantastic baked goods.  With that being said if you go into Eurofresh you have to know what you are getting yourself in for.  If you shop here, plan on going to the store more than once a week.  The produce lasts a week at best and almost everything is ripe when you buy it.   I used to go to Eurofresh for three reasons;1) It is on my way home from work2) Whole Wheat Pitas - 10 for $1.293) Tribe/Athenos Hummus sale - 2 for $3 or even the super rare 1 for $1 (Yeah I buy 10 or more when they are on sale)Then I would go to Dominicks or Jewel for the rest of my groceries and random other needs.  Then I realized that shopping at a produce driven store was better for my budget and my stomach.  There are always sales on the produce, eggs, and some random baked goods but other things like ice cream, boxed items, and other processed foods are extra expensive.  This makes me want to buy more produce and avoid the processed food.  Now that I only shop at Eurofresh my food bill is so much cheaper and I end up eat healthier, what is not to like about that?
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/28/2012,223,313,7,10,7>I love Middle Eastern food.  I could eat it every meal of the day and would bathe in hummus if I had the chance.  My addiction started young and by the time I first got my own place, I was eating hummus, falafel, and shwarma almost 5 freakin days a week!  Pita Inn has always been my go-to place, but Naf Naf just blew me away.Their Pita Breads are amaziballs delicious!  Freshly baked and served piping hot, you won't find fluffier and softer pita anywhere else.  Just give me a plate of hummus and a basket of hot pita bread... that's all I really need.  Their Falafels are tasty and their Hummus is even better - just the right creamy texture and flavorful.Now there's chicken shwarma and then there's Naf Naf Chicken Shwarma.  Juicy bits of chicken, well seasoned, and packed with flavor.  Even better after doing the double dip - some tahini and hot sauce makes everything taste even better.The food costs a few bucks more than other Middle Eastern joints I frequent, but the good eats justifies the price.  Can't wait to go back for some more of that amazing pita bread!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,6/27/2012,119,299,5,13,7>What a wonderful date! My husband and I had an adult only fantastic dinner which has happened maybe once a year after my first child was born. I went Through the hoops to reverse a table from Opentable App but found out we were the only guests there at 7pm. So we got the best table in the lobby where you could see the water/pond, trees with light lit, and geese roaming outside. It was my husband's first time here so he  was pretty much in awe of the beautiful decoration, high quality silverware, and excellent services.We decided on the prix fixe for $48 to get a starter, an entree and a dessert. My husband added the wine pairing too. My pick was the Crab cake, Honey Vanilla Muscovy Duck, and Creme brulee. My husband got the Seared Scallop & Tea Smoked Duck Salad, Fillet Mignon, and Chocolate Trio. They served us the free appetizer - mushroom with goat cheese which was really good with the bread. The crab cake was perfectly grilled and topped with micro greens. Seared Scallop is really good but slightly on the salty side for me. I loved the tea smoked duck slices which has a beautiful pink color and just right amount of smokey flavor and salt. My husband thought the crab cake was the best among the starters.Fillet Mignon was grilled to tender moist perfection. It came with mashed potato and a glazed fennel. Both of us thought  mashed potato was the best we have ever eaten. It was creamy with enough density and just right amount of salt. I didn't want to know how much butter they put it there. Never thought I would fight for more mashed potato with my husband. My duck dish was wonderful too. Red Wine Poached Pear went great with the duck meat however it was somehow over shadowed by the tea smoked duck. Both desert were heavenly. I liked the small Madeleine Cookies eating with Creme Brulee. Chocolate Trio came with Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart, Dark Chocolate Mousse, Chocolate Custard Tart, and Saffron Ice Cream. We were all stuffed in the end but could not stop eating. Then they gave us a small plate of complimentary cookies. And Yes, we ate those all.The service was impeccable. The waiters introduced the dishes in details when they served them. They were really attentive but leave the quite time for us to talk. It was just great.I am taking away one star just because the dinner was expensive. I don't think I could afford to come here very often with $150+ for two. It could only be reserved for the special occasion. They do have the designated parking space for the restaurant guests. Just follow the waterleaf sign.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/26/2012,54,226,3,10,4>So I've been to The Lucky Monk about a dozen more times since I wrote my first review and I can say, without any embellishment or fanfare, that it is my favorite restaurant in the northwest suburbs, bar none.First the burgers:I've tried The Monk, Peppercorn Ranch, Bourbon Stout, Smothered, Grilled Cheese & Green Chile Queso Burgers, and they are all just gorgeous. Beautifully plated and always cooked perfectly medium rare, they are all winners, but especially the ones that rely on the strengths of the burger as opposed to bursts of flavor from its toppings.  Thus the Monk Burger (Tillamook Cheddar + pickle), Bourbon Stout (Tillamook Cheddar + stout braised onions + pickle) & the Smothered (caramelized sweet onions + Gruyere + pickle) really excel, with the proteins taking center stage.Then the beers:The Lucky Monk is a brewpub and you won't find their beer in any local stores, which is unfortunate because it's pretty damn good. I prefer fruitier, less hoppy, fuller bodied ales and stouts and so I tend to consistently order their Solitude Oatmeal Stout, Gra'le, and Tritica Wheat Ale when I want something particularly sweet.  I'll admit I'm not a big fan of their other regulars, but their seasonals have so far been above par, from the powerful Bourbon stout to the refreshing Maibock.  They also have multiple guest taps that trend pretty good.Don't forget the sides:The Lucky Monk's secret weapon has to be its sides. The burgers and beer may get you in the door, but don't even pretend it's not the truffle fries, sweet potato fries, fried pickles or chicken poblano chili that are keeping you here. The sides are nothing short of miracles in potato/chicken/soup form, and that's not even counting the appetizers (giant pretzels with three kinds of sauces perhaps, or maybe deep fried cheese curds yes please?)And just for funsies I've ordered or tasted many of the other menu items including the butternut squash ravioli, fish tacos, al pastor pizza, apple-bacon flatbread & BBQ pulled pork sandwich. They've all generally been hits over misses (the pizza's a little dry though), but I just can't help getting a burger, fries and a beer; they're miles above the competition.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,6/25/2012,120,162,9,7,7>If Hinsdale were to persecute lovers of pizza, Baldinelli's would be the priest hole in which would lie the victims. More like "pizza hole" this place is hidden in the back alley of Hinsdale's ghetto which only lends more enthusiasm to your response after the first bite. "Oh my god I can't believe this was made in Hinsdale's ghetto!" That's the reaction I'm looking for. But enough with the location ( I hope you understand there is no possible way anything in Hinsdale could be referred to as "the ghetto." Their gas station is called The Hinsdeli for yelp's sake). The pizza really is the best of the western suburbs in my opinion. The sauce is sweet and everything else for me just falls in to place. A sweet sauce is all I really need.You'll also need Nicholas Owen. Message me if you know why. I love you.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,6/24/2012,65,114,4,7,4>TTOWA rocked my world. It's rare to find a suburban restaurant that provides excellent customer service, high quality dishes, and at reasonable prices. And it being a Korean restaurant...that's just unheard of. I saw the great reviews on Yelp (woot!) so my husband and I decided it was too nice out to cook at home and to TTOWA we went! We were greeted with kindness and welcomes and seated quickly. A bottle of cold water was brought and served to us. I personally love when a restaurant does this because I drink so much water!  It's BYOB too! Our server provided us with a great overview of the menu and gave us time to select our appetizers. When you're offered freshly prepared Mandoo (dumplings) anywhere, get them, it's a rare event! We ordered the Traditional Mandoo - Steamed and Shrimp Mandoo - Fried. Yum! They tasted like they were straight out of a Korean mom's home...pipping hot! Probably better than the ones I've had at my Korean friend's homes. With our appetizers, we were given free cups of soup. It was a bone marrow mushroom broth goodness. I could drink it every day in the winter and be a happy woman. We then ordered our entrees. I had the Braised Short Rib with Rice Porridge and my husband had the Pork Belly with Brussels Sprouts in a Kimchee Puree. Their excellent traditional Korean sides came out for us to snack on while we waiting. Once again, the dishes came out pipping hot. The entrees were a perfect size...enough to share with your partner and possibly have leftovers! Both dishes were seasoned very well. Korean food is very flavorful and overwhelming but these dishes were perfect and complimented by the ingredients it came with. After completing our hearty entrees, we were given a Korean Frozen Dessert Smoothie to cool our palates! Love that! The manager then encouraged us to try one of their desserts so we did! And boy was he right! It was a perfect portion (to share) of a sweet doughy pancake with unsweetened green tea ice cream and a pretty sugar piece to make the plate look attractive and yummy! I'm so excited to take all my friends and family to TTOWA. I know they will love it as much as I did. Don't hesitate, just go here before more people find out about it! Side note: As of yesterday, they've been open 7 weeks. I am shocked at how well executed our meal and service was and being so "young". They know what they're doing!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,6/23/2012,168,718,7,4,5>If you haven't been here yet, GO.  GO NOW.Seriously.  Close the laptop (or shut down your PC--ctrl+alt+del if you have to!!) put on your coat (it's cold!) and make your way to Dino's!!OK, so the husband and I came here on a Tuesday night around 7.  We walk in, and there were only a few people at the bar!  So we pretty much had the place to ourselves.  Normally, that would make me worry, but in this case, I was so excited to try all of the delicious food, that it didn't deter me--best decision ever!We were greeted by Lauren who was running behind the bar AND she was our waitress!  If you think this would stop her from being awesome, you would be wrong!  When was the last time your waitress asked you YOUR name?  Was it never?  Because that's how long it's been for me, too.She came up to us and told us her name was Lauren.  She then proceeded to ask us our name, write it down, and refer to us by our names for the rest of the night.  Talk about a personalized experience!!The menu is about two pages, and that's all that it really needs to be (no novel-like menu like Cheesecake Factory here).  Everything they do make, they make well!  And for the record, Lauren makes a killer martini!!OK, other than my martini and my husband's craft beer(which he loved), we also ordered food.  As our appetizer, we ordered the nachos that I saw featured in a picture here on yelp (shout out to Yelp!  WOOT!) I thought they were really good, and my husband agreed.  He thought it was a little heavy on the lettuce, but coming from someone who orders salad everywhere they go, I thought they were amazing!!  Also, they tasted like homemade chips.  Who does that?!?!  SO GOOD!As our meals, the husband ordered a fried egg sandwich (breakfast ALL DAY!!) and I got the bacon cheeseburger as all burgers on Tuesdays are $3 off!  It was AMAZEBALLS.  SUCH good beef, and it was served on a pretzel roll!  YUM!I cannot wait to go back and see Lauren again.  She was friendly, efficient, and we had a GREAT experience!!!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,6/22/2012,38,256,5,6,4>we've been curious about the place as the restaurant location has changed hands several times in the past 5 years.  we never really knew what to make of the place as the location is great, but not sure why it never succeeds.  in any case, we gave it a try instead of going to the usual Palmers in LaGrange.the mood was very festive inside.  plenty of holiday decorations.  the service was excellent and prompt. as soon as we took the last piece of bread from the basket, the waitress came and replaced it with a fresh basket. it was comically fast. very efficient service and very pleasant.  the chicken tortilla soup was not the kind we are used to, it was more brothy than thick but it was very tasty still. it was spicy and the soup tasted as though the vegetables were roasted on their special grill.  my kids fought over it. my husband ordered the ribs, which the waitress explained was more texas style, not fall off the bone kind. it was very good. made, i guess, with their home made bbq sauce.  i ordered the turkey burger with their chips, which are thick potato chips.  the kids had the buttermilk shrimp, which my son LOVED. then, we get our check. what??  wait a minute, you forgot the kid's meals.  my son had the butterfly shrimp for $7.99 and my daughter had the chicken fingers for $5.99.  what?  free?  one kid per adult is free?  i just saved $14??? yes, kids eat free sunday night!!  crazy!!!  i think we found our new sunday night restaurant!!!  good place and plenty of convenient parking right outside.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,6/21/2012,71,165,11,15,6>THE BEST HUMMUS IN CHICAGOLAND is at Mediterranean Oasis!! There, I said it....Anyone dare disagree?  (Let's Rumble) I went to pick up some grub and some groceries based upon the recommendation and ROTD by Pascal M.  I'm so glad I took his advice because the food was great.  Grabbed some Chicken Shawarma, Chicken Kabob, Falafel, and the BEST HUMMUS IN CHICAGOLAND.  All of the food was seasoned extremely well and I found an awesome mix of nuts in the grocery aisles along with some of my favorite Mediterranean spices. The butcher had some gorgeous cuts of meat in the case, but I will have to come back to get some at a later date. The hummus was creamy, garlicky, and just plain frickin delicious.  My husband and I had a stare down, when the last spoonful was left, needless to say, I won!!!  He knows, a happy wife = a happy life. GO!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,6/20/2012,646,300,6,10,7>What better way to celebrate my mother 61st birthday then with some homemade Italian food.To our server Loree with two e's......"You had me at pasta fagioli" and then you sealed the deal with the Allagash White as beverage of choice. I am still all smiles this morning from last evening's dinner.I ordered the incredible Filet of Salmon sauteed in a lemon butter cream sauce. You know this entree was superb because this fish swam in from the North Atlantic. I mean seriously the cream sauce alone is worth bottling and selling like hot sauce on the shelf.For starters the Anthony's Grilled Calamari in homemade marinara sauce was like bringing home the gold in the Olympics. Squeeze a little lemon and chew...yum!Was it a bad thing to keep dipping the complimentary Italian bread in the marinara sauce? Well too bad, it was magnificent!Our server was great and knowledgeable of the menu. I love how the Clara's Pasta crew hustles and really makes the dining experience memorable. That is good repeat business when someone like me notices. I am a foodie and you all made an impression.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,6/19/2012,122,412,2,16,8>The Kebab House is a fabulous find in an area bereft of quality places to dine.  Stuck in a seventies-style mall on Grand Avenue among the car dealers, it's a bit hard to find if you don't know it's there. But it's definitely a gem of a find.My friend recommended it to me - this used to be the home of another great ethnic restaurant, Somchai, which closed several years ago. I stopped by after work, as my training studio is just down the block from here.It's exactly the type of restaurant I love in the city - a small Mom and Pop place where the owners are there and they obviously take pride in the food they create. I found the service to be nothing less than spotless - they gave me a complimentary custard dessert (can't remember the name) while I waited for my takeout - it's delish, by the way. And the chef carried all my food out to my car because he was concerned it would spill - great service.I ordered a bunch of takeout and was quite impressed with their menu. They have the old standbys, such as kebabs and falafel; but they also have some unusual dishes as well. They also have a great selection of vegetarian entrees, which is great for me. I ordered the lamb shank, which came in a huge container swimming with fresh veggies and a tomato-garlic sauce. The veggies were enough for a meal. I also got the mixed grill kebab for my husband and son, and a spinach primavera for me. Everything was fantastic, and such large portions - we'll have yummy leftovers for a couple of meals!BYOB - even better!Please support this unique addition to a somewhat boring restaurant landscape. Kebab House will tempt you with savory standbys as well as adventurous new entrees to try.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,6/18/2012,52,179,3,8,8>This place is phenominal. Willowbrook houses animals that could no longer be in the wild or are being nursed back to health for reintroduction into the wild. The volunteers really enjoy working there and are more than willing to talk about the animals, exhibits and the facility in general. It opens to a beautiful nature trail where you can see some natural prairie settings and tons of different birds flying freely and an exhibit for their cranes.They even have information with each exhibit on the conditions the animals were rescued from and why they are being kept at Willowbrook. Great place to go for a walk on a nice day. Highly recommend visitng and be sure to donate whatever you can for a great cause!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,6/17/2012,1096,1134,7,10,8>We have a new contender in the Southside Italian fair competition. The decor is pleasing to the eye, as are the prices. We had a couple of martini's, a dirty and a cosmo. We both agreed that they were some of the smoothest drinks we have ever had. And they were full to the brim. The meal came with a soup or salad, so I went with the minestrone. It was incredibly tasty and the fresh vegetables made it seem like someone's mother was in the kitchen cooking. I had the stuffed chops although it was a difficult choice from all of the offerings available. They were piled high with cheese, spinach and sautéed mushrooms. Bone on and cooked to perfection. Wow, on the meter for taste and presentation. The server was pleasant and very attentive. It made the experience that much more enjoyable. This place will make you forget the F word in Palos Park.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,6/16/2012,59,262,13,6,6>Our Chicken, who art off rt. 59, hallowed by thy crust, thy juice will run, on my arm as it is in my mouth, give us this day our daily corn fritter, and forgive us for eating at KFC, Popeye's, and especially chicken basket, as we forgive those who don't know what their doing, and lead me continually in temptation, and someday start delivering. YEAH SUCKAAAAAS! It's dat good. I'll rewrite Moby Dick, except I'll be in search of the biggest chicken for WFF to fry. It's simple people. Get a bucket, I prefer all dark meat. White meat is all too often dry (from anywhere) and chewy. Have your favorite hot sauce nearby (Louisiana or franks), a big ol' bag of corn fritters, a side of slaw (yes, you may need to chill it), and another big ol' bag fries. Their chicken is not overly breaded, yet nicely crispy, and very juicy. The frys are excellent, which I was originally unexpected. The corn fritters are awesome, something I'm always looking forward to getting. Their coleslaw has a little extra vinegar and maybe some sugar to balance it all out. Works out perfectly when you've got a mouth full of food. WWF is the best fried chicken we can get out here. Stop delaying, try it, then try it again, then figure out how you can sell your house to live closer. Then start working there. Then open up your own. Then, and only then, is your life complete.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,6/15/2012,288,304,8,10,9>For me the most important part of any aerobic class is the instructor. They make or break the class. For example, I love Turbo Kick classes and had trouble finding a place that offered the classes that wasn't too far away. I finally found a class that wasn't too far, but farther than I liked. I took the class and never went back. Why? The instructor was insane...and not in a good way. Lisa is a fantastic instructor. Her energy is contagious. I love her song choices and her sweet zumba moves. Pooooison...Poison! That's right, BBD was in full effect and it was awesome. The class may seem intimidating at first b/c it is very high energy and at times really fast paced but she is a master at giving visual cues to help you keep up and transition from one move to the next with ease. She also offers some "special" classes throughout the year which I really appreciate. Black light zumba? Hell, yes! Halloween zumba? Oh no you didn't! She's also done some fundraisers. It's a great way to burn some calories and give back to the community. What could be better than that?I also love that there is a wide age range in attendance at her classes. I think it is a true testament to her instruction and shows there is something for everyone. If a 65 year old can shake it to LMFAO's I'm Sexy and I know It, then so can you. Give one of her classes a try, and don't be late to the dance party.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,6/14/2012,341,162,12,12,11>Who gets dressed up at the end of April in full zombie makeup and hangs out in Berwyn?We do.  We're back from the grave and ready to party!  Where's the only place that's all horror, all the time?  The perfect place to gather up some ghouls and throw a monster mash?  Horrorbles without a doubt.  It was halfway to Halloween and I was lucky enough to get invited to a killer bash/Birthday party.  Down a narrow wooden staircase beneath the building lies a 16 seat mini-theater.  Does it get any cooler than that?  The answer is no.  Return of the Living Dead, BYOB, pizza (on the house), and 3 zombies ready to feast on braaaaaains... err beeeeeeers!   The upstairs is filled with horror collectibles, trinkets, signed merch, DVDs and full size character statues (perfect for photo shoots!)  that would make the biggest horror fan-boy to the average scary movie lover swoon.  Check their website for the full wonder of all they supply.  It's pretty impressive.  It's also definitely a place you should keep in mind around Halloween.  They throw some awesome events as well.So grab 15 of your friends, your favorite horror flick , some cocktails, and don't forget to come early to browse the store.  I recommend Poultrygeist youtube.com/watch?v=bLp1… (you can thank me later.)  Why wait for Halloween to indulge in the spirit of all things wicked.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/13/2012,270,833,8,16,10>This was my first experience ever eating Indian food...and they sold me. I'm officially an Indian food lover. Luckily I came with a group of gals that  were Indian food connoisseurs and they knew exactly what to order. They have an extensive menu - lots of vegetarian items to choose from, as well as items for meat lovers. I couldn't even tell you what we ordered...we literally ordered probably 10 different items. Everything from different rices to bread, to a dish that had spinach in it. Everything was awesome. You can specify how spicy you want your dishes to be, and we ordered them very mild. It was perfect for my taste. I don't think that there is anything on the menu that I wouldn't recommend so far!! I would try it all!One of the best parts of this experience was the service. We were VERY well taken care of. The staff was very attentive and helpful. They answered any question we had,  filled our water glasses continuously, and made sure that we were fully satisfied. There was also a great Yelp deal that I partook in - that's always a great perk! I would highly recommend this restaurant!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,6/12/2012,280,274,5,12,5>'Local' has been a buzz word lately.Shop Local. Local Farmer's Market. Etc. Etc. Etc.And then you eat at a place like The Turf Room and you realize that local businesses like this have re-invigorated the "Support for Local Businesses Movement". The Turf Room is located in a stretch of bucolic farmland in North Aurora. It is a restaurant that is appropriately framed by its surroundings. That's because The Turf Room draws inspiration from its 'hood' unlike most National Commercial Chains that have invaded every little pocket of America's suburbs. Those chains are manufactured right of the box; it doesn't really matter where they are located. Does Olive Garden in Geneva really differ from Olive Garden in Long Island? Does anyone really care???The Turf Room is quite possibly the coolest OTB in the U.S.A.The space is separated into two distinct areas: An Off-Track Betting Room in the back and a Dining Lodge-style Restaurant. Don't let that description fool you. The restaurant serves Duck, Bison, and Seared Tuna. There is a very good wine list. And the restaurant has a terrific indoor and outdoor fireplace (or firepit). The bathrooms are actually retrofitted horse stalls. There are newspaper clippings of Derby Horses here and there. If you're feeling lucky, you can lay down a few bets in between courses. I've been here six or seven times since I moved from the city. It's one of my favorite spots. The Turf Room has a ton of character....entirely driven by the locale. There are numerous stables in the area. It makes me feel like I'm back in Saratoga Springs watching horses in the paddock right before a race.Who said the Burbs don't have any identity???
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/11/2012,2251,305,4,9,7>I'm the Dutchess here and I haven't written a review yet? Impossible! I don't even bother "checking in" anymore I've been coming here for so long.... Okay. Looked at my reviews and it's possible. Probably because Francesca's is such a restaurant staple for us that it never dawned on me. And so, I profusely apologize Mia Francesca Intimo. You have treated me so well over the years and I have taken you for granted. Forgive me. Okay. Enough drama! When we first moved here, people kept asking us, have you been to Francesca's yet? It was like a never ending echo. Francesca's Francesca's Francesca's. (Marsha Marsha Marsha!!!) Well, we finally went and about hit ourselves over the head that we hadn't gotten there before. Think of Francesca's as a good friend. It's the place that the neighborhood goes to for warm atmosphere, lively conversation, comforting food that fills your tummy and soul. They consistently serve delicious food. I think over the past years they've maybe served one dish to me that was just too salty. And that's it! I've eaten almost everything they offer on the menu. The linguini mare remains my all-time favorite pasta dish -- slightly zesty tomato basil sauce, hearty linguini noodles, huge shrimp. Depending on the menu for the evening they may throw in asparagus or spinach. The pasta portions are ridiculously huge. Like crazy huge. Always have leftovers to take home. The fish dishes I return to the most are the ones with tilapia -- usually with spinach. (yep. I like my vegetables and spinach rocks the top of the list.) The appetizers are straight forward. We often skip them to leave room for dessert. (Have I mentioned the huge pasta portions -- it's hard to do pasta and an app and dessert. A lady has to choose!) We about die over the coconut cake. If you like coconut, get it! And if you don't see it on the specials menu or dessert menu, just ask. You never know!We even get take-out from this place if we're stuck home without a sitter. Lots of families here with junior high and high schoolers earlier in the evening. Not exactly the place for preschoolers -- pasta thrown on top of the woman seated next to us, red wine splashed on the older gentleman trying to have a lovely dinner with his wife, bread pieces chucked across the room at texting teenagers. It's too much to bare just thinking about it!!! But I digress. The decor is welcoming and inviting. Dark woods, a flowing wave-like ceiling gives a sense of calmness and movement all at the same time. Tight seating that seems to fit the place and doesn't make one feel scrunched in. Exceptionally friendly waiters. Picked up take-out this weekend and one of them saw me and said hello. Asked when I was going to get said phantom sitter so I could come in for a proper date night again. The bar area is pathetic, that I will say. A five seater at best right by the door. But most people don't just walk-in so it's not really meant to be a true bar. You can walk-in for lunch but dinner generally needs a reservation so be sure to call beforehand to see if they can squeeze you  in. You may just see me there!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,6/10/2012,33,144,4,6,4>The Plush Horse is one of the absolute southwest suburbs ice cream places. For homemade, hand-dipped ice cream, there aren't any better places around.First off, all their ice cream is homemade, which not only makes it fresh, but gives them opportunities to make flavors that the other guys who order their ice cream from elsewhere don't.I love the atmosphere of the place, too. It's very old timey in there, with a kind of natural turn-back-the-clock feel, that's only aided by how secluded the 123rd and 86th Ave location feels (it's not, you're only a few miles from the busiest section of LaGrange Rd in Orland). But Plush Horse stands out because it's been the source of many memories for generations of us in the southwest side and now that I'm grown up, I love being able to introduce it to the next one.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,6/9/2012,93,61,3,4,3>I had to literally check my profile because I cant believe I've never wriiten a review for this place.. But then again, it's a hidden gem that I may not want to reveal.. ;) I've been a patron of this fine brewing establishment ever since they opened up. I remember going there for the first time and thinking to myself " Man this place is cool, I sure hope they dont go out of business " considering the difficulty in actually LOCATING the place! Well, a few years later and I can hardly get a seat at the bar! They have really done a great job in making the tap house a local watering hole. They brew all their beer in this location, and guaranteed to have a large amount of them on tap on any day.. They also have a large variety of bottled beer in the cooler for your tastebud pleasure.Their food is right up on par with their beer. They pride themselves with their all natural ingredients, weekly specials and items with their beer as an ingredient! My favorite is the creame of mushroom soup, fish tacos, pizza, or anything else bartender Paul suggests! I generally hit this place once a week to get my " fix " and am happy for their success..Until next time...... Cheers!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,6/8/2012,363,708,8,9,7>With apologies to my husband, I've got a crush on a guy named Pete. This review is a year in the making. Originally this place was supposed to open early summer 2011; then fall; then it kept getting pushed back.Meanwhile we moved to southwest Lombard and discovered that we really missed having Meijer, Caputo's and Carniceria Jimenez nearby. I love me some Trader Joe's, but the other stores nearby just haven't been cutting it when it comes to a wide variety of fresh produce, great meat/deli and ethnic products galore.Pete's promised to deliver, if only it would OPEN already ... well that glorious day finally arrived. I was a little worried it wouldn't live up to the hype.Let's just say the grocery store we were biding our time with has been kicked to the curb. That said, we need to return next when it's not quite so busy -- Saturday afternoon is not a great time to judge a new grocery store. A few observations:- The parking lot is a little tight, not quite enough room for cars going both ways. They should make lanes one-way.- The entrance is a little goofy because there is produce outside and the carts are sort of tucked back.- Big, shiny produce section. Great variety, good prices.- Huge deli counter. We didn't hang around here too long because it was jam-packed but I will be back to look at selection and prices.- Great meat selection, good prices.- Unlike some produce/meat-centric grocery stores, they actually have good prices on "normal" canned and boxed food like cereal, canned beans, etc. - Lots of ethnic/imported products. - Prepared foods, salad bar, gelato, coffee ...- Bagger was a bit slow and then checkout aisles are tight. Dear person in front of us, please move down or off to the side to put your cash and receipt away instead of blocking the credit card machine!I'm smitten. I can't wait to go back when we can browse the aisles slowly and savor it a bit more. It would basically be perfect if there were no other customers ;)
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,6/7/2012,76,103,4,10,7>This place kept popping up in my friends Check-ins and it sounded good according to Stacey M. and Eric E. and I kept thinking thats nearby I got to give it a try soon.So this morning after taking my wife into Chicago very early for a Dr. Appointment on the way back home feeling extremely hungry thought no time better then the present to give it a try.Now I'm a big guy and a hearty eater but wow! What enormous portions I couldn't even finish it all.I had a truckers Skillet with sausage,ham,bacon,peppers,onions and mushrooms in a skillet full of crispy hash browns and covered with two eggs but since its double yolk you get four. Then they ask Toast,pancakes or a small order of biscuits and gravy I opted for the Biscuit and gravy and the small order covers a whole dinner plate and they were pretty good too.The waitress checked on us frequently and were quite nice as well. And they have a YELP friendly greeting on there front door too how cool?  Check them out I'm glad I did!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,6/6/2012,255,326,10,10,11>Pumpkin Moon is, like other reviewers say, comparable to Uncle Fun in Lakeview. From novelty gifts to seasonal decorations, the store is packed with inexpensive (and a few not-so-inexpensive) items. Do you need Communist Breath Mints? They have you covered. Looking for a humorous or offbeat birthday card? They are in stock here. Did you just use up your last rubber chicken? Pumpkin Moon has three kinds. Don't even BOTHER shopping someplace else for things that look like poop but really aren't!Parking around here is usually pretty good. It's certainly cheaper and easier than parking in Lakeview, and there's a lot of other stuff to do in the area. It's a great place to kill time if you're early meeting somebody for lunch or don't feel like going home yet after your doctor appointment.Of course, I also love that the staff laughs at my jokes. One of the perks of shopping at a small local business over a chain is that they hire people who want to be there, and you don't have to deal with robo-clerks. Whether they are cackling along with me because I'm actually funny, or if it's more of a, "Wow, this lady is totally nuts" kind of thing is anybody's guess, but it's still nice to see a little life and personality. This shop has kid-friendly stuff but also more risque items, because again, they are independent and not mandated to stock or not stock things by a corporate board. This store is therefore not for squares, prudes, or people who think candies shaped like butts are offensive. The silly, the inane, and good-old fashioned nerds will feel right at home, though.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/5/2012,317,838,8,15,7>I couldn't believe that no one had Yelped Adina's yet.... when I tried to check in, there was not even a listing.  This is super surprising considering it has been open for about 20 years (it used to be owned by the dad and called Angelo's).This restaurant is about 2 minutes from my friend's house and we kept driving past it agreeing that we should check it out.  Well last Saturday, we went on a double date with Laura N. and her husband here before going to see a band at Viper Alley.  We chose Adina's because we were looking for a place that we could all agree on and Adina's seemed to have a very eclectic menu and offered a variety of entrees at reasonable prices.The inside of Adina's is super cute and cozy!  They even had live music in the bar area.  The dining area is fairly small and intimate.  I love small family owned places like Adina's... I would much rather dine here than some chain!The food was all fantastic.  They give you soup or salad with your entree and we split a saganoki appetizer.  My boyfriend and I could not decide on just one entree so we agreed on two of the specials and split them.  We had the Salmon de johnge and the chef's special pasta which was a creamy Cajun sauce with shrimp... so yummy and super filling.  We left with full bellies that night!  We will definitely return for a date night in the near future!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/4/2012,157,219,9,23,14>My grandfather, the son of two Polish immigrants, was a stickler for tradition. Every Christmas Eve throughout my life, we would have a traditional Polish dinner, that began with washing our hands with a silver dollar for good fortune and ended with oplatki (which tastes like communion, but the purpose is well wishes for your family). Though my grandfather has passed on, this Christmas Eve tradition reigns in my house. Of course, a traditional Polish dinner wouldn't be complete without pierogi and gwumpki (stuffed cabbage rolls), which we've acquired from St. Andrew's for as long as I can remember. G used to be responsible for ordering and picking up these delightful treats. (Yes, I said ordering--you want them for Christmas, you order 2 weeks in advance. No exceptions). He would never get enough potato for my my cousin and I, even though they used to be the only ones we would eat. Years later, my dad is now in charge, and he still doesn't order enough potato, but I love the kraut and cheese pierogi too. My favorite item is definitely the gwumpki, chock full of meat and rice and topped with a very mild tomato sauce. Happiness.Occasionally, Dad will go pick up a dozen or two piergi on a Saturday morning, and they come out warm and fresh, melting in your mouth as you sneak a few from the pack before dinner. In short, lets review: St. Andrews Ukranian KitchenCheese, Kraut, Potato Piergi = DumplingsGwumpki = Cabbage RollsKielbasa = Polish SausageKolachki = Polish CookiesSaturday Mornings Only from 8am-2pm (Go early, go often)For Christmas orders: Call ahead.To ensure you get what you want? Call ahead. What are you waiting for?Just do it.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/3/2012,82,199,6,10,9>I have to say, I was quite impressed with the major changes this place has made since I was a kid! No longer are the days of the little red school house....now there is a large nature center with activities, areas for animals (turtles, snakes, birds, frogs, lizards), a huge aquatic area for the larger turtles to swim about, and so many informative centers! I was more than surprised after driving out from Downers Grove, I was totally expecting it to be a little bit of a drive for not so much fun, but little girly and I ended up making a whole afternoon out of it!After I dragged her away from the turtles, we walked around outside and ended up on the 1 2/3 mile nature trail. After fighting me tooth and nail, she finally figured out she didn't want to walk the entire way and let me strap her into the stroller, kicked back, popped some cheerios in to her mouth, and enjoyed the ride. The nature trail's view is the very best at about maybe 2/3 miles in (or 1 mile in depending on which way you start) when you get a view overlooking the pond. Gorgeous! I could've sat there and just looked at the beautiful view forever. Unfortunately, it was right about then that little girly decided it would be fun to throw her cheerios in to the water to try and feed the ducks so we had to make a mad dash away from the water in an attempt to preserve the sanctity of nature.We ended the day back at the nature center playing with some of the games and puzzles. The highlights for little girly? Bags and a sound puzzle. The highlights for me? A clean Clean CLEAN family bathroom with a changing table! Though my Spring  Break draws to a close and thus my nanny days are ending, I will definitely be back here if should I ever take a short term nanny gig in the future.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,6/2/2012,2184,1339,14,18,9>I finallllllly got to Rivers Casino last night! I've been wanting to go since it opened so thank goodness my time finally came. The bad news is - I went last night. Friday nights and I would imagine Saturday nights are so incredibly busy. It's so packed it's hard to maneuver your way on the floor. So busy that every single machine was full and we had to wait around like stalkers for a slot machine.We did the Wheel of Fortune machine which is a favorite of many and OH-SO-EXCITING when you get to spin the wheel! There are both 25 cent and $1 Wheel of Fortune machines and I tend to stick with the 25 cent machine so I can play the max lines of 5 for $1.25 a spin! I didn't do too well last night - lost $60! Wah wah.The casino did suck me in quite well though because they had a promotion if you signed up for their players card and earned 10 points that day, you'd get a free buffet voucher to use in a month. Well....Hi, my name is Sarah and I'm an addict to promotions and freebies. I ended up earning 17 points (I was up $25 at one point but spent that, too!) but I got my voucher for the buffet. The buffet is $29 at night so that is an awesome bonus!All in all, Rivers Casino is so much more clean and modern then the Elgin and Indiana casinos because of it's newness. Also, the ID checker was a real friendly guy as were both people I dealt with in the players' card area. They seem to have a great staff on hand.Now for the coolest part of the casino, the parking garage! Each spot has a little light above it and it will turn red when the spot is occupied and green when it's open. It's so nice to be able to tell really quickly which spots are open in a lane so you can just skip the lane if nothing's open. Towards the bottom of the lot is a board telling you how many open spots there are on each floor as well. It's a totally futuristic parking garage! I love it! hehe It's the small things that make a difference, I tell ya.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,6/1/2012,283,456,9,14,9>I think I have told just about everyone I have talked to this week, about Wickets: my new favorite place in Schaumburg. I'm sooooooooo happy my sister talked me into making this our dinner choice Saturday night. I have to say, I was shocked that the line wasn't out the door. I think they just have a crappy location. Don't worry, Wickets, your time will come. They are alllllllll reading my Yelp review and they will come. I promise. (well, no guarantee, but I'm gonna try)First glace, I love the atmosphere. A very nice, clean, relaxing atmosphere with a TV every 6 inches. Perfect place to get the boys to come when us ladies wanna enjoy some nice dinner.  About 5 minutes in, I looked at my sister and I have to say, its just so cozy in here. I love it! We were just here for some apps and possibly dinner depending on how the apps went and then we were going to be off to another place for a cocktail or two, but somehow, we just couldn't leave this place. Aimee greeted us with her sparkling personaliy and smiling face and she knew that we had a plan. We started with an app of calamari. We enjoyed every single bite. It was fresh. It was delicious. It had jalapeno slices breaded and mixed in. Creative and spicy!!!! Very innovative. Gold star for Wickets!My sister had been going on and on about their chicken soup since her visit the previous weekend. I'm a HUGE soup fan. She knows it and so does anyone that reads my reviews. If a place has good soup, they have Catherine P. as a patron. Simple as that.We ordered a cup of their soup and informed our server that we were going to share it. So splitting it, was a good option. Wait for it...................she split it for us without us having to ask. Another Gold Star, that one's for you, Aimee! Their soup has huge chunks of white meat, beautiful noodles, lovely veggies and a hint of lemon. Oh man, you didn't know chicken soup could be such a topic for discussion, did you? Well, if you go to Wickets, and order yourself a cup (which is actually a bowl, I might add), you will know why I'm carryiing on like this.After the soup, we decided that dinner was not going to happen. We decided on trying out the Chicken Samosas. Something totally different and this is the place if I'm going to venture out of the norm. Everything just seems to be of higher quality, including the service.I was impressed. I'm so glad, this place is close to home. It almost seems Oak Brook-esque and I'm glad they chose Schaumburg's Streets of Woodfield. I believe we will be going again Friday night and I can't wait.The one and only flaw, ALL of their tables, are high tops, so I do not forsee bringing in any older, more fragile people from my family. I mean, I don't see Grandma climbing up into one of their chairs. Perhaps, a thought for the future, Wickets.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/31/2012,178,365,8,10,8>I think it's about time that I preface all of my beer reviews with the fact that by the time I actually write the review, I'm most likely half to full on lit.  This may sway my vote.  Either way, here goes:ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL ABOOOOOOOOOOOOOOARRRRRRRRRRRD!  Chugga, chugga, chugga, chugga, chugga, chugga, chugga, chugga, choo-choo!  Yeah, that was a play on the fact that I am drinking in an old train station.  Yeah, I know it's not remotely funny.  Did I mention I'm drunk?Anyway, I finally made it out to Flossmoor Station.  It's in the middle of nowhere but has a great atmosphere and a great presence.  It also helps that the service, beer, and food were all great too.  Apparently there are flights of 5, 10, or 15 beers (each at 4 ounces a pour) so I went with the 5 and figured if I could handle more I would either get another 5 or a full pint.  I stopped after 5.  I ended up trying:Gandy Dancer Honey Ale- This is a lighter beer with a decent rye maltiness and a nice amount of hop bitterness.  Good starter beer for people who like crap and want to branch out into the craft beer (read: good beer) world. Panama Red Ale- This beer is fantastic.  It's a carmel colored beer with a nice balance of malt and hops.  It has a nice hop aroma and a decent bitterness for a red ale.  Apparently, it is brewed with 9 types of malt and 4 types of hops.  Nice.Railhopper IPA- OHHELLYES.  This 7.5% abv beer has a nice malty backbone but it's not too malty.  I actually wrote in my notes (yeah, I'm that guy when I taste beer) that this beer was "effing good".  It also has a nice hop aroma and bitterness.  I actually bought this one in a bomber for $10 on my way out.  Yeehaw.  (P.S.  Buy the beer at the host stand as opposed to the table so you can save some dough on taxes.  Huzzah!)Pullman Nut Brown Ale- I swear, the bartender mispoured here or I don't know what I am talking about...the beer I drank was heavy on the rye, tasted bourbon-barrel aged, and had carmel and nutty notes.  It did not match the description at all.  Either I am way off, or I wasn't drinking the brown ale.Iron Horse Stout- strong, creamy, espresso-y, with a strong barley flavor.  Not bad, but not my favorite stout.Food!  I also ate here.  My husband and I both got the Build Your Own Brewery Burgers.  I loved mine with every thread of my being.  It came out a little more well than I would have liked, but the buffalo sauce, blue cheese, sour cream, and pepperjack were all so fresh and delicious that I didn't care.  I also got the wedges which were awesome.  Especially dipped in the extra sour cream that I got.  YUM.  We also got "cheese logs" but my husband was all perturbed that they had paprika on them.  I was too busy drinking to eat them, but they looked good enough.Service was good, beer was great, and the food was excellent.  What more can you ask for?
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,5/30/2012,209,310,6,6,7>I am not a fan of donuts.  I generally skip them all together.  But with my friend's insistence we went.  Spunky Dunker Donuts is the best name ever for a donut shop.  Five stars for originality.  So we go in and a very nice young man gives us the lay of the land.  He is giving us the ins and outs, the most popular and what we've missed because they've already sold out.  I was bummed to hear they were out of brownies.  Boo hiss!  They must be good! Well they were just coming out with some freshly made Red velvet cake donuts.  We got to sample 'em hot and fresh.  Devine.  We also got other samples.  I like the try before you buy concept.  I wound up with the red velvet, the sour cream and the cherry.  All cake donuts and all excellent.  The best part about this place though was the 4 workers in the back kickin' butt and takin' names, making donuts, covered in flour and mixing big bowls of dough.  Place is owned by a woman and her two sisters and she was one of them in the back that was working her tail off.  Opened 24 hours.  Don't miss this if you are anywhere remotely near this place.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,5/29/2012,359,353,8,16,9>$9.95 for a killer Indian lunch buffet?! That's it?!?Yes. That's it. Given that low of a price, I'm sure you're questioning a few things. Is it even worth it? Do they have more than 4 items? Is it good quality, and not some frozen chicken masala from the freezer section at the grocery store? Yes. Yes. Yes.I had been hearing mass raves about Maharaja throughout my office for the past few months. Why I haven't gone sooner, I don't know. I love Indian food, but sometimes it doesn't love me back. Perhaps that was the reason. We went to lunch a little before 1:00pm on a Friday and I'll be honest, I was slightly concerned the buffet would have slim pickins since the buffet starts at 11:30am - and is completely slammed through lunchtime. To my surprise, more and more fresh dishes kept coming out, and the buffet was constantly being refilled. That meant no dry rice, no soggy pakora, nothing cold, and no buffet items with less than a scoop left. Apparently the lunch buffet is open until 3:00pm - so definitely something to keep in mind for a late lunch. The buffet offered vegetarian, lamb, chicken and fish dishes. There was at least a half dozen condiments, and a few desserts to try. Of the dishes I tried ((only vegetarian)) here's what I absolutely loved...**SAUCES**::Mint Chutney::Coconut Chutney::Tamarind ::Vegetable Pakora ((Onion, Cauliflower, Potatoes and Spinach fritters, battered in a thick gram flour, blended with freshly ground herbs and spices and deep fried))::Vegetable Jalfrezi ((Mixed seasonal vegetables cooked to perfection with herbs and spices))::Palak Paneer ((Spinach and homemade Indian cheese cubes cooked with onions, tomatoes,mild spices and fresh herbs))::Yellow Tardka Dal ((Yellow lentil curry prepared with tomatoes, onions, ginger, and temperedwith cumin and mustard seeds))::Chana Masala((Chick peas cooked in a mildly spiced onion and tomato gravy))::Vegetable Biryani ((Saffron flavored rice prepared with fresh vegetables, specially imported herbs,spices, and nuts))::Vegetable Hakka Noodles::Mango Kulfi((Homemade Indian ice cream flavored with mango and nuts))The decor and atmosphere reminds me something out of a bad porno. Between the fluorescent green and blue lights, mass amounts of crystal chandeliers, and the cracked glass wall paneling, I had to giggle to myself a little. Who knows, perhaps this place turns into a disco dance floor at night! Either way, the decor lacked something to be desired...but after all, that is not what I came for!The waiters were very attentive, making sure finished buffet plates were cleared, and water glasses were filled. I especially liked the carafes of water next to the buffet. Let's just say I'm fairly sensitive to spicy foods, so being able to help myself to another gallon of water scores big points in my book.My first experience at Maharaja was spectacular. I wanted to eat until I could burst - or at least until some of my internal organs told me to stop. The food was delicious.I came. I chowed. I left stinkin' of Indian spices. But in  the end, I found an amazing, quick, and inexpensive new lunch spot.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,5/28/2012,29,78,7,4,5>Walking in the door I was pleasantly surprised by such a large, open and bustling bakery. I had expected there to be about one lone employee with a few offerings, but I was totally wrong. As I waited in line another customer and I ogled a baker frosting chocolate cupcakes. The bakery cases were overflowing and nicely set up with delicious looking treats. It would be a fun place to bring people just to watch the goings-on.Now onto the food. I'd read about the tamales in the local high school newspaper, and being a huge tamale fan I had to try them. The tamales did not disappoint. I had a mixture of the green spicy pork and the mild cheese and poblano ones. I liked the spicy ones slightly more, but the mild ones were also tasty. If you like spicy food though I would recommend just going with the spicy tamales. On a Saturday they were out of the red pork tamales which I believe are medium, so you might want to call ahead if you are making a larger order.I also tried the mexicana sandwich on the toasted bollo. It had ham, avocado, Chihuahua (had to look up how to spell that) cheese, jalapenos and a spicy thousand islandish sauce. It was a tasty sandwich, but the best part was that the employee making the sandwich was so conscientious about making it the best sandwich possible. The toaster burnt the edge of the bread and instead of just ignoring that and hoping I wouldn't care, she re-toasted the bread. These little details make me want to go back because I like to give my money to places that value how they present themselves to customers. Plus I want to go back to try everything else that I didn't. I don't think I'm the only one either because I overheard another customer say  that as long as Aracely's was open, LaGrange would sink a few feet lower into the ground from all the extra calorie consumption.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,5/27/2012,16,74,5,7,5>My wife, daughter and I came here this past Sunday for lunch and were pleasantly surprised by the food. I had the Illini Burger. Buffalo with goat cheese and grilled onions on a pretzel roll. Wow. I had been wanting a buffalo burger for a while and I was a happy man after this one. My wife had a chicken sandwich with a red pepper aoli, also on a pretzel roll. Another winner. The aoli was spicy but not over the top. Perfect. My daughter had the kids sliders basket and enjoyed her burger. It was a huge portion for a kid. Very good onion rings, waffle fries, and sweet potato fries. The atmosphere was very much a sports bar but we knew that going in. I would definitely go back here again but I might not bring my daughter. It was "kid friendly" but a little too much of a bar for me to bring her again. It also was curious that we were not offered the free kids sundae after the meal. We saw it on the menu and saw it served to other kids in the restaurant but our server (who was very nice) never offered it to us. I would have asked but I was fine with my daughter passing on ice cream after lunch. I just found it odd. Pints had a great menu of beers and a great food. When I'm back in the area, I'll be back in Pints.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,5/26/2012,144,184,5,7,5>Went on the 2 hour sunset kayaking with a bunch of girlfriends recently and had an awesome time.  Even though they provided maps as to where the boat launch would be--I still went to the wrong area--boo for me and directions.  They provided all the equipment: lifejacket, oar, and kayak.  I recommend water shoes just because Im not a huge fan of sand or rocks in between my toes.  The fabulous trip leader gave us some instruction/safety and then we were off and paddling--ok maybe not at first :)The staff was so patient and nice---especially because I felt like the first half of the trip I definitely needed special attention--since we were veering in the opposite direction of the group---geesh who would've thought it would be so difficult to turn or keep going straight--but with the proper instruction and a little special ed tugging from one of the trip leaders---we were on our way to cruising on lake michigan.Being that this was my first time and I didn't fall out or become traumatized--I definitley will be doing this again.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,5/25/2012,60,239,5,6,9>Ahhh, now this is my kind of place!  This is the kind of tavern that you found all over Chicago in the 70's and 80's until Mayor Ritchie started his onslaught on the neighborhood corner tavern.  Yes, there still are taverns like this around and they are  as comfortable as a pair of old shoes.  There's no food here other than snacks but you can order pizza or Mexican chow from down the street and they will deliver.  Just a handful of beers on tap but they DO have Guinness, Smithwick's and Blue Moon on tap and the prices are very reasonable.Their motto is "You are a stranger here but once" and they really do mean it.  When I was walking to the door, there was a gent outside having a smoke.  After a few minutes he came inside and went behind the bar and I realized he was one of the bartenders.  After I had rapidly wet my whistle with my favorite Irish "mother's milk", he came over and poured me another.  As he set it down, he asked my name and chuckled that he could see that I was giving him the once over as I entered the bar.  He said his name was Red and we had a nice chat.Nothing fancy here - just good booze and fine company.  My kind of place...
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,5/24/2012,75,174,8,8,5>Born and raised in Chicago, I tend to be very critical of Chicago style hot dogs and judge anyone who puts ketchup on their hot dog unless they are a child or an expecting mother. Going to Gene's and Jude's is actually quite an adventure in itself. Parking at this place is a nightmare. The lot is jammed full of patrons' cars which is a true testament to just how good their food is. The line is extremely long, and the hungry people are very pleasant to converse with while in line. Despite the line being long, it moves quickly and their service is very efficient. Their dogs are AMAZING, and when you order one, it comes with mustard, sport peppers, relish and  fries on top. A separate order of fries itself is huge, I recommend splitting it with friends. The tamales are okay, I would stick with the fries. There are no chairs/tables inside the stand since all the floor space is reserved for line standing. I believe that is the case to prevent people from staying longer, since this is a hot dog stand, not a restaurant. Classic hole-in-the-wall hot dog stand in a league of its' own.These Chicago-style hot dogs are as Chicago as corrupt politicians, road construction, ridiculous weather, the BULLS and deep dish pizza are. Ask for ketchup, I dare you.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,5/23/2012,136,719,6,6,6>A taxi driver told me about this place ages ago and I FINALLY made it in yesterday. It's a little family restaurant with delicious down home offerings. I had the beef and cheddar sandwich on delicious bread, with a side of tater tots (whee!). My plate came with complimentary pie, so I picked dutch apple since it was on my mind. The hot chocolate came in homey brown mug with about 2" of whipped cream MMM perfect on a cold winter's day.I noticed they had a little salad bar section on the North side of the dining room, and a bakery section near the entrance at the West side of the building.I would totally come here again for one of their breakfast specials, which are served all day long.If you're lucky enough to get seated by the windows you'll have a lovely view of the Fox River and some ducks and geese.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,5/22/2012,46,49,6,7,6>Not only is the food outstanding.  The servers are outstanding!Emily, our waitress, gave us a couple of free appetizers, and lets face it, I love free stuff AND I love food, so she earned major brownie points in my book.The food is great.  Great menu to choose from, and you can have anything from Grass-feed beef burger, or change it to lamb, or portabello, or something else.  It may have been Unicorn meat for the deliciousness the burger I ate was!They have a nice selection of craft beer in bottle, and on tap.  The bar stayed open late just because we wanted to have a couple extra beers after our meal.  They didn't complain, didn't even tell us they were supposed to close earlier, they just let us stay because we were there enjoying ourselves.I have only been there once, but I honestly cannot wait until I get a chance to go back!They have amazing food, and great prices, great atmosphere, and great staff.Oh, and if you tell them you haven't been there before, the waitress/waiter will tell you about the entire menu options... Which honestly I stopped listening after about 20 seconds cause I was more amazed at her crazy knowledge about the menu and how much they have to tell you!  But she was more than happy to help me with the options, and again, I loved my waitress!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,5/21/2012,213,113,7,8,7>First thing you'll notice when you walk into this place is how big it is.  There were 4 (?) dining areas that I counted, and the doesn't include the hibachi area or private room.  I've been to a lot of Asian buffets, and this is by far favorite.  The variety, quantity, and quality of the food is top notch (in comparison to other buffets).Positives:- I focused on the sushi, sashimi, and oysters.  Overall they were good and fresh (for a buffet).  I tried some other items, fried rice, pot stickers, chicken wings, steak all of which were above average.-Dessert was nice.  Real ice cream, fruit, cakes, and of course, cotton candy.  There is chocolate fountain that was not turned on, though.Negatives:-  We had a party of about 16 people.  For some reason we were placed in the private room that we also had to share with another large party. This room is basically a long narrow hallway.  Because of the layout of the room, it gets really loud, and difficult to move around.  They couldn't even fit all of us in the room, so some of our party had to sit at the hibachi station.  With a place this big, I don't understand why they couldn't sit us in one of the dining areas.- In a place this big, there were only 2 televisions, both in the bar area.  They had the Golf Channel and HGTV on, but for some reason, they couldn't get ESPN or Comcast Sportsnet for the Bulls or Knicks game.  The bar area is pretty nice.  It looks like a nice area to come and hangout it.  Unfortunately, it's pretty uninviting.  Not only with the TV's, but also with the bartender.  He seems angry, like he didn't want to be there.Overall, my family like going to buffets, and this one tops all the ones that I've been to so far.  There were a few stations that I didn't try, and I look forward to coming back.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,5/20/2012,204,392,7,5,3>I'd like to pause and give a massive High-Five to the sky for the ever so tasty creation that is nachos.Let's rewind this a few clicks and get to the real source of our nacho infatuation. Mullen's. A friend and I met up for a casual drink to catch up and drink up. The oh so typical standard. When she picked Mullen's, I honestly had no clue where it was. Mistake Numero Uno.Parked right off of I-88, it's a perfect hub for a relaxed pint or a full on after-hour cocktail. It's sort of a bar where anything goes. From the wooden booths to the plentiful bar tables scattered throughout, there's an assortment of places to set your pretty booty down and get comfortable with the likes of everyone else in the neighborhood. From suits to jeans, beers to shots...are you ready?We stuck it out for the night and had beer, but what sold me...was the Pot Roast Nachos. Did that come out right? Nachos with pot roast meat instead of chicken? Oh yes, that is very right. A hugely different take on a bar staple, this is a serious MUST if you are planning on getting pub grub while filling your neighbor in on a work schedule or bitching about your floor smelling like cat pee. In all fairness, the menu had a whole long list of foodies that sounded pretty great and filling but I'm going to come right on out and say that this will forever be my local hub for getting nachos in Naperville. Okay, technically it's Lisle...but whatever.All.Of.Naperville.Well done, Mullen's. You scored big-time with the pot roast nachos and uber relaxed place to slink away for a cheap drink.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,5/19/2012,234,114,5,5,7>Why I'll be damned, I did not expect such a place at the Oakbrook mall. I think its such a downplayed joint for what it can serve up. Most importantly, its price range not proportional to the level of satisfaction one receives. I think I've been to this place four times in a matter of weeks. Jesus I need help.The most memorable dishes are the simpler ones - spagetti bolognese and carbonara. First off, their pasta is made fresh...the texture and chewiness reflects such. Drives me nuts every time. Portions are considerable - I would recommend ordering two dishes and asking them to split it so that you and your lady (or man, whatever moves you) has a plate of each.They also have this gnocchi (their's are filled with fluffy ricotta cheese). It's ridiculous. I can't tell you how many times I've been turned off by an incredibly disappointing gnocchi. Anyway, the gnocchi was in a buttery mushroom sauce with some truffle oil. YES I'M IN HEAVEN.I don't want to forget the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, parm cheese, pickled veg and olive concoction that they serve with warm bread. Pretty good. Just don't eat too much of it or you'll feel naughty. Ignore that this place is in a freaking mall and pay it a visit sometime.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,5/18/2012,118,202,6,4,3>Fantastic prices and the best hot and sour soup I've ever had.  You can't go wrong with the lunch specials.  One plate will fill you up - for a different take on the Chinese buffets that dominates these cross streets you can go with someone else and order 3 dishes affordably.  A friend and I can do this but yes, if you do you will still have to be rolled out of here.The hot and sour soup - yes it is probably loaded with something I don't want to know about... but I don't think I've had better.  It is like when you like the knock-off fruit snacks better than the brand name ones even though the texture and color is a bit off.Orange chicken is spicy but good.  Beef and broccoli is very hearty and full of flavor.  General Tso's sticks to your gums just right.  The main dishes rank high on value and pretty high on flavor for the price.Cheap, quick, and tons of food for next to nothing.  One of my local favs!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,5/17/2012,78,271,6,7,7>I am angry. So angry. How did I not know that Zenwich was located less than 15 minutes from my house? How did I live for so long without the pillowy ciabatta bread and combination of Asian flavors? Thank God I found Zenwich today.Located in a strip mall off York St., Zenwich is a hidden gem in the Western 'Burbs. It is tiny with only a few tables, but its bright green walls tell you that there is a lot of flavor going on here. After reading some reviews, I ordered the Mu Ping pork sandwich and the Crabby Yo!o along with the Zen salad. The Mu Ping was an awesome combination of flavors. The jalapenos worked very well with the sweet mayo. I thought the pork could have been a little more tender, but it was awesome. The crab cake sandwich was my favorite. I loved that the crab was breaded in panko. It was moist and flavorful with a creamy garlic sauce. Both sandwiches were served on a delicious ciabatta. I was wondering if its home-made also?The zen salad was simple but the soy/balsamic dressing was unique. I also loved the asian pears on top.Now that I know what I have been missing out on for so long, I need to quickly make up for lost time and visit Zenwich at least once a week. Its a "must try" for anyone out in the Western 'Burbs.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,5/16/2012,4,63,8,11,8>My wife and I had to get our driver's licenses renewed at the SOS facility across the street, and we decided to stop and have lunch.  I love places that exude the ethnicity it touts, that is to say a place that caters more to the locals rather than the tourists (which, by the way, there aren't many of them around here).  To be sure,  when you walk in you KNOW you've entered a Middle Eastern Restaurant.  The old-timers are hangin'  and you definitely get 'the eyeball' as you enter should you be, say, 'other' than Middle Eastern.  But,  immediately we were greeted with glee and welcomed and told to sit wherever we felt comfortable. The service was great, prompt, helpful. The menu is short and sweet, with kabobs and Falafils. Because it was lunch I ordered a Falafil sandwich ($4) with everything which means a great homemade cucumber sauce, and a killer hot sauce on the side....and fresh, fresh, fresh.  My wife had the combo plate (about $13) upon recommendation, which turned out to be the thing to do. The meats were tender, well presented and a grand example of quality Middle Eastern Fare. Lunch prices were very reasonable  and I suspect the dinner menu doesn't change. Put aside your unmitigated, current political climate, unwarranted paranoias  and embrace this place.  I have a new favorite place and I am going to explore more Bridgeview Middle Eastern restaurants,... and someday I'll get the balls to go into one of them all male smoking Houkah joints. Who wants to go with me?  I'm kinda chicken.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,5/15/2012,239,635,6,9,7>This is my kind of store.  I had to stop in because they could repair cuckoo clocks, and the entertainment was great.  There are a ton of wall clocks on display and not necessarily set at the correct time because some clock, somewhere was chiming the entire time I was in there.  They also have mantle clocks, floor clocks, theme clocks, and watches and even a floor clock that is also a water fountain.  Most of the prices are very reasonable, but there are a few clocks that you would definitely not want ANY children near.So, they can fix my clock, something to do with the bellows, and only require a small deposit to begin the work.  It was like being in a music box store with plenty of happy sounds surrounding you.  Next time I am in need of a new clock, this is the place.  And, if in need of repairs, this is the place, too.Does anyone know what time it is?
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,5/14/2012,31,287,7,18,13>Siam's House is the best place for Thai food in Chicago, period. I am half Thai and  have been to Thailand three times and Thai food doesn't get any better than this outside of Bangkok. For the past 15 years, Siam's House continues to be my favorite restaurant in all of Chicago. Since I am a regular, I have asked the owner to make a special dish. It's their house fried chicken tossed with a special sauce. It's sweet, salty, sour, spicy - all of the flavors of Thailand in one fried juicy bite. You will not find this dish anywhere since it's the chef's creation. I call it Gai Mai (meaning new chicken in Thai). It's not on the menu but you must order it and you will seriously be amazed. I have taken two pictures of it and uploaded them for you. Even though I no longer live in the area, I still make it point to go out of my way to this restaurant because it is one of the few Thai places in the Chicagoland area that is really authentic. The interior could use some updating and the service can be slow but the food really speaks for itself. The flavors are simply amazing. Even the most common dishes such as pad thai and pad see yew are noticeably remarkable. On top of that, the portions are larger and the prices are reasonable. The dishes that I recommend are pad thai, pad see yew, roast duck over rice, panang curry, spicy basil duck, and fried chicken with papaya salad and sticky rice. These are the must haves when dining here. You'll immediately notice the taste in quality since everything is handled by the head chef and owner - no part time cooks at this establishment.After dining here, you will realize how Thai food should really taste. Welcome to Siam's House.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,5/13/2012,50,42,3,5,4>Who knew this place existed?!?! Thanks to Yelp (and my GPS) - I found it!Upon walking into Wurst Kitchen, I knew I was in a good place. The cases are full of all types of sausage or as Anthony Bourdain says, "meat in tube form". Going in, I had no idea what to expect, I was just going to pick up some bratwurst for dinner. Well, I found some delicious Garlic Brats, a pound of some delicious smoked bacon, some Portuguese Chorizo, and I even found a lamb sausage with onions. There is a good variety of fresh and frozen so stock up when you are there. There is also a nice selection of German dry goods as well. Located in a semi-residential part of town, the Wurst kitchen was a little hidden to me. I could see how people didn't know it was there. I found the prices to be fair and reasonable. What a little treasure to find! There's nothing like a local store with quality food. The Wurst Kitchen is totally worth the drive!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,5/12/2012,83,164,4,8,7>After seeing some of the other reviews here on Back Alley, was a little hesitant to check them out. Especially when you see their burgers hit the $9+ price range. Pretty particular about my burgers, and if I am going to do one - it's going to be done right. For that price I can hit up Redstone or Weber for something that will melt in my mouth (and on my hips!!) but is worth every penny.After driving past for several weeks, my chance came on a Friday night after a shopping adventure with my son. The girl who took our order was a little weird - did you give us the evil eye?! ~ But just chalked it up to them being crowded and perhaps she was a little crabby.Ordered 3 burgers - The back alley, the Coke and fries and the bottomless pit (for my hubby at home), and took it to go. Couldn't go without adding an order of onion rings and fries, which the bill was still just under $30 - which was great! Wrapped up the transaction, sat down and anxiously awaited. While waiting, managed to check out the place. Great selection of beer on tap - Stellas!!! - some wine and the cute, yet overly done, burger joint decor. Everything was clean, comfy and it looked like everyone who was dinning in was enjoying their food. About 10 minutes after placing our order, a guy happily brought out our white paperbag. Bag was pretty heavy when he gave it to me, warm and smelled really good!!Once in the car, couldn't wait to take a peak! Fries smelled so good, couldn't wait until we got home to sample - they were awesome!!! Freshly cut and warm. perfect amount of salt and not greasy. Onion rings were just as good - crispy, but fresh!! We couldn't stop muching on them!Burgers were GREAT!! Cooked perfectly, not greasy, and although the toppings on the descriptions seemed as though it could be overkill, you could taste everything! Bread was nice and sturdy , but soft (no holes in the bread!) and the meat itself was soft and tender.Always love finding a good burger joint in the area, and the next time that burger craving hits, we'll be back!!Better then smashburger down the street ~
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,5/11/2012,287,787,7,8,6>Eyebrow maintenance.  I cheated on my usual eyebrow joint today (wasn't MY fault they were busy--thank goodness I called first).  There aren't many threading places in my area (well, that are on Yelp anyway) and I'm really picky about who gets close to my face. So I always enter a new threading place with a bit of trepidation. Hair Your Way took me right away.  I called to confirm they were open and she was kind enough to ensure I knew the right address.  They are now located on the SW corner of Wise and Roselle Rd. The daughter was the one that threaded me to perfect brows. Nice, even and symmetrical. She was super friendly and took a bit longer with the threading than what I'm used to, but I'd rather they take care then zip-zip through the threading. 10bux for eyebrow and lip threading. Worth every penny. And a Bollywood movie with Aishwarya Rai was playing on the flatscreen--now SHE has beautiful eyebrows!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,5/10/2012,850,1294,20,15,14>This ain't my first Paczki Fest rodeo, pilgrim. You gotta saddle up and ride or die with paczki list in hand if you want to make it out the ring alive. Be sure you take a number, too. Otherwise, you're likely to get in a tussle. I've seen seasoned grandmothers become irate when they have to wait for their pre-orders, so you can imagine the stampede caused by walk-ins. It's tough all over in here and only the strong survive.My paczki partner in crime and I made the wise decision to come later at night. They are open 24 hours on the Monday before Lent. We arrived around 9:30pm and roped in quite a beautiful bounty of traditional, fresh fruit and gourmet goodies (Banana Split is to die for). We paid the price, tipped our hats and headed for home about 30 minutes later. Yea, even in the evening you're going to have to hold your horses. It's a busy place.----------We can nom if we want to.We can leave your friends behind.'Cuz it's OK they're not Polish, but if they don't eat paczkiWell, they're no friends of mine.We can dance, we can dance.Everybody's spending their cash.We can dance, we can dance.Everyone's got paczki in hand!It's a paczki dance.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,5/9/2012,81,277,4,6,6>I have gone to this place a couple times with my family. It has been mostly for dinner on weekends. The feeling of this place is somewhere between casual family dinning and a sports bar. I can't quite place where they are trying to go. There is a section with booths, a section with high tables, a bar section, a private party section that you pass on the way to the bathroom, and a section with couches. I guess it is safe to say there are many options when you visit.The service can be very good or a little slow. Most commonly the staff is young with extremely high energy. Even when it has been jam packed with customers, our food has never taken too long.With the exception of one dish that was on special (some kind of pot roast sandwich), all the meals I have ordered and my family members have been worth going back for. Now that I have been there a few times, I can't seem to veer away from their classic burger and fries. They give you just enough of the lightly seasoned fries to leave feeling satisfied. The burgers are huge and delicious. When I am brave enough to pass up the cheeseburger, I plan to order the trio of tacos because I see so many people around me eating them and they look delicious. Stay tuned!This is a nice place to bring someone because it is busy enough to keep conversation, there are a lot of tv's and different seating options, they have a GREAT craft beer list, and the food menu is big and tasty!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,5/8/2012,137,199,6,14,12>Does Mother Nature intrigue you?  Have you ever seen a community of Herons continue the circle of life right before your very eyes?  Well, it's not too late and only a short car ride away on Rt. 30 in Plainfield, Illinois.Located on the northern side of Renwick Rd and Rt. 30, beautiful Lake Renwick is hidden behind walls and walls of cat tails and reeds, but if you keep looking as you pass, you'll notice a small break in the foliage that reveals a man-made island in the middle of the Lake with (what looks like) a bevy of telephone poles strewn together every which way.  Now look closer...you'll see hundreds and hundreds of nests and birds perched all around, either mating or carefully attending to their newly born babies.  It's amazing to watch the Heron as they fly overhead or patiently wait for dinner to surface from the water, below.  Bring a lunch.  You're gonna want to stay a whileYou'll notice a small parking lot off of Rt. 30, complete with bathrooms, a few tables and a public telescope to bring the Heron community closer to you.  If you have them, I strongly suggest bringing binoculars.  That way you don't have to wait for whoever's using the telescope to walk away.  Have kids?  I think they'll find this experience to be like something at Busch Gardens...only better, because it's FREE!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,5/7/2012,252,423,9,9,8>To celebrate the wonderful Summer...I mean, Spring we are having so far we headed out for some ice cream! But not just ANY ice cream...no push-up pops or Ben & Jerry's just wouldn't do. We were looking for something extra special. Ice cream so wonderfully creamy and delicious it makes you want to buy a moo-moo to lounge around in, calories be damned! With that said we headed to fabled Capannari's.  If we didn't already know they were great based on the other reviews here on Yelp, the line going out the door would have been a good indicator.  They have oh so many yummy flavors of ice cream!  With an impressive array of regular flavors and a nice selection of rotating seasonal flavors you may find it difficult to decide what lucky flavor to spend some quality time with. If you simply cannot choose you'll be happy to know you can get a tasting flight of four different flavors of their ice cream! Oh yes, we thought wine flights were fabulous...but an ice cream flight? Heavenly!  We will be coming back here many, many times...They have special flavors each month and then a whole bunch of flavors they have all the time.  For St. Patrick's Day they had a Guinness flavor (I wasn't bold enough to go that route) and Irish Cream, which is what I opted for.  Hubby had double chocolate peanut butter and our friend stuck with the tried and true chocolate.  Each was so very scrumptious!Their ice cream texture is very smooth and creamy, but not as heavy as a custard-style.  The staff consisted of teenagers who were actually helpful, upbeat and friendly.  They have some benches outside and they are conveniently located next to a nice little park with additional tables & seating.  My husband joked if we lived in the condos across the street I'd install a zip line directly to Capannari's. ;-)
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,5/6/2012,45,60,4,5,4>I grew up eatting lots of Thai food.... Of course, Mom cooked it the best!!  But since moving to this area, I've been on the look out for a place that I could go to... to get my thai food fix I've been craving for.... I am picky... and I don't want to settle for just "fast food thai food".  I wanted originality... I wanted flavors... spices... I wanted to eat my meal and say "wow, we are coming back here, and its close to where we live."Well, I want to say... I think I've found the spot for when i need a little Thai in me.  Went here with my husband.  We had driven by this place several times.  It is located by a Currency Exchange... in a small mall like area with a Jewel Grocery store nearby.  There is really nothing on the outside... that would catch your eyes (besides the sign that says Thai House) if you just drove by... you would miss it.  We went here late Saturday afternoon, close to dinner time.  As we walked in, we were greeted and seated right away.  The place was pretty empty...  We were seated by the window... which I want to say, they have fabulous shell window blinds... and the place actually looked very clean.  We ordered 6 items:  mini eggrolls, salad rolls, a beef salad, and Tom Yum Soup, fried red snapper and a noodle dish.  I can't remember if it was a Drunken noodles... or a crazy noodles... The mini eggrolls were small and cute.  It was filled with chopped shrimp.  The Salad rolls had shrimp, noodles, and basil leaves.  The sauce for the rolls were yummy.  Much better then some place I've gone to.Then our beef salad and soup came.  The presentation looked awesome...  The hubby is more of a meat eater... so I was quite happy that he was enjoying this beef salad.   The soup was amazing.  It really hit home for me... cus the spices were all there for me.  We actually asked for it to have a medium heat too... and I was very happy  with it.  Cus I need that kick especially in Thai food.  Our Red snapper and noodle came out last, but in a timely manner.  The fish looked absolutely amazing... and tasted great too!!  You can't really find whole fish, fried this way anymore... so we were pretty satisfied with the presentation.  I also thought the noodles would be your typical... stir fried noodles with whatever meat you wanted.  But to my surprise, the noodles were delicious.  It was a flat thick noodle... that was fried with a lil bit crisp but soft too.  I was in Thai heaven for an hour... while we were there...I'm excited for our next visit... I want to try some more stuff on their menu.  So...the questions is...  do i go here again?  Of course... very soon too.  I also read alot of stuff about old owners, and new owners... and I have no idea if these are new or old owners.  But I want to say, they were very nice and friendly.  And whether the old place was better or not... I like it the way it is now.  They have their own... Originality style.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,5/5/2012,191,452,4,10,5>Decided to check out a toda madre on their opening night this week.  I love the scene.  From the outside the restaurant seems to be housed in an old suburban home built in the 70s.  (Similar to it's sister restaurant, Bien Trucha).  A friend that we were meeting for dinner even passed up the restaurant because of the deceiving curb view.  But inside, they've constructed such a warm and inviting space with white subway tiled backsplash at the bar, cool aqua green countertops, and soft low wooden tables.  This is definitely an intimate setting where diners can't be afraid of rubbing elbows with each other.  Bonus:  purse hooks at the bar.A toda madre in Spanish is slang for "totally awesome," and I'd have to agree.  Their small Mexican plates are simply rad.  Plates run from $5-11 and are each enough to be shared by three people at most.  Some favorites:PAPAS.  So good that we ate two orders!  These fried potatoes are dressed with a cilantro serrano aioli to give the perfect yet subtle kick.PULPO.  This cold plate of baby octopus, greens, radish, snow peas, serrano, pistachios, grilled green onion with lemon vinaigrette was delish!CHILE RELLENO.   Stuffed poblano pepper with goat cheese, chihuahua fresco, roasted tomato sauce, cream fresca.Drinks here somewhat fell flat.  I tried the Las Hadas ($9), enticed by the grilled pineapple garnish and rum. but the pineapple was dried out and the rum overpowered the other components of the drink.  My friend also tried the Sexy Mamiche ($9) which was basically beer with carrot juice.  Not a good combo.Beware this is not a restaurant made for groups for two reasons: 1) it's a very small space 2) a 30% gratuity is added to groups of 6 or more.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,5/4/2012,15,114,7,6,5>This place was really good. I really loved that they had the tandoori chicken skewers. Fabulous idea, considering I always want tandoori chicken, but the half/whole chicken is just too much. Between the two of us we ordered the skewers, the chicken momo (meh, would not order again), the paneer makhani, chicken tikka masala, and two orders of plain naan, with PLENTY of leftover (yayyy!!). The food was overall delicious, except for the chicken momo - its not that it wasn't good, it was just whatever. We also had the tango mango martini which is soo good. It is like a mango lassi with the perfect amount of alcohol. Service was great, although considering the number of plates we had on our table, space seemed kind of small. It was a two person table, though it seemed like a four person table might have been more fitting.They also weren't super busy, which resulted in them bringing out our main course too soon after our appetizers, so literally while I had food in my mouth, the waitress had to take away my tiny appetizer plates (i finished what was on it so it was empty) to make room for the main course plate. There was one other couple there and two small families on a Sunday evening around 7pm, for some reason I was expecting more people.I REALLY loved the ambiance and simple decor. I loved the tapestries and minimal indian inspired art. Usually indian restaurants are heavily themed and it's too much. This was perfect. The fireplace in the middle was amazing, I love to bask in the heat and it was the perfect amount from where I was sitting.Will definitely come back here!The only huge CON and I hope someone is reading this is that their Website Has All Their Text Like This, It Is As Though They Do Not Understand Simple Grammar Rules And They Literally Capitalize Every Word In A Sentence, Making Things Very Difficult To Read, Please Just Capitalize Only The First Word of Every Sentence, This Is Not The Bible, And Every Word Is Not God. And also they don't list days/hours of their buffet which would be EXTREMELY beneficial.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,5/3/2012,176,176,5,9,6>A friend and I went to the Roundhouse to catch a band that was playing. I suggested doing dinner first and then heading over to the pub for the band. Saturday night.... the restaurant had a long wait time, so we opted for dining in the pub, which had a separate menu from the restaurant.I ordered a half muffaletta with chips and, man, this half sandwich was huge! A full size would be about the size of an entire round plate, so my server recommended a half or quarter order. The flavor was okay, maybe not the best I've ever had but good enough. My friend had a special of the night-- some kind of calzone. Again, the calzone was pretty big. It looked nicely made and baked. My friend said it was very good. Service was kind of slow, but it appeared there were only a few servers for the whole pub.But the main draw for us that night was the band. Pretty good venue for a band. Corner stage next to the bar and two levels of seating at pub tables. Sound was good and lighting  decent. There was standing room only along the inner windows of the Roundhouse. If you've never been to the Roundhouse, or even if you have, you'll need to note that finding your way out of the parking may be more of a chore than one would think. First time I was there, I ended up driving round about the lot and into a bus lane. Thankfully, no other vehicles were around and I made it out, albeit not the correct way. Second time my friend was driving and we ended up driving around the parking lot of an adjacent hotel building until we found our way out. I believe the exit is parallel to the Metra train tracks on the southeast end of the parking lot. Exit is to the south (behind the hotel) on to Spring Street. Then you can turn right and make another right on to Route 25.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,5/2/2012,19,204,4,9,5>We went here 8:30 on Saturday night, pleasantly seated right away!  Had a nice little chat with a man who I can only assume is Mr. Benjamin on the way to our table in the loft area of the restaurant.SUPER GLAD WE GOT TO SIT IN THE LOFT!   Right  by the piano and super romantic yet comfy seating.The pretzels, as others have alluded to, were amazing.  What a great idea....  Our cheese fries got a little too burnt under the broiler...good thing the other half likes things extra crispy.  The food was pretty good.  My lamb was delish, other half's pork was super tender.I would have to say this place SHOULD have gotten 5 stars.  Only problem was our waiter:  we came with a restaurant.com coupon.  We are young and broke and love food, whattayagonnado?  Welp, Mr. Waiter gave us some sh*t about using it, trying to make us feel guilty.  We tip on the full amount, if that was his problem.  But it kind of put a damper on our mood for a little bit.  :(
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,5/1/2012,220,174,8,9,7>How can I compare the new Glenview House from the old? I can not compare. I never stepped foot in the previous establishment. What I do remember from the days of old were the crowd of softball players hanging out for an after game celebration. Now as I drive by the new Glenview House, the picnic benches have been replaced with patio tables and the whole buildings decor inside and out have been redone. The front and back patio are perfect settings for all things dining al fresco. The upstairs tables have a more reserved feel and a lounge alongside is equipped with cushy seating. The bar and downstairs tables are high backs mixed with tables and booths. The seating downstairs is first come and no reservations are taken. Wide screen televisions mount the bar and booths adding to the casual and relaxed feel. An elevator was installed for accessibility on all levels. This may be the preferred choice for some not willing to try out their balance on the stairs (depending on their alcohol levels!) Loving detail with decor was planned throughout the restaurant, even in the bathroom. The menu holds an upscale feel with down to earth bites, like kobe sliders and duck nachos. The same menu is served both upstairs and downstairs. Entrees are served until a specified time and apps are served until a later hour, until kitchen closes. I have had dinner upstairs and entertained friends at the bar downstairs and both experiences have been top stars. The food is fresh and prepped to allow a feast for the eyes as well as the belly. I had one experience with a burnt quesadilla which threw me off a bit, but no harm done. A full bar stocked and whiskey flights elevate the status of this neighborhood watering hole to a more refined feel. For me this place offers the opportunity to embellish a relationship with all things related to hops and barley. As I have mentioned in other reviews the dazzle of all things bubbling Prosecco will be my love, but beer continues to be my affair. Dizzying array of both bottle and draft are listed with the country of origin, alcohol percentage and the tasty notes of 'oak or cranberry' in the detail. Beer flights are the new man on the scene and allows one to try out different tastes and refine 'virginal' buds. My personal favs are the St. Bernadus, and the Canadian brew, Maudite, but I always turn to my blond ale, Abbey Leffe. She may just be the one I turn to in my times of a 'draft' need. She has a beautiful color rich with gold and a taste that is light and a heft in the background that allows her to hold her ground. Abbey is one that can not be pushed around. Whiskey flights and Ron Zacapa sipping rums have been proclaimed by friends to create the settings for interesting conversations. Word has it that beers with alcohol contents equal to wine and Octoberfest brews are making their way on board. Enjoy!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,4/30/2012,70,159,8,9,8>"Enzo!!!"This was my second time back in less than a week and I had already earned a nickname. I just walked in moments ago and asked Nunzio for his lunch suggestion. "Cold day", he says, "get something hot, get the stuffed pepper". I trust this man, he swayed me right last time I was here."Enzo! What are you having for lunch today?", Nunzio's wife Antonella asks me from behind the counter. "Nunzio told me to get the stuffed red pepper, I think I'll have the cream of mushroom soup for my side while I'm at it", I reply. Nunzio brought it over to my table soon enough and I paused to admire it. It was a beautiful, colorful presentation. Once again, I was pleased with the simplicity of the food. The bright red pepper in marinara was stuffed with a sumptuous mix of meat, cheese and what I can best describe as love. The couple of dishes I've had so far, the pastrami panini from my last visit to this humble stuffed pepper have been done so well. Very well.I couldn't leave without having a cup of coffee punctuated by their orange slice cookie. Their coffee is so delicious with this cookie, with the candied piece of orange rind, pith and flesh nested right in between the dough and little almond slivers. I'm thinking about it right now as I write this at 1:30 in the morning. I might need therapy soon."Vincenzo", intones Antonella, "see you soon."Most definitely.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,4/28/2012,65,108,1,6,5>I was so excited, I  almost ran into Mariano's on Opening Day! No longer will I have to make the trek to the Arlington Heights store, I can now take a quick 2 minute drive across from my work to the NEW and MUCH IMPROVED Mariano's! Yippee! Mariano's is my Favorite grocery store and who even has a favorite? But it is, because it has everything. I can't leave a trip to Mariano's without getting some delicious gelato. Yum! Not only that, but can even get some fried dough with gelato on top! SCORE!  They have a great cafe area where you can sit after getting some neapolitan pizza or some sushi from the freshly made sushi bar. Everything is affordable at Mariano's. You can't find a better produce section followed by RIGHT NOW freshly squeezed orange juice for $3.33. MMmm.. They not only have  your everyday veggies and fruits, but a ton of others that only specialty stores usually sell. You're always greeted by the more than friendly employees and offered a sample of their yummies. I don't know why anyone would shop anywhere else for groceries. Go check out their cafe, produce, floral section..whatever it might be, you'll love it. :)
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,4/27/2012,74,153,4,6,5>Another score for ethnic places in strip malls. If you get stuck in Schaumburg and need a sensible meal that isn't a themed restaurant that has been specially designed to vacuum money out of the pockets of the poor saps that get sent to conventions here, then take refuge in this authentic and delicious Japanese restaurant. Always a good sign in a sushi house to hear most of the other guests speaking Japanese. I went with the tonkatsu (breaded pork) with veggie sauce and it was excellent. My only complaint is that there is no curry option. I also sampled the gyoza, miso soup, yakisoba, and shrimp tempura. The yakisoba was amazing! Nothing creative, just the staple dishes done very well. The service was really cheerful and fast. You can tell that people like being there for work. I like being there too.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,4/26/2012,148,174,5,16,5>Hands down best tattoo shop I've ever been to.So far I've only been tattooed by Kyle and all I can say is HOLY CRAP this guy is awesome.Seriously. In every way.From start to finish the whole experience was simply great. Kyle was excellent to work with and was incredibly accommodating and really worked to make my idea come to life as best as possible.And boy did it come together. I really couldn't have possibly pictured it coming out any better which means a lot considering the personal significance.That said my next piece will be done by Brenden followed by another by Kyle.I love this shop and after one visit I can say for sure that this is the only place I'll be going for work so long as I live in the Chicago area.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,4/25/2012,298,465,4,7,6>Upon seeing a picture that Andres posted on FB of a slice of "pasta pizza" that he tried at Bigby's...I HAD to ask some details and all signs pointed towards Uncle Pete's!!  Thanks again A! =]]  So I called UP's on a snowy Friday asking all about what they could do for me in the form of a pasta pizza.  I told her that I would like a fettucini Alfredo with grilled chicken, broccoli and sauteed mushrooms stuffed (well, pan actually, but you get the idea) pizza.  And she said that they had just made the spaghetti with sausage pan pizza for the awesome guys over at Bigby's so of course they could do it for me!!  Amazing customer service, I must add!!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE places that don't tell you "no"...that's like one of my favorite things in the whole world.  Literally.  Mainly cause I don't like anyone telling me "no", but that's besides the point...I LOVE it! =]]  So I drove 45 min from VP to Addison in a snowstorm to pick up this like 7 pounds of deliciousness to find out the charge was only $27!!  A total steal BTW!  Now to the good stuff...the pasta pizza itself.  It was awesome!  Period.  If you've never tried such a thing you must call UP's and ask them to create one just for you!!  It was gooey, cheesy and had lots of chicken, broccoli and mushrooms!  We had five people here eating it and still had about 1/4 of the pizza left, if not a little more.  Run...seriously..don't walk...run to get yourself one, well, and I'm sure the run couldn't hurt since the food to follow is creamy, cheesy deliciousness!!!  HA! =]]  Thanks Uncle Pete's for making my pizza pasta dream come true!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,4/24/2012,74,97,6,9,9>Stopped by after spending a few hours at Galloping Ghost. I needed to refuel.It was a Saturday night, and I was able to get a bar stool. I love the burbs. Laura served me up an Alpha King as I looked over the menu. Food is one page and beer is another. Short and sweet. They have their wall behind the bar full of tappers of many micro brews. 2 or 3 locals, (TF, Revolution, Goose Island) I was hoping they had Zombie Dust, but no luck. Maybe next time.I ordered the Dude Abides burger. Half pound burger with cheddar and bleu cheese even though I think it was supposed to be only one cheese, but they gave me both. Pretzel bun completes it. Fresh cut fries. The way mother would make it. They don't look pretty, but they go with the burger amazingly.The beer and food here are great. You would have to go in the city to get this type of food, beer selection, but you would be waiting 2 hours to get a seat. This will be my new bar to grab a brew after work (Oak Brook). I know in Romeoville, there is no place like this.The Atmosphere is great in here. Some locals, some people just passing by or from the arcade down the street. You can easily pass this place up driving by. Pinball, pool, darts in one area of the place. Juke box where I played some Eagles hehe.....and Bob Seger. Stage in another area. Very open feel to the place.The server Laura is a doll. She loves microbrews herself as she sat on a stool after a shift change, and had a brew.I will have to visit this place after work on a weekday!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/23/2012,771,552,5,11,10>Not what I expected but the fish was DELICIOUS! Its a little shindig that has been there forever and at my tender age I finally decided it was time to go in there. A friend had recommended it last Lent season and it's too bad it took me this long to check it out.The only thing that annoyed me was that as soon as I walked in, I was asked what I wanted. Oh I'm sorry can I look at the menu first!! Gawwwdd. So I ordered the tilapia and the other two peeps I was with ordered the cod. WOW, this is some of the best "fast" food fish that I have had. All three of us were pretty impressed at the lunch portion, we were extremely full with our three pieces of fish, the coleslaw and the potato you get. Yum! This will become one of my regular spots and not just for Lent.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,4/22/2012,262,291,2,9,3>I've had take-out from here several times, but today was the first time I'd actually eaten there. I was there at lunch and didn't want a beer, but I was delighted at the interesting beer list. The most delightful thing about eating the food there rather than home is that the fried pickles are even tastier hot. They serve it with their smoky ranch dressing, which is much better than the Alabama sauce I've had with it at home. (The mustardy sauce, South Caroline, I believe, it also really good with the pickles).Their mac-n-cheese is amazing, by the way. Today I had the special, tilapia tacos. (The chalkboard outside read "taco's"; I removed the apostrophe from their board as a free favor. I don't need a thank you; it's just part of what I do to make this world a better place). The tilapia wasn't fried and it was good, although pretty flavorless. That can be a good thing--fishy fish is worse than flavorless fish, in my opinion. My main complaint was that there were some beans in the tacos, which were unexpected and only added some much-hated mushiness but no flavor.My friends had the pulled pork, which he says is consistently good, and the brisket, which my friend said was tasty but it was ridiculously tough. He said the best thing on his plate (including the mac-n-cheese) was hush puppies, so that'll be the next thing I try there.I was delighted to see carrot cake on the menu, but disappointed it was in cupcake form. However, that carrot cupcake was really freaking good.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,4/21/2012,414,227,5,9,7>Admission: we're not a gluten-free family. We try to keep our gluten intake at a moderate amount and, of course, this requires a bit of modification now and again. We stopped in to pick up a sampling of products (namely of the sweet variety) as my kids have been rather less-than-impressed with our prior GF dessert finds. Admittedly, SO many of the items include eggs (sad face!) that I wound up watching the taste tests with our three year old (she's g-button exclusive) and gauging reactions. And let me tell you, the reactions were FANTASTIC.My husband, my son (5), my daughter (4), and our "baby" (she's 2) were the tasters of all purchased treats. This system worked out beautifully as it allowed everyone just a taste but with the ability to offer up an opinion on any tasted item. Items purchased were as follows:decorated sugar cookiesdairy/soy free chocolate chip cookiesa cinnamon rolla donut (glazed)And let me tell you, my foursome loved all four items. LOVED them! (And we still have leftovers, of course, of all of the aforementioned; they're currently squaring away who gets what and when.) My daughter declared the sugar cookie to be *almost* as good as mommy's (awww! Thanks, honey! ;); my husband--a self-proclaimed "donut hater" said he loved the glazed donut beyond reason. My son, who received the adoration-of-cinnamon-rolls gene from yours truly, said he could eat a hundred cinnamon rolls. In one sitting. Preferably today.In short, my loves were all more than happy with the GF sweet treats. While they're by no means a "health food" (c'mon, it *is* a bakery, after all!), as an occasional treat? Oh.my.goodness.yes. Happy faces abound, my friends. For the first gluten-free-dessert-related-time, happy faces abound.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,4/20/2012,273,603,10,8,7>I love Graham's!!!  But I am so sad that I could cry right now...While driving home with my bag of goodies in my lap: Dark and milk chocolate covered caramel pretzels, nutty caramel pretzels and nutty chocolate toffee - the bag slid off my lap and my toffee flew to the floor of the car!  My husband was driving and pulled over so we could pick it all up. Everything was still wrapped except for my beloved toffee. Our two dogs ride in the car frequently and reminders in the form of hair are often left behind. Let me just say this...I have no shame. If I had been alone, it is alleged that I would have picked off the dog hair and put the toffee back in the bag. My husband, on the other hand, has not only shame, but also self control when it comes to the best chocolate in the world (I don't know how, but he does!). Needless to say, he discarded the two hairy pieces of toffee. :*-(I'm thinking of driving back right now and asking for more toffee...securely wrapped in a box!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,4/19/2012,127,193,9,10,7>Alright, I'm through nitpicking.  Tom & Eddie's is worth every penny, hands down.  The best service award of the day goes to Tom & Eddie's because the staff is so goshdarn stinkin' nice, and they're starting to recognize me, which is pretty dangerous territory to tread.  The WOW moment for me happened on a recent visit with my cousin and his wife.  We were waiting for his brother to show up, so we ordered for him, because he was supposedly right behind them.  Half an hour later, no brother in sight, and a plate of rapidly cooling burger bliss.Tom himself stops by, pretends to sit down and nosh on the mystery diner's dinner, and then promises to re-cook my cousin's food when he actually does show up.When he did actually show up, we told tales of his tardiness, and sold him out to Tom, so that Tom would know who was responsible for the burger redux.Thanks Tom, and thanks Cousin Pat for failing to follow directions.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,4/18/2012,93,185,6,10,4>New place!  Yay!  They said they opened 5 weeks ago so that makes it basically end of Feb/1st of March ish.  Good place, good food, service is good overall, you are made to feel welcome by "the guys" :)I just had a wisdom tooth removed and this was my first place since then, 2 days ago, so I was worried the food would be too hard to eat but my brother and I decided to go.The lady that took my order forgot to order the cheese on the italian beef and the grilled onions on my italian sausage but the guys took care of it right away and apologized a few times very sincerely.  They took care of it and brought my food back out quickly.  I wasn't charged for it so I just thought she was comping us them.  It does say cheese is 50 cents so I was like that's nice of her.  Any how, they fixed the problem and it was all good and the guys were all very welcoming. This is the only reason it's not 5 stars.  It might change to 5 stars next time I go :)My brother ordered the 9" Italian Beef w/ Cheese combo (with fries and small drink).  The drinks are fountain in a plastic cup typical of normal restaurant plastic cups so like 16oz?  We ate in so not sure what the take out size is.  He said it was great and just like Portillos EXCEPT the bread was softer which was great!  The bread at Portillo's is too hard / chewy if you ask me.  I hate fighting with my food.  He said flavors are spot on.I had the 8" "and then some" Italian Sausage with grilled onions.  Grilled red onions with the sausage made for a great flavor combo.  The flavors are excellent, a bit of spice (not spicy) and just all around good flavors.  It was mouth watering and when combined with the soft bread (remember my wisdom tooth problem), it was just excellent.  The whole thing was so easy to eat and so good I didn't even add ketchup!The fries that came with are about half the basket which is about a foot rectangle.  You get as many fries as you do sandwich size (which are huge). The fries look to be either battered or fried twice (which is the right way to make fries).  They remind me of MCD's but of way better quality.  Substantial, not powdery inside with a nice crispness on the outside (golden brown).  These things were perfect, I added salt and pepper but only to see if it would improve it, nope, there was no difference, these fries are just excellent!  I normally hate fries at most mom and pop shops cuz they are horribly done, these are excellent!They also have a machine for iced tea, sweetened, unsweetened and rasberry!  It's golden mountain?  and looks like a normal ice tea pot.  Very cool, along with fountain coke products including Barq's Root Beer.They have 4 tv's each with different things from soccor, nascar, baseball to the stock / finance on CNN.It's an order then take your receipt to the cashier place, then they call your name when your food is done.  Dump your trash in the trash can leave your basket and tray on top.  We left our cups on top too, there was no direction about what to do with those lol.  I will definitely be bringing my friends from work to this place.  It's got good food, fairly fast, and a welcoming atmosphere.Oh and the place is very nice and clean, and is very well decorated :)p.s. Their take out menu (i had to ask for one) has coupons for $1 off $10 and $2 off $20 or free pasta with $20 purchase.oh and I feel bad, I took pictures of the food and ice tea machine but not the place.. I'm a dork.  It's behind Village Tavern if yer looking for it.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,4/17/2012,79,108,12,9,5>I wanted to put 1 star to be cool, but what the funk, I'll wait for the hipsters to procreate to the area.  THIS IS the dive bar you are looking for.  To me, it seems like they have karaoke every night, and if you suck at it, you're more than welcome.. well more to the point, encouraged.  It may look like a biker bar from the outside, but it is a helluvalot of fun.  There's an enclosed smoking area in the back for all us nicotine addicts, a backyard for bags and such for warmer weather, a scratch 'n win lotto machine inside, a pool table, darts, what more could you want???  Daily specials, right- they have them.Side note:  Don't get the homemade jerky, it tastes like a dog treat (which yes, I have tried both).  You may see me here singing Queen since I'm the non-homosexual Freddy Mercury reincarnate.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,4/16/2012,104,448,9,10,7>I work close to home so my wife and I get to go out for lunch fairly often.  If I have a lot going on at work, we stick near home but the less work I have the farther we can stray.  This restaurant was semi close but brand new to us so a good combination.  And it's Italian, how wrong could you go?Not wrong at all as it turns out. We were seated right away, had terrific service and were able to enjoy a leisurely lunch in a nice looking space.  We split the Caesar salad to start.  Hail Caesar!  This is my favorite kind of salad and this one was worthy of the Emperor.  After that we split a Strudel which sounded odd to me until the waitress said, oh it's like a Calzon.  Ours had sausage, pepperoni, mushroom, green pepper and onion in it.   We finished up with coffee and lemon knot cookies, just a touch of sweet at the end.I am glad that I had never frequented the other establishments so I wasn't at all shocked and dismayed that there was, TABLE SERVICE.  Imagine that in a restaurant.  Obviously they have worked out the bugs from when they first opened as we had a flawless experience.The food was great and the best part was that my wife wasn't very hungry so I got the Lion's share of it all.  Roar.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,4/15/2012,144,959,15,16,15>When I was little, donuts were an infrequent treat.  When I was lucky enough to have one, I would stick my finger through the hole and nibble slowly around and around, making it last.  The exception to this rule was when we were at my Aunt's house in Alton, Illinois and she had donuts from Duke Bakery.  Then I would gobble them down as fast as I could in hopes of scoring another donut.  Those Alton donuts are the ones by which I judge all other donuts.Bosa Donuts are close and maybe if I had gotten here earlier in the day when they were fresher I would have gone for quantity.  I had one glazed donut and my husband had one jelly filled donut and we both liked them very much.We were in the midst of the Fox Valley Caffeine Cruise and this donut provided a good contrast to the coffee.  I would come back but I would ask them this time, why Bosa?  Bosa Nova?  Owners' names are Bob and Sandy?  Something to chew on as you twirl your donut around on your finger.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,4/14/2012,58,179,11,11,10>I find that if I buy deli meat from the store, I get over excited and over buy.  The next thing I know I have 17 pounds of salami, turkey and various cheeses.   With only two people in the house on a normal basis, it then proceeds to spoil in my fridge and I am then basically throwing money into the garbage can.  Not good for business.So, in a stroke of genius, my husband and I have started a quest to find a good cold cut sandwich in the area.  I figure this way I can just eat it all in one sitting and not have it go bad in my fridge.  See, I told you, genius. We started out at Ambrosino's.  It is a combo Italian grocery store / deli.  When we walked in, we were briefly distracted by all of the goodies in the freezer section and the various pastas on the shelves.  However, we quickly regained focus and made a bee line to the deli in the back.  After a quick survey I settled on the Italian combo and my boo thang got a meatball sub.  They were both delectable.  The bread was the perfect combination of crusty and soft.  The meats had a great salty flavor that was offset by the vinegary dressing and cool vegetables.  We also got some side salads that were pretty tasty.  My favorite was the loaded potato salad.  The macaroni salad and Greek pasta salad were also good.  The best part is that all of this deliciousness is relatively inexpensive.  The sandwiches range between $5 and $6 and the salads are about $2-$3, depending on size.  The quality is far superior to any of the sandwich chain restaurants and it will run you about the same price.  Check it out before you go and get yourself one of those "$5 foot longs".
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,4/13/2012,325,653,15,21,18>Pretty Little Things must be an acquired taste because I've been to this store three times so far and have liked it more each time. What's happened is I saw an item in the store (didn't buy it) and then couldn't get it out of my head (it was a flask)! Gosh darn it! The third time I went in they offered me a morning mimosa in honor of Black Friday. I politely declined but was delighted as if I'd accepted!Most (if not everything) in the store is handmade in the United States. A lot of items are made by people personally known by the owners (two sisters). Even though they're all handmade, the store definitely isn't a craft fair. No. The merchandise is tasteful and quality.I've seen handmade flasks (about $20), skirts (about $60), and jewelry ($20-$60). There are also wallets, candles, t-shirts, blank books, and all kinds of random items. I'd say that the merchandise is generally reasonably priced; however, there are some items that are ridiculous (e.g. a dress made out of t-shirts for over $100!).I love the layout of the store. It has merchandise on tables and stands as well as hanging from racks made of ladders. Music is often played from an iPod and credit cards are swiped through an iPad attachment. There is a table with a sewing machine and a station where jewelry is made.At least one of the sisters (I don't know which one) talks a LOT about her wares. She knows where everything came from and little antidotes about them. Somehow those stories justify some of the prices.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,4/12/2012,151,128,4,10,6>Doo doodle oooo! Doo doodle oooo! (Royal trumpets sound effect....)Everyone please rise and welcome Fireside Wood Fired Pizza!Short version: Yum to the power of infinity. We came, we saw, we feasted, we wept.Long(er) version: This place grand opened yesterday. I don't think I have ever visited a place on their very first day of business. I called during the day with a few questions and was very pleasantly assisted by a woman named Judy, who was the one that told me it was their first day. When I got home from work I called and placed my order. A build your own pizza with roasted garlic oil, mozzarella, asiago, chicken, and sundried tomatoes. I asked about the size and was told all pizzas are 12 inches. Hmm...enough to feed me and my normally ravenous husband, I asked? The woman taking my order told me they have great salads and that she loves the bruschetta. I opted for the bruschetta. I was told it would be ready in 10 minutes (score!). I got there 8 minutes later, took note of the really cute and warm decor, was greeted very nicely and went up front to pay. All of the staff was super friendly and accomodating. My order was brought out, and with that I left. (Saving the best for last here......) The food was phenomenal!! I did consider the fact that we bulit our own pizza, and if I thought it was just ok, that was probably my fault - but this was AWESOME! If a build-my-own was that good, I can't WAIT to try Fireside's own special pizzas! My husband was raving about it as well, and I think he's a little pickier than I am. And that bruschetta.....holy God. So good! She was spot on about that. So many places have bruschetta - some good, some so-so, but this was 5 star. I was glad we were at home because licking the balsamic out of the container in public would have been so uncouth. Don't pass it up! All in all our experience was wonderful and we can't wait to try it again. Pizzas, sandwiches, salads......here I go again. I REFUSE to buy a new wardrobe.......
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,4/11/2012,160,525,7,11,7>I just had to see what all the hype was about. Lucky for me a good friend of mine lives just a few minutes from here. Even when I'm not meeting up with this particular friend I will gladly make the trip back here! The staff was excellent! I can't remember the guys names but they were all perfect and I just wanted to stay with them all night! I can't even go into that much detail on the beer and wine selection because there was just so much I'm not sure where to begin. Let's just say if you aren't on cloud 9 drinking here, you suck! The food was delicious! I'm not entirely sure if the food menu changes with the beer menu? We had a 4 cheese pizza with an olive oil and garlic base. Yum! I'm dying for the chocolate covered bacon flatbread. I had no room left last night. They have a nice size bar, tables, couches, games and a great mix of people. I think the banana bread beer may be calling my name this weekend at some point. If you love wine, craft beer, good people, great food, and finally a decent place in the 'burbs, you have to check this place out!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,4/10/2012,132,76,8,17,25>Can I be honest here for a moment? No, really honest. No politically correct varnish here. I can? Good. Here goes. Have you ever been out somewhere, anywhere, and noticed a group of individuals who obviously have special needs? Maybe they are louder than you would like. Maybe their mannerisms are odd. Maybe they even exhibit (dare I say it?) inappropriate behaviors. You stare a little, right? No, no. I am sure you mean nothing by it. But you stare. Maybe even make a comment under your breath to the friend standing next to you. If this group rolls into your place of employment; maybe you pretend not to notice when one of these individuals tries to hand you a picture icon of an item he needs. Maybe you hightail it in the opposite direction when they walk down the aisle. Maybe you do all or none of these things. The truth of the matter is that *a lot* of people do this. I should know. I teach teenage boys with severe autism. We venture out into the community several times a week to practice various life skills. We, I am sad to say, see this all the time.That is, my friends, until we encountered the amazing staff at Extreme Trampoline.My boys and I (along with two other classes) rolled into Extreme Trampoline as part of our end-of-summer-school field trip. Drove over an hour to get there. Yup, you read that right, over an hour. No wussy Pump It Up bouncy castles for my boys. My boys could easily be mistaken for the defensive line of any well-ranked high school football team. We came to jump. We don't bounce. And jump we did. For the uninitiated, Extreme Trampoline is something akin to a warehouse with a sunken subfloor and a number of very sturdy individual trampolines built into the main floor (though two of us easily jumped on a single trampoline). We arrived for the earliest jump session and took an entire section of the floor for ourselves. We were assigned a staff member to keep an eye on our section and make sure we all stayed safe (every section is assigned at least one staff member). Our staff member was Ryan. And Ryan, my friends, is amazing. As the morning progressed, Extreme Trampoline filled up with several different day camp groups. Some of the other jump sections filled up. A few different groups of the day camp teens attempted to squeeze into our section and nudge our boys off their trampolines. Before any of our school staff could object, Ryan was on it. He made sure that anyone not with our group was removed from our section and then alerted all the other sections' staff that our section was off limits to anyone but our group. Even when half our boys took a break and a dozen trampolines remained empty, Ryan held fast and did not allow anyone else in our section. Let me be absolutely clear, we did not have a private section. Ryan took it upon himself to give our boys the space they needed to ensure they had the best possible time. He never stared. He never rolled his eyes. He treated all our boys like they were teenage boys. And that, my friends, is an oddity in our world. And it instantly endeared Ryan, and Extreme Trampoline to our hearts.Perhaps you are reading this review and thinking, hyperbolic much? If so, I will assume you have not had the pleasure of knowing anyone with severe special needs. But, if you are lucky enough to know any of these amazing individuals, you know exactly how huge it is to be treated...like average. Like a person. With dignity. And this is exactly what we encountered at Extreme Trampoline.Well done, Extreme Trampoline. A quadrillion stars (and a million thanks).
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,4/9/2012,45,228,1,10,6>Ok, I have to steal a little joke from my boyfriend. It goes like this:  Naf Naf.... Who's There?!  :DCorny, I know, but let me tell you who's there.  EVERYONE!  Naf Naf is the place to go for great food!  I absolutely love their lentil soup.  Forget Panera,  I go to Naf Naf for soup and a nice warm and fluffy pita sandwich stuffed with awesomeness, preferably chicken thighs!Bottom Line: Great flavors.  I love sharing Naf Naf with new people! So, what are you waiting for... GO already!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,4/8/2012,47,142,3,9,3>4.5 stars. My husband and I went to this restaurant the other night. I had won a gift card at a charity event for the Elmhurst Memorial hospital. Five stars to this restaurant for donating for the hospital! I have always wanted to go here since it is just around the corner from my house. The dining area was sent up very nice. The bread that they bring out is delicious with the olive oil that they have. The plate of olive oil has what I think was italian herbs and olive pieces on it. Yum!!I got one of the entree's on the specials menu, which was mushroom gnocchi. So delicious if you like mushrooms! It was rich and the sauce was great. I got the butternut squash soup (which came with my entree). I have never had this kind of soup before, so I didn't have a comparison, but it was very good. My husband had the steak, which he said was cooked to perfections. He though the broccoli was bland, but this guy needs a pound of cheese dumped on everything he eats. I am sure it was good. I could tell our server was pretty busy, it looked like it was just him waiting on all the tables. There was another guy there helping to clear plates, box up leftover,s and get refills. We were not in a hurry, so we were glad to take our time there. I will definitely be back to this family owned local restaurant. What a nice place to eat at in town!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,4/7/2012,32,227,1,5,5>Myself and two other colleagues had lunch here today.  All three of us had pizzas and they were really really good.I had the Rosario (Ital Sausage, Roasted Garlic and three kinds of white cheese).  Mikey-boy also had the Rosario but with no sausage and JR had the Bombola (Ital sausage, pepperoni, red/yellow peppers, red onions and mozzarella).They are fired up in a pizza oven so you get that nice semi-burnt, crispy texture on the pizzas.  The Rosario with the three cheeses make it nice and gooey.  Sausage was crumbled and the roasted garlic was perfect.  People have to remember that roasted does NOT mean you're going to scare away vampires after eating.It is a nice sweet, soft flavoring on the palate that perfectly matches the sausage.Waitstaff were very attentive and were helpful going through the specials of the day.  Since we all had pizzas it's unfair to rate the rest of the menu but we'll be definitely going back.Those of us that have been around for a long time remember this building as Jake's Pizza and then Pete & Johnny's.  This one is a winner as a replacement.  Can't wait to try the pasta dishes and maybe some starters next time.  Also might want to come at night because the extensive beer, wine and liquor list was something to behold.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,4/6/2012,38,256,5,7,4>Hmmm, really surprised that this business is not on yelp yet.  Oh!!  I know why!!  It's because this place is as authentic as it gets!!!!  Only one waitperson spoke english!!!We were heading over to try this tapas place in Berwyn, but it was closed for the holidays.  We passed this place and I was entranced by the neon crab in the window and i believe i saw the word "mariscos", which is something sea or ocean-related, right?  So, I'm sent in to be the pigeon and I asked for a menu and was met with smiles. Eventually, they figured out what I was looking for and the one server who spoke english handed me a menu.  Okay, we're in.The first thing they do is serve you some yummy fried tortillas with some shrimp ceviche and hot minced jalapenos.  With the help of our waitress, we ordered the empanadas, some Guacamole, Platillo de langostinos, Tilapia filet soup, Queso fundido with shrimp and some pineapple thing:  Piña rellena, basically a pineapple filled with shrimp, scallops, clams, and crabs with white sauce topped with broiled cheese and it has a hint of coconut flavor.  Unique!!OMG!  dinner was not cheap, but well worth it.  the langostinos were out of this world. i swear it tasted like it had some salty shrimp paste (asian) used as the marinade. but they were crazy addictive.  the pineapple thing was very rich and very tasty.  if you want authenticity, go here.  i swear i felt like i was in mexico.  the place was filled with mexican families with children and mexican couples on dates.  cool experience.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,4/5/2012,59,262,6,5,5>HIDDEN GEM ALERT! HIDDEN GEM ALERT! HIDDEN GE...ok ok, u got the alert.This location use to be a family run video store. BOY am I happy this turned into a Mediterranean grocery and carryout restaurant. The family is down to earth, humble, and very friendly. You always feel welcome walking in here. Speaking of walking in, soon as you go in, take an immediate right to the small window with a couple guys cooking behind the counter. Their menu offers some staple dishes you'd expect, but has a couple items that will surprise you. Like the XXX spicy chicken. This dish is erotic, like a porno is being filmed in your mouth. Cause it's so damn HOT! Beware if you are sensitive to heat. Their schwarma, falafel, garlic sauce, rice, and half chickens are all really good too. If your having troubles finding things like rose water, cardamom, or other hard to find items. Check the ingredients origin. If it's Turkish, Indian, etc. they'll likely have it. They also have a butcher where you can get some low-priced meat or mixes that you could use to prepare similar food to whats sold by the Carryout area. Some high impulse up front are worth grabbing too. They stay good for a couple days and are usually all really good.Don't forget to grab a drink from their cooler section. You can often find something different that will go well with your meal. Especially if your looking for something to cool down your palate. This places rocks like your Grandparents old chair.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,4/4/2012,288,304,11,13,13>I think I have finally recovered from my Restaurant Week experience. I did not go to a ton of restaurants. In fact, I only went to one but one was enough. Vie has been on my list for quite some time and Restaurant Week was the perfect opportunity to satisfy my curiosity. We were a party of four. Some of us (me) might have been eyeing the menu for weeks. When I arrived, my mind was set on one thing: FRIED CHICKEN. Yes, Vie is a Michelin star restaurant. No, I didn't want the fancy pants white fish served with a coulis of something or other. I WANT FRIED CHICKEN! Imagine my disappointment when I sat down to find that the fried chicken entrée had been changed to grilled chicken. Gasp! For a moment there, I really thought I was going to lose my shit but I calmly asked the server what the deal was. He assured me that it would not be a problem to do a fried preparation. Yes! Fried chicken all around! After the roller coaster of emotion I experienced over the fried chicken, I was ready for a drink. I wish I could remember the name of the cocktail I had. It consisted of gin and some sort of cherry liquor. I just remember that it was delicious and made me forget about the fried chicken debacle. We decided to get a couple of the special starters/sides to share. The cheese plate was presented with a goat cheese, soft blue cheese, pistachio grain bread, honey and chocolate raspberry jam. It's kind of hard to eff up a cheese plate but I will say the soft blue cheese was absolutely wonderful. We shared the egg salad with fried bread - totally delicious and the fried bread was reminiscent of a fried wonton. Ok, the restaurant week menu. I opted for the crispy pork belly starter b/c this gal loves her some pork belly. I mean, I LOOOOVE it. If I could make sweet love to pork belly all night long, I would but it'll never happen b/c I'd eat it all before I could even get to first base. What? Anyhow, the pork belly was cooked perfectly...crispy, rich with the right amount of fattiness. It was served with potatoes, sopresseta and a vinaigrette. Next up was the roasted yellow beets served with farm greens and ricotta biscuits. Simple, but so delicious. Finally, the fried chicken. I have to admit I was a little disappointed that the breast was boneless vs. a bone-in breast of chicken. It was still quite tasty but when I think of fried chicken I think of picking that sucker up with my hands and digging in. I suppose Vie is not really that kind of place. I mean, you won't find plastic bibs or wet naps on the tables. The fried breast was served over braised thigh meat, greens, au jus and the best mashed potatoes I've probably ever had. You'd think this would be the end of my review, but you'd be wrong. We still had the dessert course. The sour orange float was really tempting me but I could not pass up the warm gingerbread doughnuts. They were little bites of heaven and something I'd order again. We opted for the wine pairing - totally worth it. The moscato with dessert was damn good as was the pinot noir with the main entrée. Service here is truly stellar...as it should be. All in all, a great meal. I would not hesitate in coming back to Vie for a special night out. Who would have ever thought a Michelin star restaurant was nestled in downtown Western Springs? Definitely worth the checking out.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,4/3/2012,71,165,10,10,8>This place is like 'Cheers' for us.  My son and I love sushi and Momoya does it right.  Every single time the food is bonkers. The sashimi platters are great, as are the maki rolls, and nigiri.  I have two absolute must haves every single visit or take out order.The Spicy Tuna Maki (OMG) The Miso SoupYes I feel like those two things deserve their own lines in this review.  :-PMy husband is a big fan of the cooked dishes, particularly the veggie tempura, and the Gyo don.   Oh how I missed you during my pregnancy. The waitstaff and the Sushi-ya are so nice.  I love going here.  Usually dinner for 3 is about 50 bucks including drinks and my sons Green Tea Mochi ice cream.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,4/2/2012,122,412,5,5,5>Bleeding Heart Bakery, I love you. You are unfortunately a dangerous but delectable temptation that beckons me every time I drive past you. And I'm not even really a fan of baked goods, so that's saying a lot, I think!Traditional baked products don't do anything for me. Coffee cakes, danishes, cakes - don't make me drool. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude when it comes to dessert. As a trainer and fitness freak, I believe in indulging in moderate amounts of treats. But they had better be really good and worth the sacrifice.Well, the cake ball has changed my ways. I love their red velvet cakeballs! And it's the perfect treat - it's small enough to be a decent indulgence but large enough to satisfy you with two to three bites. And it's perfect - the cake only serves as a vehicle for the delicious frosting. Yum! This is my go to treat for a weekend evening dinner.I've brought many of their goodies to parties, friend's houses, etc. and have always gotten a warm approval! Their whoopie pies are big hits, as well as the Oaxacan brownies.And I happen to really love their tattoo cakes - I can't wait to order a cool one for Christmas! They carry gluten-free pastries as well and can specially make their cakes to accommodate any allergy. Plus the vibe inside is cool and friendly. So glad they are in the neighborhood - it's about time cool came to stodgy, conservative Elmhurst!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,4/1/2012,223,313,3,12,8>I stopped here for lunch a while a go for some pizza by the slice, thought it was good, then forgot about the place.  Well I had a lazy day off work and decided to order some delivery.  Good thing I did since I've realized how awesome the food is here!  Everything is made fresh from scratch, which includes their pizzas, pastas, calzones, wings, sandwiches, and other dinners.They're located in a tiny plaza, right next to the 53 Biesterfield exit.  It's a tiny take-out/delivery joint, but they do have a few tables (and even some outside when the weather's nicer).Their pizza by the slice is a solid lunch deal.  You get a huge slice overflowing with chewy gooey cheese.  But even better are there specialty pizzas, which are cooked in their brick oven.  You can really tell by how the thin crust is crispy throughout, which makes a huge difference.  The Margeherita pizza is very good.  A simple pie, loaded with juicy plum tomatoes, basil, olive oil, rromano cheese, and some mozzarella.  Their Calamari is excellent!  These aren't your everyday over-breaded, out of a bag, wimpy calamari.  There's are lightly breaded, seasoned, and the pieces are just plain huge!  You get a bunch of fried squid rings and a good amount of tentacley goodness.  It's very fresh, crispy on the outside and very tender inside.  Plus the marinara and tangy cocktail bbq sauce (that's what I call it) are so good.If you're in the mood for some tasty homemade pasta, they have a wide variety to choose from.  Just pick the type of pasta you want, pick one of their tasty sauces, and add some proteins if you wish.  Last time I tried some angel hair pasta with Arrabiata sauce, which was spicy goodness.  Plus the portions are huge and will definitely fill you up.I'll be ordering from here more often, especially for that kickass Calamari!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,3/31/2012,270,833,6,10,9>Yum! That word pretty much sums this place up! I've passed by here so many times going to and from work, and finally I came here. And I'm so glad I did. Egg'lectic Cafe is a very homey restaurant. Everything is decorated in farm-themed decor. I usually don't like that, but it's cute here. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We came here on our lunch break and were in a hurry, and our waitress was very accommodating. Their menu is HUGE. They have everything - omelettes, crepes, pancakes, french toast, sandwiches, burgers, salads, oatmeal, skillets, fritattas, and more. Everything is reasonably priced, and you get a lot of food for your money. For $10 I got 2 pieces of toast, a huge omelette, and hash browns. Nice. And everything was delicious! This is a must-try breakfast place!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,3/30/2012,341,162,13,14,10>Oh my holy crap..  Did anyone catch the plate number on that semi-truck that just hit me??TRX WJJThat stands for TRX With Janet Jackson, and that ish just ran me over.  I can feel every single muscle from my neck to my toes crying in pain.  I feel like I got hit by a truck and I might need to borrow some crutches.Swim suit season is rearing its ugly head around the corner and I needed to step up my routine.  Especially since I need to be on the beach every single free moment.  Starting with a vacation to the Dominican Republic... next week.  Everything still jiggles.  I want to cry.When I heard nothing but warnings and day after groans from people who have tried TRX, I knew that this is what I needed.    When Candice G asked if I wanted to go with her and a some TRX pros (Ericka A, Aimee M, and Joanne W), I didn't think twice about it.  I grabbed my gear and prepared for the beating.   The instructor, Janet is one hyper mother.. of two.  Seriously, she is most likely solid muscle.  I don't think she has the same bones or organs as me because she was doing suspension moves without breaking a sweat that I couldn't do without breaking my arm.  She is super friendly and never stopped smiling (even when she was pushing you to push a little harder.)  One hour of hanging from straps by my arms and feet in awkward and unnatural positions is the best total body workout I have had in a while. [ Note to self: Suspension Training uses own body weight.  Must lose 70% of body weight.] Some of the moves were tricky- side planks can F off- but all in all it's something I can definitely see myself doing on the regular.  The class size was small and even though I couldn't do some of the positions/movements, they were instructed well.  After a few more times I think I can nail it.  Seriously, crutches.  Anyone?
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,3/29/2012,104,319,6,8,7>Two hundy.For my 200th review, I thought long and hard...and the idea came to me...Why not write a review of a place I've been over 200 times?The Turf Room.If I found $200.00 on the street, I would hightail it to the Turf Room, which is conveniently located just off the intersection of Randall Rd. and Orchard Rd. in North Aurora.  Once I arrived, I would promptly blow all of that money drinking martinis.  Are the prices steep?  Kinda, but you get what you pay for.  I will say without any reservations, that TR offers the BEST selection of martinis out there.  Best.Some of my favorites include the Seedless (watermelon martini garnished with vodka soaked balls of watermelon?  Yes, please), the Pom a Dor (made with fresh ingredients) and the Black and White (perfect dessert martini with plenty of kick).  Although those are my standard picks, I've also tried other martinis such as the Nice Pear and Honey "Dew" Me and some of their signature cocktails such as Blueberry Mojito and Cool as a Cucumber.  Try, and you will not be disappointed.  The drinks are strong, and poured generously.  There's no collar on a martini to be found, just outstandingness filled to the tippy top of each and every glass.The staff is wonderful, from the manager Brandon to the servers (Angela is my fave).  They are always welcoming and remember us every time, they consider my bf and me regulars..although I totally don't consider myself to be one #brokegirlproblemsI also love how this place is dimly lit, it's classy and understated without being stuffy.  The food is innovative fare that you won't find at your local chain restaurants.  I've tried several items and never been disappointed.  Back in my meat eating days, the jambalaya was always a go to choice.  Rigatoni tossed in a spicy cream sauce and large chunks of sausage, peppers, and onions..oh my!!  I still steal a couple noodles whenever my bf orders it.The salmon is also fantastic and served with red pepper mashed potatoes that are drool worthy.  For a quick bite, you can't go wrong with one of their flat breads, especially during happy hour when they're $4!!  The stable standard is great but really..how could you not order the magic mushroom?  The name alone enticed me!!The stuffed eggplant is a great appetizer, perfectly cooked with plenty of chunky red sauce.  My bestie and I devoured this and the up in smoke croquettes in no time and the only thing stopping us from ordering more was the fact that we didn't want to f up our buzz.Basically, the TR is the greatest place ever, evaaa.  Go here, eat, drink, and be sure to have a Seedless martini for me!!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/28/2012,103,126,5,9,4>All the jewelry I wear now (which the exception of my wedding rings and Fossil watch), comes from this store. Seriously. I'm obsessed! I love that they have trays to shop with, so the jewelry doesn't get tangled together.  This store is well organized, by color and by type of jewelry. They have a lot of merchandise, but this helps it to not be overwhelming.Another major reason I shop here are the fabulous prices! They claim that they can keep prices low since there are no returns or refunds. Whatever the reason, I'm for it! And who would need to return a $2 pair of earrings anyways? The quality is much better than a chain mall jewelry store, and the staff is always super friendly! Also, the last time I came I could take my receipt over to Einstein's Bagels next door and receive 10% off my order! Now that's teamwork!Will keep coming back again and again!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,3/27/2012,119,299,5,12,8>The best Indian dinning experience I have had so far in the great Chicago area. Brand new modern decoration,  fast and nice services, and tasting food.Our whole family went for pre-openning charity event at Omango. It is a beautifully decorated in modern open style. Looked like either a Panera bread or Chipotle to me.  As in those places, you need to order at the counter. The cashier helped us through the ordering process. First thing I liked was that Kid-Friendly items are cleared marked on the menu. I got mango chicken with plain naan and plain dosa for kids. Vindaloo chicken with Masala for adults with garlic naan and paneer naan. And they do have the brown rice choice which I prefer.The ordering could be bit overwhelming if you are not familiar with Indian food especially you will need to make all the decision at the register.My kids absolutely loved Mango chicken, dosa, and naan. I had to ask an extra dosa for them. They did leave the lentil on the dosa plate alone. I loved my Vindaloo chicken which was spicy and tender. We didn't care much the side salad on the plate. The service was quick and very attentive. Some minor things I need to point out. The portion of the meal was just right to me but it was not enough for my husband. And they didn't have any dessert for tonight. Highly recommended if you want to try some nice Indian food. I will definitely come back for more.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/26/2012,168,718,5,8,6>I can definitely see why this place gets such high reviews--it is awesome!From the time we walked in until the time we left, we felt important, we felt tended to, and we felt full after we left (which is kinda the point lol).  But this place has all of these little special touches to make the dining experience great!It was my, my husband, my sister, and four kids who walked in here around 8:30 am on a Saturday.  They were quick to set up a table of all of the high chairs and kids menus that we needed.  They also complimented us on how cute our gaggle of kids were (they're pretty awesome if I do say so myself!).After we were set up, we got down to business perusing the menu--there was so much to look at.  We had a lot of options, and I had it narrowed down to three when our waitress came back for our orders.  I ended up ordering the veggie omelette with pancakes, my husband ordered the cinnamon swirl french toast, and my sister got the meat over's skillet.  For the kids, we were able to split one of the meals (eggs, bacon, sausage, and pancakes) among the four of them with food to spare!  And there was no "split plate charge" like some restaurants try to charge.  Total crap if you ask me!First of all, the orders came out perfectly with one small exception.  With the kids' food, we didn't think they would eat bacon, so we ordered sausage.  It came with bacon, but the waitress noticed this before it even hit the table and quickly brought us another side of sausage.  Major points for her!My omelette was standard--I liked the chunks of veggies that made an appearance.  My husband's french toast was very good, and my sister's skillet had a LOT of meat in it, and was really good tasting.  Very well-seasoned.  Oh, and their bacon was really good, and I am NOT a bacon person!There were a lot of little touches that I appreciated about this place.  Like when the waitress brought over a bunch of little plates for splitting without us having to ask.  And the refills were spot-on, too!!  Anytime our drinks got below halfway, we were offered a refill.  Something really neat, though, was they offered sugar-free jelly right on the table!I know I will be back for some great service, delicious food, and a wonderful atmosphere!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,3/25/2012,280,274,4,7,5>Montarra is an upscale Steakhouse located in a strip mall. Seven years of living in Los Angeles has helped to reduce the negative stigma of strip malls. Good thing because Montarra is a really good spot that serves a pretty tasty steak for very reasonable prices.The steaks are hand cut and trimmed---VERY useful.Ribeye Steaks possess parts that are very fatty and sinewy; not the Ribeye Steaks at Montarra. My Ribeye was a perfectly cooked tender buttery medium. Each bite from my fork provided the delicious satisfying taste of a smokey well seasoned & well-marbled piece of Prime Grade steak.Definitely would come back for that Ribeye which, when trimmed & cooked the way Montarra does it, is far better than a Filet or NY Strip.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,3/24/2012,36,52,1,4,5>To most, this is a hole in the wall kind of place but by no means is it a greasy spoon. They're actually pretty clean. Service is sufficient, no frills 'cuz really, it's about the food.The Pho served here is a contender to my Grams and that's saying a whole lot, since my Grams used to be a cook. My favorite is #26. Remember to taste the broth before adding Sriracha or Hoisin sauce 'cuz you might regret it later. The rice dishes are pretty good and the portions are right on. You'll never leave feeling like the entree didn't have enough substance. They also serve Vietnamese sandwiches and if you buy 5 you get 1 free. Even though it's not as good as Ba Le's, it sure could hold you over till you could get out to Uptown. For dessert or for whenever you have a craving, they can whip up some tasty smoothies, too.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,3/23/2012,32,137,4,11,5>After an epic journey to the Orient I thought I wouldn't be able to lay eyes (or my nose) on various Asian cuisine for a while.  I was sorely mistaken when a mere week and a half later I craved Korean and Thai food.To my stomach's delight Hutong opened recently a mere hop skip and a jump from my humble abode and to my nostalgia's delight, when I walked in I felt transported to a number of the trendy eateries in Seoul and even a hostel we stayed at in Bangkok. My heart swelled. The bright red wall with the stencil of the child eating noodles, amazing (and it was lot like stencils we saw on our trip). The lanterns strategically staggered for visual interest are just like lanterns I saw at markets all over Korea and Thailand. And I loved the adorable takeout cartoon at the entry.The menu (which is strategically placed right when you walk in) has various Asian dishes, but I opted to get a couple of appetizers (you know, just in case my taste buds weren't quite ready to jump back to Asian food yet). I ordered Bao, crab rangoon and pot stickers. Like I said I wanted to make sure I could handle even a hint of Asian food.  I really enjoyed the Bao, the crab rangoon were pretty standard but the pot stickers were a little too salty for my taste. I missed the Bibimbap on the menu, otherwise I would have gotten that instead because I did not max out on that in Korea.Anyway the food was good, not stellar, but good. The prices are fantastic and the service, ah the service, just like we experienced in Asia. Some incredibly nice and helpful people. Next time I'm craving a fast Asian bite to eat or I'm reminiscing of my trip to the Orient you can find me at Hutong.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,3/22/2012,38,95,5,8,7>My wife discovered this place a few weeks back and brought some of the bread home. It was excellent.Today, I was driving by and had to stop in there for myself to check this place out. It is a little tricky to find. It is on Rohlwing Road with the entrance just a dash north of Fullerton. It is in a multi-unit building. Kind of a strange location but what the heck, it is there,Here is my advice to all. Find it!Now I  like really good bread. I mean really good bread, not the stuff that you find in your local supermarket. This is the good stuff. If you like top quality bread at a good price then you better make it over there.The bread is just outstanding and is reasonably priced. I picked up an Italian loaf, a French loaf, and some crusty buns. All were top notch. The Italian loaf was still warm from the oven. Crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, delicious all over. Same with the others I bought.Now, I don't hand out 5 star reviews too often.  I am handing it out to this place.I am happy that I live in the area. I will be back there often.Cheers to All
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,3/21/2012,646,300,7,14,7>WOW! Is what I said with the phenomenal results. Okay let me explain in short detail.My sister-in-law backs into my mother's SUV leaving a 40" scratch starting from the rear wheel well and back to the tail light. My concern was to at least get those scratches removed so that when my father sees the damage it will deter an arguement.Let me tell you that the King Car Wash crew worked some dynamite magic. It was as if they brewed a special removable compound from a lab in back, because within15 minutes there was no trace of a scratch ever being there.The fellas showed us great compassion as I told them the story what had happen earlier. King Car Wash saved the day and in the end my father didn't even notice a thing.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,3/20/2012,35,98,5,8,5>We found this place via a coupon we had seen in a mail insert/newspaper, and really if there's a coupon we will try it out. Plus I love Irish pubs so win win! This place is tucked away in a small strip mall behind CVS. It look a little creepy at night...or maybe that's just me. It's definitely a small place, a lot smaller than expected! It's very cozy like a true Irish pub so that was cute. It was a Saturday night and the place was full but not exactly lively if that makes sense. I'd say this is a pub geared toward the over 30 crowd, although there was a table of younger children with their parents, I would say I was the youngest one there otherwise. My husband actually pointed this out to me, and he never notices anything. We found a table on the side and sat down and we were immediately greeted by a nice bearded man. Apparently there are 2 bearded men, and I got them confused. At least they were both nice. Sooo on to the food! The menu is full of Irish favorites, a lot of meat and bacon items.  There wasn't a lot of choices for a pollotarian like me but I knew what I was going for anyways. Fish and Chips, I truly believe a good judge of Irish fare starts at the ol F&C. We didn't have any high hopes for this small pub but hey coupon! We were shocked at how good the food was! No really, like super good. The fish was perfect not soggy and didn't taste like it came from a freezer. The fries, omg the fires were amazing. They had a nice rosemary seasoning to them, which if I get anything other than your standard fries I am usually pleasantly surprised. A+! I also saw lots of burgers go by while sitting there, and they were pretty big, and dare I say delicious looking. So if you are the carnivore type I would definitely say try that out! We left full and happy and with some extra cash thanks to the coupon. We will definitely be back to enjoy a low key evening with some good Irish grub.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,3/18/2012,283,456,10,14,11>I have been here twice. Both times for dinner and both times kinda last minute. The service is so cute. Like an old, sweet dog. They have table side service. Almost everything is served to you via a rolling cart. Servers wear very classic, banquet type uniforms and they all have obviously been working here for-ev-er!! The atmosphere is totally old world Italian dated mid-60's I would guess. I can almost picture the crowds of people chain smoking, drinking and eating humongous steaks throughout this place with a line out the door. All before I was even a twinkle in my daddy's eye.I am pretty pathetic...I ordered their french dip on my first trip in and because it was quite possibly the most amazingly, fantastically, delicious sandwich I have ever had the pleasure of consuming, I ordered it on my second trip too. The only problem, that really isn't a problem, is that sandwiches do not come with the salad, so I have to add one for like $4. Couldn't care less what a salad costs, the lettuce isn't anything remotely special. It's their HOME MADE DRESSINGS they make in house. Oh, the dressing...I think we may have to go tonight....The creamy garlic is so garlicy and delectable and stupendous. I am impressed that they do not have a store front where they can sell this stuff. I would buy it and I'm sure I'm not the only one.They also make two other dressings. I have tasted each and they are good, but they are not the creamy garlic by any means. I believe that one is a French and I'm not sure about the other one.Getting refills on drinks is kinda a trick. But what do I want? Giant plastic tumblers that cheapen the place up, or glasses that make me feel like a grown up? I'll take the small bar glasses and make sure to order a glass of water too.The au jus is something that I feel like I could drink out of one of those giant tumblers....it's so good. The baked potatoes are probably the most popular potato option I see being served but like I said, table side service...they do not cut into it until at your table to ensure it's steaming hot when you put that butter on it. Yummmmmm.I'm pretty sure I was under dressed on our last trip, but no one asked me to leave, so I'm not too concerned. I feel like I can wear jeans, but should leave the tennis shoes at home.After dinner, the next time we go, I wanna sit in the bar and have a cocktail. It looks like a good time in there!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,3/17/2012,82,199,5,9,6>So glad I finally got off of my butt and came in to check Viceroy of India out. I've always wanted to come in (I drive past this place at least 3 times/week) but never have. Finally I made my way out this weekend to try their lunch buffet with my little cousin and we have decided to officially put it in to our hangout-meal-rotation.First of all, I have seriously never seen an Indian buffet with so many options. That was cool because I generally go to Sher-e-Punjab in Downers Grove, and, while I looove their food, the menu doesn't change. So I'm eating the same things every time I go in and the excitement of trying something new is lost. Viceroy had some of the old buffet classics but also some new things I hadn't tried before- like these green bean things (I have absolutely no idea what they were but they were SO GOOD).Second of all, the samosas here were probably some of the the best I've had. I don't know what it was but when I ate them it felt like everything was okay in the world. I think maybe it's because the potatoes were blended/mashed really well; the texture was delightful. They also vegetable pakora- something I've never seen on a buffet. Soooo yummy. They had two kinds, I think? I don't know if you can have different kinds of pakora, so maybe I had pakora and something else, but the one with onions in it was bomb. What else did we eat? Hmm... I tried the green beans, samosas, naan, dahl, rice, pakora, dosa and chickpeas of some kind. Everything I had was awesome and I had seconds of it all. My little cousin had more of the same but as a meat eater, she additionally sampled some lamb and chicken. She loved the lamb and I believe got seconds of it. If you can please a 13 year old with lamb, either she's an awesome eater or you have awesome food. Most likely some combination of the two.Finally, the service was great. They were packed and though it's easy to get lost in the shuffle of a crazy lunch rush, every table (including ours) was well taken care of. I'm pretty sure I saw the manager stop at every single table to check on everyone's meals and introduce himself.Back to the green beans. Those green beans were awesome. If you take one thing away from this review it's to eat the yummy lunch buffet green beans. I told everyone at work about the green beans. I must learn what they were and how to make them.Since I'm great at running on and making things longer than they need to be: one final note, this place definitely has more mild food on the spice level factor. So it's a great place to recommend for people who haven't had Indian food before, don't like spice, or when taking friends who like different heat levels. The only reason I didn't take cousin's sister, other cousin, was because other cousin doesn't like anything spicy. I mean, for reals, the girl thinks mild salsa is too spicy. But, I think I can definitely bring her here in the future and she'll get along just fine with the buffet offerings.Oh, and did I mention the green beans were awesome?
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,3/16/2012,93,61,4,5,4>This place is in my top 3 for favorite craft beer hangouts. The Bavarian Lodge has a GREAT beer selection, everything from aged European ales to your favorite American craft beers. This place has beer to make any taste bud happy.. To top things off, they often have a " Tap Takeover " where they invite in a special brewer and present their entire line occupying their 36 taps in their bar.Their food selection is right up there with their beer selection. Their fine European flare is sure to fill you up no matter how hungry you are. I for one love weinerschnitzel and sour kraut and this place has some of the best! Their dining room can accommodate large groups and is extremely kid friendly. Their service is top notch and the servers are fluent in their food and beer descriptions. This is a huge plus in my book!Be sure to hit this Lisle gem as you will not be disappointed!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,3/15/2012,63,74,11,13,8>I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food is here, and to top it off it's brought to you on a train! I think I was was more thrilled by the train and the whole cool diner experience than my kids, grinning like it was my birthday and I was 5 the whole time.You know? Screw the young ones! Go here because you, as an adult who deserves a freaking break in this world, want old school basic diner food done from scratch the right way.  They only take cash, so bring enough to drop the pedal to the floor. Because when you go here, you need to try everything. Look at their online menu so you know what prices to expect.Their burgers here  are a serious contender to Paradise Pup. They are really that good. My wife, who almost never orders burgers, exclaimed that it was the best she'd ever had. The waitress told us that the beef was fresh and never frozen. Another reason they are so tasty, I believe, is that they use a decades old seasoned flat top grill, which sears the loosely formed patty quickly, sealing in the juices. The crisp exterior is something to write home about. And go old school and get it with cheese and raw onion, cause the balance of onion acidity with savory crisp meat and creamy cheese is real artistry.The fries were crisp and delicious, as were the hand made onion rings. The malted chocolate shake was the most flavorful and best I've had in a couple decades. If they ask you if you want whipped cream on top, shout "Heck yeah!" because it's the real thing. Real whipped cream, not that factory stuff made out of petroleum or artificial guar gum. Those massive cream molecules will undoubtedly race straight to your arteries as the malted sugar high revs your brain to 11, but it's worth it now and then right? You freaking deserve this, the shit you put up with.If you have room for desert, or even if you don't. Get the apple pie, because it's the perfect blend of flaky crust and sweet sour apples and brown sugar carmelization. And get it with their premium a la mode ice cream, because you deserve it. You really do. The shit you put up with.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,3/14/2012,33,144,6,9,6>I love places that managed to hide something special in a non-descript sort of place.Hala Kahiki really doesn't look like much, just sort of lying there on a fairly blah stretch of River Rd.  Heck, I've probably driven past it myself and never even had it register.But it's definitely a place of which you should take note.  It's just a delightful bit of escapism.  Cheesiness done completely right.  To step into its thatch and teak covered walls is to be transported out of a cold Chicago night and into the South Pacific or at least into Adventureland.  The decor is really spectacular.  There isn't just a vague Polynesian feel to Hala Kahiki.  It really allows you to forget you're inside of a midwestern house turned bar and gives off the illusion that this really is an elaborate longhouse in Samoa or something.  It's cartoony, but that's the charm.The overall feel of the bar is one of the nicer ones I've been to, too.  It's quiet, even when crowded as the other patrons all seem to be a respectful pleasant bunch, who aren't there to get plastered and rowdy. It's nice to know there's a place around where one can drink without being bothered by the ignorant actions of others.As for the drinks themselves, basically they're sweet and rum based.  You aren't coming here for the beer or wine lists. It's for creative, fruity, mixed drinks that just further the whole "not in Chicago anymore" atmosphere.  They're extremely tasty and dangerous because they don't taste like alcohol so they're a little too easy to drink too fast.  So come to Hala Kahiki with a limit in mind and you'll be fine.The service is solid, if not spectacular, and I'd like more food options than just the complimentary pretzels, but it's a place that's doing what works so who am I to judge?Overall, it's a fun place.  A cool little retreat in the near western suburbs that will take you away from everything if only for a few hours.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,3/13/2012,304,479,9,6,10>How can you complain about a place that saved you from a tornado?  I'm not even kidding you.Allow me to set the stage... Chrissy W. and I had just left our fabulous sex & the city-esque dinner at Capital Grille not too far from Sal's when the sky started to turn dark and the wind began to pick up.  By the time we were out of the Yorktown parking lot, it was pitch-black outside and pouring, and the street lights all shorted.  Then, the tornado sirens began. (turns out there was a touch-down in Downers that night)  I thought she was going to rip the center console out of my car.  I floored it.  She told me to head for Sal's.We arrived, in one piece, and promptly got her a drink.  The place was empty that day, but they saved us from imminent doom.  For that, we love you, Sal's!The fact that I'm rarely in there (once a quarter, maybe?) but the waiter still remembers me and my drink, is points.Karaoke is fun.  The food is decent.But they saved me from a freakin' tornado.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,3/12/2012,157,219,8,9,7>I'm reading through Yelp reviews. I stumble upon Kimmer's, just a hop, skip, and a jump from work. Mmm... Ice Cream.What's that, you say? Kimmer puts cheese in ice cream? This, I GOTTA see. 5 minutes later I'm strolling, no running, to Kimmer's to see what they've got in store for me. No disappointment, to my relief. Ricotta cheese and fig ice cream. Um, yes please. I'll have a gallon of it...*looks at waistline*...I'll have a scoop of that. Kimmer, herself was there smiling and greeted me at the door, and the friendly/helpful guy behind the counter hooked me up with my delicate cheese, err, cheesy ice cream. (Freudian slip anyone?)The ice cream itself was delightful. Decadent and delicious. I really can't wait to walk in one day for the blue cheese or goat cheese...Mmmmm. Cold weather be damned, maybe I'll stop at Kimmer's today.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,3/11/2012,2184,1339,6,9,9>Hollywood Palms is my new favorite theater! I got free tickets from Gofobo to see The Woman in Black. Sadly, when we got there, it was all filled up. The theater then let us see any other movie we liked for free! Gofobo usually just tells you too bad, so sad when it fills up but this theater was so nice to let us see a different movie! We ended up watching Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close which was a mediocre tearjerker but on to the actual theater!Tickets are cheaper here ($8) than they are at AMC theaters and you get much more for your experience! You are required to buy at least one item per person though. The theater itself is super cool! I felt like I was at Universal Studios with all of the props, palm trees and the entire feel of the place. It really feels like you're transported somewhere else for a couple of hours. Even in the actual theater itself, it is very cool, with huge paintings and giant statues around the screen. I LOVE IT! The chairs here are rolling black faux leather computer chairs...I have an identical one at home. Some may find this annoying but I felt it was very comfortable and nice to roll a bit to find comfy positions. You get a table in front of you which is nice & convenient. For the one drink minimum my friend and I just went with a lemonade & a diet coke - so don't feel as if you have to get liquor or food items. The lemonade was delicious, tasted better than your run of the mill lemonade! Our waitress was very nice, creeping around in the dark without being disturbing but making sure we didn't want anything else. They have a really large menu with super cute movie related names & descriptions and I'm excited to try some of the food.+1 Service+1 Food & Drinks+1 Decor+1 They let us see any movie we wanted! No other theater has every done that for the GoFoBo rejects!I'll be back shortly and be able to update my review with food information! This was the best movie watching experience I've had in quite some time!Update 3/11: The theater has a fishbowl which you can drop your business card to win up to 8 free movie tickets Andddddd guess who won!? This girl. I went this past Thursday to watch The Lorax with a group of friends and had another great experience. This time we all had food and I was surprised the food was just delicious! Rat Pack Martinis are on special for $5 (normally $9) on Thursday, so I tried the Old Blue Eyes Martini. It has Svedka Vodka with Blue Curacao & a splash of lemonade. I'm happy to say they didn't skimp on the liquor, I really enjoyed the drink. For dinner I had the Super Chicken and LOVED it! Lemon herb marinated chicken with cheddar & monterrey cheeses between two slices of garlic bread. It came with a little tub of mayo & ketchup which made me happy to have those on the side. Portions here are huge, plus the fries the meal comes with is nomnomnomz. Every theater has a different theme and I've been in the Wizard of Oz theater twice now. It's very cool & creepy at the same time with flying monkeys. I HEART HOLLYWOOD PALMS.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,3/10/2012,78,284,4,5,7>I am head over heels for this place. However, I'm going to tell you right now that you WILL have trouble finding this place if you've never been here. It's located in an industrial park, right next to some factory. There is no sign outside so you'll probably get here, look around, not see anything, and think you've made a wrong turn somewhere. Fear not! You have arrived to beer heaven! Just park somewhere on the street and walk up to the grey building. Once you get to the door, there's a sign printed from a computer that tells you you're at Two Bros. Yup. This is it.Never judge a book by it's cover. Once you walk inside, you'll be surprised that it's an actual restaurant. There's a gift store on the left upon walking in where you can get t-shirts with the beer names on them and brew kits so you can make your own at home.Let's talk first about why you came here. The beer. There's something for everyone, unless you want light beer. Sorry, just delicious craft beer made at the very location you're at. My favorite year-round beer is Domaine DuPage. My favorite Two Bros beer is Hop Juice. OMG. It's an IPA which I'm not fond of, but somehow, they make it not taste like an IPA, if that makes sense. It's only in the summer but it's so worth the wait. They also make a bunch of seasonal beers, and some special batches that are available in limited quantities. They only make a few batches of some things, so if you don't get it when it comes out, it's gone. Kind of sucks, but it also makes it special.You would probably come here for the beer and think, meh the food is probably just regular bar fare. How wrong you are. The food is the next best reason to come here. They seem to always be adding new menu items too, but they keep what's good. They have a bratwurst cooked in their own beer. You can taste it when you eat it and its scrumptious. Their burgers are really good too. Definitely have some other things I want to try.If you have time on the weekend, I highly recommend doing a brewery tour. It's free and you can bring a beer with you as your tour the small brewery. The funny thing about it is the place used to be a gymnastics academy at one point. How do I know? Because they didn't bother to paint the walls or take down the "all you can be" signs and gymnastics logos. Anyway, after the tour, you get a couple tickets that you can use to trade in for samples of beer. Youngins are also welcome on the tour. Why not take them and show them something they can't legally have for another 10 years. They can trade in their tickets for some apple cider, which apparently is really good.Still with me? Cool. GO HERE! You will not regret it.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,3/9/2012,83,41,7,9,6>I broke up with Chipotle today.So...as soon as you walk in, it smells delicious. And then it gets better.The menus are placed on the wall where the line forms for the cashier, and the options are plentiful. I went with a grilled chicken burrito, my lady went with steak, and we got some churros. We were pretty excited because they have Horchata as a drink option. Have you ever had good Horchata? Then you know why we were excited.The price tag was a bit bigger than expected, about $25, but it was all worth it.The Horchata, while not the -best- I've had (I have Mexican family...I've had the good stuff), was certainly the best I've had in a restaurant. We took our seats, and a waiter showed up, wiped off the table and brought us chips and salsa. Already it was shaping up to be a great visit. The food got there, and let me describe this burrito to you...imagine the Chipotle burrito, filled with beans, delicious -fresh- lettuce, a healthy helping of cheese, and some of the best ... BEST... grilled chicken I've ever had.Best. Burrito. Ever. And I don't even like lettuce on my burritos.I found myself devouring the burrito with an uncanny inability to stop. At Chipotle about 3/4 of the way through the burrito, it just becomes a thing to finish doing, with this place...I wanted another one after I was done.Then the churros got there, AND THEY WERE SERVED WITH CARAMEL. D. E. LICIOUS! I mean...It was the next best thing to...well...it was great is what I'm saying.We went here because the place we originally planned on going to was understaffed and too busy...and we had a coupon for there. We payed more than we would have at the other place, but...it was 100% worth it. Hands down.You should go. You should go -out of your way- to go.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,3/8/2012,38,102,3,4,4>Yummy!!! I live right by here and only came to this location a month or so ago... since then I am constantly craving their red velvet donut!  Nothing makes me happier than browsing a bakery stocked full of sugary goodness to fill my belly with.  In fact I'm pretty sure that eventually Deerfield will be solely responsible for pushing me over the edge into full-blown diabetes.  I have loved every precious tidbit I've purchase here, including the lemon mousse cup.  Yes, I agree, it's ridiculous that anyone would even think to make a dessert with lemon, but it was the only one left in the case and the chocolate cup was perfectly shaped like a tulip so I had to have it - and I was still delighted!The first time I went was closer to the summer and they had these cakes that looked like gigantic hamburgers with FUDGE filling!  I am still kicking myself for not getting one, although maybe I'll console myself with a smaller personal treat... or two... or three.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,3/7/2012,24,498,6,7,5>I'm rarely impressed but this place really amazed me: simple atmosphere, cool staff that really takes the time to explain the menu, makes recommendations and explains the best way to eat the dishes for a heighten experience.  Most of all, the flavors and quality of the food are just amazing. If you can, grab a friend and share the Bo Ssam (chargrilled pork belly). You really won't regret it. And by all means if you brought your appetite, make sure you get the homemade dumplings or the seafood scallions pancake as appetizers, they were also awesome.At first glance the menu may appear limited, but the quality of the dishes will keep you coming back. Show up early, this place is building a good reputation quite fast and it's getting packed. BYOB so if you plan to have a drink, plan that part a bit ahead or you'll have to walk over to the Jewel across the street.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,3/6/2012,45,72,6,8,6>Deer Grove is a forest preserve for all seasons and my little escape from the normal hustle of life - cars, cell phones, TV, etc.On the plus side:Beautiful trails, tons of deer, some peace & quiet, two super nice sledding hills, the lake in the middle, the leaves in Fall, decent biking trails, and fun longboarding roads!I love to go to the the far west side where the creek is meandering, I think it is the most beautiful part of the preserve and you are left mildly secluded.  Once you get far enough into the forest the sounds of the surrounding cites slowly fade away and you are left with a peaceful place you walk, run, bike or whatever it is you like to do.  The name says it all, there are deer everywhere!  I think after going to Deer Grove for the past 4 years, a countless number of  times, there is a 50/50 chance of seeing a deer especially in the morning or at dust.  The two super nice sledding hills are fun and well groomed - the big one further in the preserve (almost at the end of the road) is way faster.  They have hay bails at the end to stop you from going into the lake but most people stop before they get there.  However, with a big-ol-running push you can get your friend all the way to the end with enough force to flip over them!  The lake is nice year round but is very peaceful in early spring.  The Spring Peepers (a small frog with a big voice) make a great background noise for your saunters through the forest.  The Fall leaves are amazing here, since the forest is dense at times when the leaves change color you can see a wide variety of beauty.  The roads are hilly enough to ride a longboard but since you are in the forest be ready for fallen sticks, rocks on the road, wet spots - just about anything - so wear a helmet!  The biking trails are nice if you want to go for a Sunday cruise but ... well I will finish that in a little bit.  On the negative side:Closed mountain biking trails!I understand that Deer Grove is at the bottom of the city and that water pools and is stays wet for days and that the trails would be destroyed if/when mountain bikers ride them when it is wet.  However, why not have some designated mountain biking trails or try to get people to not ride them when they are wet, maybe a sign - "Please ONLY Ride Trials When The Ground is Bone Dry (Otherwise we will have to close the trails again and we know you don't want that)-DGFP"Overall there are so many positives it has me coming back again and again, but with a few more open bike trails they were get the fifth star!  It is a very great place for an escape to nature, a walk, and a great day!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,3/5/2012,49,155,6,8,6>Thank you, Spunky Dunkers, for saving me from large doughnut chains. I hate you a little bit because sometimes I'm forced to settle when I'm not in Palatine, but I can forgive you.I can honestly say I've never had a Spunky Dunkers doughnut I did not like. What's super awesome is that certain varieties are available upon request (maple-glazed, I'm looking at you!) and they're super friendly and pleasant to deal with even before your morning java. HIGHLY recommend if you're in the area. You will not be disappointed, but you might get pissed at them for forcing you to raise your doughnut standards.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,3/4/2012,255,326,4,7,6>If you live anywhere close to the Park Ridge Farmer's Market and have been purchasing frozen corn from the grocery store, cease and desist! Immediately! The PRFM has what may be the best corn I've ever tasted. We bought some on Saturday morning to grill for dinner that night. I didn't even need to put anything on it, because it was so moist and flavorful.I also bought some blueberries, which beat the pants off any grocery store berries I've had, including Trader Joe's and Whole Foods (let's not talk about Jewel and Dominick's produce here--that's bush league stuff). Why? Because they aren't pre-packed and left to sit on a shelf all week. The berries I bought were picked on Friday, then put by hand into an unwrapped container on Saturday, the same day I bought them. You know those gross, mushy berries that hang out in the middle of the carton and sometimes mold, spoiling the whole carton before you can eat it all? I didn't have any of those in my carton from the PRFM. Why? Because somebody had *just put the berries in the carton,* and if they saw a gross berry, they didn't put it in there. Only today, three days after purchase, do I detect any signs of mush, and that doesn't really matter because I finished off the carton with breakfast. I *never* get to finish cartons of berries, because some mushy-to-moldy stowaways always ruin the carton before I can get through it. I guess I've just been buying them from the wrong place.Another perk: many of the people working here can answer questions about the produce and other products. They know because they grew/packed/baked the stuff. They can also make recommendations for you if you tell them how you're going to use the item. For example, when I told the mushroom lady that I planned to grill the portobello mushrooms, she dug around her mushroom treasure chest and found me some mushrooms of what she considers the ideal size and thickness for grilling.  She also recommended herbs for the preparation (also available at the PRFM).A lot of people seem to think farmer's markets are pricey, but I don't think it's that bad. The prices ranged from a little less than what I would pay at Jewel to about what I'd pay at Whole Foods, depending on the item. There were also some booths selling the same items from different farmers and at different prices, so you could shop around to find the best prices on many items. Plus, they have items here that you just don't see at the store, like currants. I don't even know if the currants were priced well, because I've simply never found them in a store. Plus, most of it is organic, and I am comparing the prices to the non-organic produce at Jewel or Dominick's. There are, of course, a few ways the PRFM could improve. First, the parking is confusing. There's a lot nearby that says, "AT&T parking only! All others will be towed!" We therefore parked in a metered space next to the lot. On the way back to the car, I saw a ton of people who had not been towed loading veggies into their vehicles. I think maybe a sign or two letting people know they can park in that lot and don't have to do laps waiting for a metered space to open up would be nice. Also, I know it's not as big, but in my head I compare it to the farmer's market in Daley Plaza. To me, it is the holy grail of farmer's markets. Since Park Ridge is of course much smaller than Chicago, it isn't really fair for me to compare the two, but I can't help it. Of course, since I live so close to the PRFM but not close to Daley Plaza, my greens wouldn't wilt on the trip home (if the PRFM has greens sometime I go, that is). Somewhat balancing that is the amount of dogs at the PRFM that aren't at the DPFM. Sooo many cute dogs!Also of note: there's an old guy hand-sharpening knives and scissors in a lot just next to the market. I don't know how often he's there or if he's officially part of the market, but it's pretty cool watching him sit at his old-school contraption and do it. I might bring my dull pruning shears next time and see if he does gardening implements, too.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,3/3/2012,65,630,7,13,9>I love breakfast food. I love food in general. I love coupons via email. I love you. Just kidding. Actually, if you're interested 23 year old male...haha, sorry, this isn't a chat room? NO WAIT, I AM REVIEWING BRUNCH CAFE. That was just my attempt at humor. Keep reading!Grandma and Mom wanted to take out my twin brother and I for lunch, since we are turning 23 in a matter of days. Of course, being the Yelper that I am, I of course wanted to try a new place, and thanks to the whole Yelp community for suggesting this place. It was a brunch of great reviews that made me want Brunch Cafe. Now the FOOD!I wanted an omelet and 'cakes. Of course, I was a subscriber via email, and I kid you not, as I was reading through...BAM an email from Brunch Cafe! It was a $10 Free Birthday Entree! Yes! I went up to the front, made sure I could use it, and Ellen, our waitress, had it already done when she dropped off the check! That a girl, Ellen! I wasn't paying, but 4 people at the total being 35.50! I'm in there like swimwear on this muggy September Day. I got the Caliente with egg whites, plus avocado, no cheese/chorizo. I keep it class, folks. My brother got similar, and Mom and Grandma ordered sandwiches. The pancakes I ordered were multigrain; blueberry for me, strawberry for my bro. Sweet, sweet child O' mine, they were good! Omelets great, perfectly cooked, and fresh vegetables! Hey!!!So while Grandma and I got coffee, I thought the meal was over. Of course, the men of the table didn't need boxes, because we're men who invented the wheel, use Brut Aftershave, sweat a lot, and finish meals. Oh no, it wasn't over!Our server Ellen, brought us each a birthday cupcake that I had to box as well as the other bday boy, because of already chewing gum! Thanks so much Brunch Cafe!If you're not getting their emails, what are you waiting for silly! September is National Breakfast Month! I know that for two reasons. I love breakfast, and Brunch Cafe JUST sent me an email reminding me! Awesome place, with a brunch of different options for every single person in your party! YA BABY!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,3/2/2012,3,102,,10,3>I love P.A.C. for five reasons: 1. Service is fantastic 2. They have sugar-free items for diabetics and those watching their intake (great for church functions!) 3. They have gluten-free brownies for my hubs who cannot eat wheat. 4. Their buttercream beats anyone locally hands down, and 5. Their sticky buns and cinnamon rolls are MASSIVE and fresh - no need to nuke to regain freshness. One drawback...I wish they had a website for photos, ideas, product listings and general information. (btw, if you're reading this, my husband designs them - from simple to extravagant)  Even having pricing for the different sizes of sheet cakes would be good on a website. The best thing? I commute with a friend to work and they are OPEN before 7 a.m. Perfect for work breakfast pick-up or even for the bikers (which I see often sitting outside their door!) on the trail. Oh, coffee cakes, too.I truly hope they stay around a long time and personally, I'd love to work part-time for them on the weekends!  :) (BTW, their prices are very average and acceptable. My sheet cake for 30 people was 35.00 plus tax. Pecan bun is 1.75 ish) Thanks for the great product!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,3/1/2012,317,838,6,10,6>I first stumbled upon Red Moon when I was looking on Yelp for interesting new places to try. I kept telling myself I would check it out, but did not get around to it until recently and I am very glad I did. The atmosphere of Red Moon is very different and difficult to explain. The walls are painted like the surface of the moon and all of the accents are .... you guessed it .. red! The lounge itself is really nice and clean still (and so are the restrooms... always a plus at places where people are drinking!). There is also an outdoor patio so you can enjoy your martinis while taking in the beautiful summer weather. I have tried three of the martinis here and they were all fantastic. I had the Ecstasy, Seduction and a taste of the Moonwalker. The martinis have awesome flavor, yet they are still fairly strong. Red Moon has a full bar, so if you are not feeling a martini you can order any mixed drink or a beer as well. The music is good, but the DJ tends to repeat the same songs and I wish they would turn the music own just a bit. I couldn't hear what the people with me were saying half the time! I also wish people here would dance more. I mean the couches and tables are really comfy so I understand why people want to stay stationary, but when I get a couple drinks in me.. I WANNA DANCE! I went late on a Friday night and the place remained pretty empty until close. There was a definite mixture of people there. It seemed like mostly guys drinking beers in the bar. Maybe that was just the night I went...
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,2/29/2012,107,399,3,8,5>This place is interesting because their food is great and price is amazing but the food comes out a bit slow. This is really the only thing that keeps me from visiting more often. I'm pretty sure they prepare a lot of things from scratch because the quality of the items almost suggests that they do. Especially with their fried items, they're always extremely crispy and hot.I don't think you'll find better chicken wings anywhere else, especially the garlic wings and teri-wings. If you order their big pieces of chicken, the original olive chicken is amazing but their olive chicken strips don't have the same amazing texture. For sides, I thought everything I tried was good except the corn salad wasn't really to my liking.On the Korean/Japanese side. The udon bowl is a steal at $5 and the seafood noodle is good too. The bulgogi was spectacular although the shrimp fried rice was mediocre and tonkatsu was pretty good. They have a good choice of mackerel but be aware that you'll have to deal with a lot of bones. Don't miss their seafood pancake!Just a warning that a lot of the food is a bit spicy but soda price here is great (you'll probably need it). If you have the time, definitely come in here some time to have chicken wings, olive chicken, and fries... you will not regret it.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,2/28/2012,116,29,7,12,9>I quit smoking.  I went on a cruise for my honeymoon.  And a year later I'm still carrying the 12 lbs I gained.  BUT.... that's changing!I started class with Lisa a few months ago.  Initially 1 class a week and now up to 2.  When I was going at  it steady I dropped a few pounds in no time.  Then I had to take a month off and managed to gain it back.But I'm back now and this is what I can tell you about Zumba with Lisa D......1 - Anyone can do it.  Doesn't matter if you are young or old, overweight or just looking to stay fit.  Male or female.... although it's mostly ladies.  But the men that do it are awesome and no one thinks anything of it.  And Lisa is easy to follow.  We all stumbled through our first couple classes, but after a few times you learn the moves and the cues and it's a piece of cake!2 - It's fun.  I HATE GYMS.   Hate them.  I need an activity that keeps my interest.  I used to take a pole dance class but at $37 a class, it just became too expensive.  The music will stay in your head for days (am I right ladies???).  Everyone is friendly and we all just have fun with the class.3 - It's affordable!  $10 for drop-ins.  Or you can buy a 10 class punchcard for $80.  That's a great price!4 - No one judges you.   I brought my mom and mother-in-law recently and they were all over the place practically stepping on people.  OOPS!  Do the other ladies get upset?  Heck no!  One of the girls even stopped to try to show my MIL some of the steps.  Too sweet!  5 - The people that come to class are real people.  We don't wear makeup and we sweat like pigs.  We are there to exercise and not try to prove how good we look in workout clothes.  If you are on the fence just come and try one class.  I can guarantee you will not regret it.  :)
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,2/27/2012,178,365,4,4,4>I FINALLY made it to Brauerhouse.  The place is small but nice...I really liked the atmosphere.  It's a little rockabilly, a little metal, and a little punk.  They had quality music playing the whole time (a good mix of blues, classic rock, metal, and punk) and the craft beer list was big enough to make me happy (which is hard to do).  I ended up having the Ska Modus Hoperandi IPA which was really good, perfectly hoppy, and I paired that with the Bruiser (good crumbled bleu cheese, pickled onions, crispy bacon...mmmmmmm).  The burgers are really good here...lots of seasoning, delicious pretzel buns, and the tots are awesome.  For those that have been there, the burgers are not as juicy or cooked as perfectly as Kuma's, BUT you can actually get what you want here (I added jalepenos and my husband got his 86 almost everything) without getting the stinkeye and a flat out request denial.  There is also not a 2 hour wait in a tiny smoke-filled room, so that's a plus too.  AND it's in the suburbs.  WIN.  I would definitely come here again...though maybe not on a band night.  Where DO they put them?
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,2/26/2012,363,708,6,10,8>A delightful little spot in downtown Lisle.We live a lot closer to Downers Grove and Lisle than we used to, so I decided it was high time to start exploring. I brought an old friend here for some chocolate and catching up. As other reviewers note, it's in a little strip mall underneath a condo building, so not the most obvious location, but not too hard to find and easy to park. The atmosphere is whimsical and cozy. And everything looks and smells so wonderful.My friend and I both went for the 5-scoop "bambino" sampler. These are little baby scoops -- about the size of a golf ball -- so you can try a variety without feeling totally piggish. I tried banana, chocolate-hazelnut, heath bar, chocolate java and raspberry. Oh, heavens, they were all delicious. The banana and chocolate java really stuck out, but I would eat any of them again -- or try five new flavors, because they were all pretty tempting. (I did not see burnt caramel, which is a shame, that sounds great.)They also have fondue, truffles, various chocolate-covered goodies, espresso and espresso-based drinks, a variety of hot chocolates from standard to super-fancy gourmet, smoothies and hot tea.We sat and talked for at least two hours and never got any glares or really, any attention at all -- the sweet and friendly owner just let us be. It was never jam-packed but some other customers did come and go while we were there, and I'm glad to see it, because I want this place to survive, so I can bring more girlfriends here!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,2/25/2012,199,119,6,9,8>I just felt the need to write a quick review update to say a very big THANK YOU to the staff at Q that was working on New Years Eve! I was down the street at Trader Joe's around 4:30 PM, picking up last minute party supplies, when I realized, we're not eating dinner for at least 5 more hours - I must pick something up to tide us over! So from the parking lot, I called Q to put in an order for pick-up. She told me that they had officially closed at 4, but would take me as their last order if I could get there quickly. I was over there faster than you could say "BBQ ME!" and I burst into the front doors with excitement. Luckily, they had everything that I had ordered and I was all set to go! No attitude, no muss, no fuss. It was extremely nice of them to take my order, almost 45 minutes past closing time. We were so happy with our pre-dinner snack - we're never disappointed with Q! Thanks again guys - we appreciate it!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,2/24/2012,359,353,5,5,3>Pho.nomenal.Un.Pho.gettable.I was introduced to Pho about a year ago. Since then it has been a weekly ritual at a hole in the wall near my home. No joke. The highlight of my week is "Pho Friday". However, finding a great little spot near the office for lunch had been somewhat challenging...until I discovered Dung Gia. At first the menu is slightly overwhelming. It's HUGE. I stuck to my tried and true items. The Goi Cuon and peanut sauce (Vietnamese spring rolls - with tofu) were delish! As a non-seaftood eater, it was nice to see a variety of spring rolls...without shrimp! I also indulged in a large bowl of beef Pho. The beef and the noodles were perfect,  and the broth was extremely flavorful. I loaded my bowl with jalapeno and basil and chowed down. The waitstaff was friendly. The service was fast. The food was fantastic. Will I be back??? Pho Sho!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,2/23/2012,209,310,4,9,6>Well, I was so happy to hear of a new bakery in La Grange.  I mean people, my tag line on Yelp is "BROWNIES ARE MY LIFE".  So I have been trying to arrange my schedule to get on down there.  FIrst, hip, hip, hooray!  A bakery open till 9 pm in the burbs!!!!!  My husband and I chose several of the traditional mexican american pastries -- sweet potato camote (sweet bread stuffed with pureed sweet potato, honey & butter), strawberry concha (like a puff pastry  with crunchy sugar strawberry coat on outside), marranitos gingerbread (traditional molasses gingerbread pig shaped cookies) and then I also had to try their frosted brownie.  Now, there is much more to choose from here.  Cupcakes, cakes, cookies.  But I am not one who can have a stockpile of baked goods at her home and restrain herself.  No, if it is there, it gets eaten.  My favs were the gingerbread and the sweet potato.  The gingerbread is airy and light.  With a touch of flavor.  Glazed on top, I can imagine having this with a nice cup of coffee in the morning. I of course, could not wait.  I ate it right when I got home.  The sweet potato was a nice surprise.  UNIQUE and yummy.  Not sugary, yet sweet.  The pastry dough was nice and fresh.  Oh no, I just realized I missed the tamales... ah, next visit!Now for the brownie.  Beautifully frosted, chewy and dense.  I liked it.  Not in my top 10, but not bad.  I would have to add a more natural chocolate flavor.  It was rich, but needs that deep cocoa kick.  Not overly sweet, so that was a plus.Overall, great customer service.  I spoke with the owner.  Extremely nice guy.  I like what they are doing.  I love the nice mix of Mexican-American pastries with the traditional American stuff.  Nicely decorated.  I will continue to try tasty treats at this bakery!  Oh one more great thing.  My total bill, $4.80.  That's in my budget!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/22/2012,38,139,6,6,8>This place rocks!    We have moved through the menu on successive visits and each time the take away is "This place rocks" .   This last visit, we decided to succumb to the hype and step away from the "dishes familiar and known".    We had the shrimp tacos, fish tacos, chile rellenos tacos.  These were all tasty and now cause a crave in the pit of my stomach,  saying.. "must have those tacos"...   What I love about this place is how great the staff is with kids.  There are times when dining with kids when you can sense the apprehension, anxiety and downright disdain that you brought them here.   That is NOT the case here.  The staff was friendly, and went out of the way to make my kids feel at home. They serve french fries with their kids quesadillas..   As Charlie Sheen's kids would say "Winning"
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,2/21/2012,54,226,4,9,6>Every time I make the 40 minute trek back home I make sure to go out of my way to get two Gene's and Jude's hot dogs with everything for lunch.  In fact, I've been coming here since I was just a wee hot dog devotee and this whole recent "Best Hot Dog in America" thing pretty much validates my crazy ramblings that, yes, the best Chicago dog is in fact in the suburbs.This place epitomizes a small and perfectly crafted food stand.  I really don't care about the line or lack of seating or even the cleanliness (to be honest, I think the food tasted even better before they had to start wearing gloves) - it's all about the hot dogs and fries.  The tamales are pretty good too, but it feels like I'm wasting a trip when I get one of those.In short, this place is the Gene's and Jude's of hot dog stands (can we say that now?).
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,2/20/2012,160,654,5,8,7>I will admit I never knew about speed skating till Bonnie Blair won all those gold medals back in the 90's. Even then, I envisioned the sport being a distant thing; something that people do in faraway Utah, northern Wisconsin or even Duluth, MN but not anywhere close to Chicago. I was wrong on that one. Being the parent of a rather physical and athletic 5 year old led me to this organization. We discovered them last summer at Taste of Park Ridge. Just weeks before, my 5 year old son had been learning figure skating and enjoyed being on the ice. I asked if he would like to "skate fast." Of course he agreed...Now, Park Ridge is one of a number of speed skating clubs in the surrounding area. These clubs hold regular meets and compete together in the area. While the PR Speed Skating Club's home ice is at Oakton Ice Arena, they are not affiliated with the Park Ridge Park District, so you won't see them in the quarterly catalog of park programs and lessons. Even living in Park Ridge some 7 years now, it wasn't until last summer I became aware of their existence.Speed skating is pretty fascinating to watch. You have people zipping around at top speeds close to 40 mph on long skates with a flat blade. They wear helmets and padded suits, since a fall on the ice can send them sliding towards a sidewall. There's padding around the track for this very reason. The sound of a group of skaters taking off at the  starting line is like a stampede of skates as they all get off to a running start on the ice. Then the gracefulness of the sport becomes evident: the crossover of the skater's legs lets the skaters move on the ice with incredible speed yet making it look so effortless at the same time. Head down low, hands at their sides or behind their backs, the skaters glide with ease on the sheer ice. A breeze blows by as a group of skaters passes you while you watch. For the fitness-conscious, speed skating is a sport that uses every muscle in the body in a coordinated movement. Looking at the skaters on the ice, it is quite apparent the most prevalent body type is tall and slender, with very little fat on the arms and thighs. Most of the skaters are in their teens, though there are adults and some grade school kids too. Among the skaters there is even an older doctor, who also recommends skating to his patients for its obvious health benefit of staying fit.Though we showed interest in the speed skating program, I had to find them since they did not contact me after we inquired for more information at the Taste. A little more self-promotion and marketing would probably attract more people to the sport. The club offers 3 free sessions to people interested in speed skating. It took only one class for my 5 year old to get hooked on the sport. After spending over an hour on the ice till his feet hurt, he came off the ice and said, "No more skating slow, I want to skate FAST!" It didn't take long before I signed him up for the season. The speed skating season runs from September till March, with a bigger regional competition at Oakton and other smaller novice competitions at Oakton as well.The skating practices take place twice a week, Tuesdays and Thursday evenings, about an hour and 15 minutes per session. The ice time for the speed skaters is sandwiched between figure skating lessons and hockey games that happen later. For the cost of a season membership, it is well worth the value compared to the park district's 30-minute long, once a week sessions where you might have a lot less individualized attention from the instructors. The Park Ridge Club shares the ice with the Glen Ellyn club, so there's plenty of skaters and coaches to work with them. And among the notable coaches, PR has Nancy Swider-Peltz who's a former Olympian herself. With my son being the smallest skater out there and no other 5 year olds in the program, he's had a number of sessions where a coach worked with him one on one for the entire class. The progress is immediately obvious and he has developed so much since he began in late September, just a little more than 4 months ago. The organization is a lot like family. We all hang out on the side opposite the bleacher section and watch the kids skate, kind of like soccer moms, we're speed skating moms and dads. We set up and put away the padded sidewalls, fill buckets of water to pour on the ice when it gets rough, and we cheer on our future champions as they learn the sport. It's a good place to start if you like skating and want to get into shape.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,2/19/2012,850,1294,12,17,17>Pardon my Croatian, but I am a krafne-kurva. I would do dirty, dirty deeds in exchange for those custard and fruit filled goodies. The first time I ever tried them was for karneval aka maskare in Samobor, Hrvatska. I'm pretty sure that sugar isn't the only powder they are rolled around in because they are as addictive as crack.What exactly are krafne? They are also known as krof, krofne, pokladnice, krapfen, bismarcks, sufganiyah and kobliha in other countries. Here, in the Polish capital of America, they are known as paczki. This is a Polish bakery, so you play by their rules and call it what they call it. And it's fun to hear all the different ways people try to pronounce it: "poonch-key" or "punch-key" but it's really "pohnch-key".I've returned to Central Continental every year since I moved to Chicagoland. This is where I come for Paczki Fest. It starts on Fat Thursday (traditional Packi Day in Poland) and runs through Fat Tuesday. Why limit yourself to gorging upon them the day before Lent begins when you can start the celebration on Thursday? That's almost an entire week of paczki partying!With over three dozen flavors to choose from, it is hard to go wrong. But I truly think the traditional raspberry and the chocolate covered custard are the way to go. The gourmet are way too rich, but fun to try just to say you survived. They've also wised up and created a number system not only for walk-ins but for pre-orders now. That means you'll get to enjoy all those calories that much faster. Don't forget your fat pants!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,2/18/2012,60,239,9,8,7>Our tastebuds traveled to Sicily last night when we dined at Elio Pizza On Fire.  Thankfully, our "tour guide", Adrianna was there to help us choose from their incredible pizza menu.  For most of you, this is unlike any pizza you have ever had.  You don't order a sausage and mushroom or pepperoni, onions and green pepper.  No, no, no... you'll find amazing items like Rucolina, Primavera, Pirata, Gusti, and Dolcezza on the menu.  That's where the lovely Adrianna comes in.  She's both translator and tour guide as you explore the authentic Sicilian pizza landscape.Here's what we had:Mediterrenea Salad - A nice sald for two to share with romaine lettuce, fresh tomato, red onions, Calamata olives, sundried tomato, cucumbers and liberally drizzled with their own balsamic dressing.  This is a wonderful start for your meal.We decided to order 2 pizzas and share them and take the remainder home.  Our first choice was the Ortolana which is topped with fresh plum tomato, mozzarella, grilled eggplant, grilled zucchini, roasted red pepper and drizzled with extra virgin olive oil.  This was a wonderful veggie pizza option!  We sometimes get bored with typical veggie pizzas because it's the same old, same old.  Not at Elios.  You can really taste the freshness of the ingrdients.The second pizza we ordered was the Rucolina.  All I can say is "WOW!!"  Fresh mozzarella, arugula, prosciutto parma, grana cheese flakes, and extra virgin olive oil.  Sounds simple right?  We added red sauce per Adrianna's suggestion and it was quite frankly one of the best pizzas I have ever had!We finished with about 5 slices of pizza to take home for the next day.  Now here's the best part - we had a salad, 2 pizzas and 3 sodas.  Cost = $29.49.  Yes, you read that right, just a shade under 30 bucks.  I have spent 3X the amount at some restaurants and not enjoyed my food as much as I did last night at Elios.Let me offer a few tips that might help you better enjoy your experience:1) It's a real P-I-T-A to find because there is no obvious sign blaring out "ELIO ON FIRE".  When traveling on Lake Street, enter the strip mall parking lot just east of the McDonalds and directly across the street from the entrance to Sal's Beverage Depot.  (It's the strip mall on the south side of Lake with the taqueria right when you turn into the lot.)  Elio is at the opposite end of the strip mall at the very end.2) IF you enjoy wine and beer with your meal, find a place to park and cross the street and grab yourself a beverage at Sal's Beverage Depot.  Adrianna said that people are welcome to BYOB.  NOTE: They do NOT serve alcohol.3) When dining as a couple, whether to order one pizza or two?  If you are really hungry, I say "go for it!" and take the leftovers home.  Not that hungry and want to save a few bucks, share a salad and a pizza.  Throw in a nice bottle of your own wine and you can get a decent meal for two for under $50.    4) Bring cash - they don't take credit cards.5) Ask for Adrianna - she'll take good care of you!  Be sure to leave a nice tip.So there you have it.  A new, family owned restaurant in the heart of Addison serving some of the best pizza I have ever had.  I haven't been this excited since discovering Bigby's!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,2/17/2012,252,423,5,9,7>This is my favorite breakfast & brunch place when I'm in the mood for a breakfast that's a little bit different & not diner-style.  Hubby & I have to keep coming back because there are dozens of things on the menu we want to try.  Their menu is quite large for breakfast & brunch and the variety is truly inspired.  They have your normal omelettes and skillets but also many gourmet options.My favorites are the Zucchini Cakes (think potato pancake but made with zucchini), the Ham & Sweet Potato Omelet (seasonal), and any of the many Benedicts they have to offer.  I recently ordered an omelet I had been wanting to try but it always got bumped for a seasonal selection; the Morroccan Omelet.  To some it may sound strange but I knew Benedict's Eggs & More wouldn't disappoint.  Medjool dates, bacon, almonds, goat cheese, drizzled with a balsamic reduction over the omelet.  OMG, it was amazingly good.  There's still plenty on the menu to try...want to give some of their French Toasts & Pancakes a whirl some time when I'm not in an eggy mood.The restaurant is small, expect to wait on busy weekend mornings.  Not so bad when the weather is nice and you can wait outside (inside waiting area is tiny).  Because of it's smaller size the tables can be close together but I still love the feel of the place.  And who wouldn't like a restaurant with a tree sprouting up through the floor?  The staff have always been friendly and courteous.  They recently introducted a frequent diner program which is just perfect for those of us addicted to this place!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,2/16/2012,3,136,9,11,7>My kids and I had just left the Garfield Park Conservatory and were looking to go to eat...but somehere we had not been. I was using Yelp to see what restaurants were on our way home when Chicago's Chicken and Waffles popped up in Oak Park - on our way home! I was thrilled that we could go there for lunch. There is not a parking lot, but I was able to find close street parking. The wait was long - about 30 minutes and this was around 1pm. The place was packed and smelled delicious. As others have mentioned it is really a beautiful place. Very intimate and nicely furnished. Once seated the service was fast, and I mean FAST! They brought my kids milk and water right away. Our order was taken quickly. We all ordered chicken and waffle platters and our food was on the table in about 5 minutes. It was all delicious. Hot, clearly freshly prepared and so good.My daughter had ordered the kid's plate with only one piece of chicken and wanted more so I gave her some of mine. She was literally moaning in happiness the food was so good. Our check was presented promptly, but even though there was a wait, they did not seem in a hurry to move us along. I cannot wait to go back! My six year old said she wants to go there every meal from now on!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,2/15/2012,161,158,5,8,6>I definitely love this place like I love crabs.  But be warned, It's always crowded here and probably because they are an landmark of their own.  The day I went, it was a Saturday night back in February (26th) and their entire foyer was filled with people waiting to be called in for their party.  The wait was roughly about 1.5 hour long which would seem ridiculous but when you look at all the hundreds of people standing there waiting with you, you wonder there has to be something here that makes this place so great. Well for one, they have such a huge selection on their menu that it will make any seafood lovers think that they've just died and gone to heaven.  There are so many options to choose from that I had no idea what I wanted.  I knew I wanted crabs but when I saw that there are 10 different crabs I can get, I was blown away.  That night, they even passed out menus while we were waiting in line to be seated to make our ordering time faster.    I went with my BF and his family that night and when we got to the table, we couldn't wait to start the meal.  Here is the break down of some of the memorable foods we ordered and my commentary: Crab cakes & Alfredo pasta- boiled better than fried.Joe's Crab Claws- 4 pieces for $11Ahi Mahi Stirfry- chow fun noodles Kohan Crabs- sweet and warm,.whole crabsSirloin Steak- 16oz. Prime rib, juicy and tender. I had the Crab Claws and they were definitely worth the $11 for an appetizer.  I've been to other restaurants where it was $14 for one crab claw! It was meaty and good but if you really want to go for crabs, get the Kohan meal which was what my BF's mother got.  The portion for that was huge and the meat is served warm.  All of their crabs are fresh and so savory.  The Kohan's meat taste particularly sweet.  I would definitely get this dish on my next trip back.  Now the only thing I wouldn't recommend from this experience is if you get crab cakes, don't get them fried. If you do, they cover your crab cake in a layer of tater-tots-like coating that really ruins the taste of the crabs because it makes your cake taste starchy and at some parts that was burnt, the potatoes were just hard.   I'm just not fond of fried potatoes on my crabs.  My BF got the Ahi Mahi Stirfry and it was really well flavored with a good amount of fish.  Imagine a sort of fish chow fun noodle dish.  If you like seafood and you like Chinese food and you don't want to get your hands dirty (like him), this is your dish.  Overall, Bob Chinn's has great eats! Come ready to get your hands dirty. This place is apt to cater to ridiculous amount of people so it's a good place for big groups.  Service is good but busy.  It's has more of a casual and noisy ambience than a fancy atmosphere. It would make a great place for family dinner or a good meal with friends..
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,2/14/2012,65,197,5,7,4>What a surprise!!  Close to the Barrington train station on Wool Street is a gem of a place.  This unassuming local place is wonderful.  Went here on a Friday and they were having an all you could eat fish fry.  The perch was fresh, not greasy and plenty of it.  The dinner came with crisp french fries and homemade cole slaw.  Our server (Andrew) rocked.  Our glasses were never empty and he kept checking to see if I needed more fish!  The tartar sauce was also homemade and excellent.They had amazing appetizers as well.  We tried the Angry Calamari. It was so nice to have calamari that was not deep fried.  It was served with green pepper and onions sliced very thin and chorizo sooooooooooo yummy!They also had a sports bar at the other side of the building, so you could have a quiet cozy dinner in a booth, or go over to the bar side and sit and watch your favorite sports team.Goin back to try some other menu items .  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,2/13/2012,62,147,5,7,6>Massa, as if I even need to further stress how good of a place this is; it already gets some of the best written reviews, as well as word-of-mouth praises. I've heard so many people jump out of their seats to talk about Massa that before I ever went, I pictured it something like a gelato Disney Land.Conveniently located next to my favorite local sushi spot, Inari Sushi, on North Ave. Each restaurant has the same owners and they carry excellence for both locations.I've read a few reviews regarding poor service, but I beg to differ. I've been to Massa around a dozen times and the good service has never faltered. So, enough about that.Now I haven't ventured into the full extent of what Massa has to offer, so I can't thoroughly comment on the food (pizza, panini, etc), but I've heard that they have really good appetizers, and the pizza isn't too shabby either. People have also mentioned the generous portion sizes, which will always draw me in no matter what.But the appetizers are exactly what they should be, the stepping stone to the main attraction: the gelato. Massa makes some of the most authentic gelato I've had in the local Chicagoland area. Everything is thick, creamy, flavorful; everything you'd expect ouf of fine Italian gelato. The gelato menu changes very frequently which is great because I've never had the same one twice and gives me a chance to try more flavors (YAY!). One of my favorites, and of my firsts, at Massa was the cannoli gelato.Overall a great place. I can't give it five stars because I haven't tried the actual food, so upon my next visit I'll make it a point to have the food and I'll post an update.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,2/12/2012,292,329,5,8,6>Every time and with every dish the experience gets better and better! I would tell you what I had but I actually want you to come in and try it yourself. In the morning they have a buffet or just regular lunch, but at night it turns into a little piece of heaven, with the dark interior set for peaceful enjoyment of great food and company. Come on in and always ask for Jennifer, she is the BEST server and would never recommend anything she wouldn't be craving herself. She's also the bartender so she makes the BEST drinks for her tables.Again, the food is so good that you have to come in and try it yourself, it's all the traditional dishes cooked right! I may sound like an advertisement because I, who never liked Indian food before, am officially hooked! And Yelpers get a free appetizer when they check in, YAY! :] Can't wait to see you there!!!!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,2/11/2012,137,199,6,6,6>I stopped by here last Sunday to watch my friends' little 6 year old play in the Championship game of a Thanksgiving weekend tournament.  I was really impressed with this place!  Two regulation size rinks were being used at the time...one for this tournament, and the other for public skate.  The lobby has a nice, cozy feel of a ski lodge and has ample seating for those who want to come in from the cold of the rinks and enjoy a cup of coffee or hot chocolate.  Plenty of help behind the main desk made waiting in any lines for information or skate rental short and uneventful.  The concession stand didn't have a lot to offer, but had the staples and pretty much what you'd expect to find at an ice rink, to be fair.Trying to find a washroom may be difficult, though...especially for the men.  For some reason, the women's is at the end of the lobby, but the men's is in the north rink, behind one of the goals.  Strange.I'll definitely be back for free skate or maybe even rat hockey one of these days.  Located not too far from I-55 and Rt 53, it's conveniently located from basically all directions.  Seeya there!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,2/10/2012,16,62,4,8,6>As a kid growing up in the 80s I remember playing Galaga, Tempest, Kung Fu, and many others.  This place brings those back and a TON more.  This is what an arcade is supposed to be.  I feel like I've stepped back in time, the main difference is that I don't need to get a roll of quarters first.  $15 all you can play, that means from open to close and with the wristband they give you you can leave, get lunch, dinner or whatever and come back in.  They are open late too which is a bonus.  I brought my son in here and we had an absolute blast as he sat at the sit down Star Wars game.  If I could I'd be in there at least once a week but my wife would probably get upset.  It's a great place to lose yourself and also reconnect with your inner kid.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,2/9/2012,136,719,2,8,7>This building is deceptively small looking from the outside. Once you step inside you'll find an amazing assortment of anything you could ever be looking for. Great selection of kitchenware and plates, particularly a couple of great pyrex pieces. There are fur coats, war memorabilia, toys, movie memorabilia... You will not find this place lacking in any department. I was completely enthralled and took my sweet time. I was very pleased to see a spectacular collection of original Star Trek Christmas ornaments, that I left behind for a more fanatic Trekkie than I--but they were at a sweet price point and definitely worth checking out.Excellently organized so that you can see things as you walk on by, even though the space is so spectacularly large and well-filled.I have a strong feeling that I will need to revisit this place many more times, as I may have missed a few things, and since it's just around the corner plus a skip and a jump from where I live.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,2/8/2012,204,392,9,9,6>Stalkery. That is exactly what it has resulted to in order to finally making the moves and stepping a lovely pair of purple stilettos into Coopers Hawk. A friend and I have been going back and forth for months. Both watching when the windows went in, when the bottles in the windows got in, the doors opening...and us cancelling plans to meet up for a wine night. Finally, after much anticipation we made it out for a little indulgence and more decadence that could fill you with glee.Coopers Hawk is gorgeous, from the minute you walk in through the front doors and into the tasting room you're greeted with a tasting from one of the local barrels. Thank and you. From there it's basically fair game on what you plan on doing. And there are three options. For which are bullet-pointed.-Tasting Room: Something from a cross between Sonoma look-alike to well, stand-alone wine supplier. Inside this little hub you've got so many things to feast your eyes on from the bottles along the walls to the bottle toppers and serving plates perfect to hold cheeses and little bits of nosh to accompany some wine.-Bar: Why hello lover, thanks for holding that chair for me. Sexy and chic, especially for Naperville.  This section is brilliant for an after work cocktail, a place to meet up and slink away with a friend/date/whatever for a bit sipping anything and everything.-Dining Room: Where there's a will, there's definitely a way. Beautifully decorated, the spacious dining room is filled with booths and tables. And even though there's enough seating-it surprisingly feels private. Loved this.Something a little out of the ordinary that is a special treat are the wine carafes. They are extremely ornate and look like glass table ornaments-only filled with wine. Hello.For this visit we decided to of course have flights of wine:Sparkling - the beauty of the flights was the Raspberry and Almond. Showstoppers.White Wine - the house blend was smooth and utterly perfect for anytime of day. Any-time.For the food, we kept it pretty simple:Thai lettuce wraps that came with three separate sauces. The caramel was beyond gorgeous for the tastebuds.Lobster and Crab Bisque. Oh holy greatness. Full-bodied bowl filled with enough punch and flavor to make you want another. What an absolute gem for Naperville, this is most definitely going to be a regular place to meet up with friends. Prices are no different than any other type of establishment, the service is spot on and this is that one place where I am more than happy to roll out of the booths with a light buzz from the food or the wine.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,2/7/2012,91,73,8,12,8>O SWEET CHEEZUS!!Definitely something I'd say about the NEW gourmet popcorn shop on the block, The Gourmet Kernel!  You may wonder, "Maria, why are you SO excited about a popcorn shop?  It's JUST popcorn." *COUGH COUGH SPUTTER* WHAT?!  Popcorn is SERIOUS BUSINESS! Do not disrespect the popcorn!!Popcorn and I have a very long, long long, friendship.  Movie popcorn, caramel popcorn, cheddar popcorn...air popped...popcorn smothered in yummy, oh-so-delicious, and melty butter(my other 'love'). Yep, I am a popcorn fangirl! :) Don't try to take my popcorn away unless you wanna lose a hand!But, seriously, I was SO excited to find out there was a gourmet popcorn(which is way different than just your regular, microwave or home-popped popcorn) shop, which was closer than the other gourmet popcorn shop that I would travel over 25 minutes to to get my stash of popcorn.  I first read about The Gourmet Kernel on the internet and was VERY excited about it being in the Algonquin Commons shopping center. I loved the story about the owner, Judy Reyes, another popcorn lover, who decided that this area needed a gourmet popcorn shop.  And ya know, I am VERY GLAD she opened it up! :)Today, I was greeted by the owner herself, not only with a handshake, but with a hug! Awww, I was sooo touched! And WOO she scored many Customer Service Points from me! :)  While my kids were all jumping around and excited looking at the popcorn, we were able to sample not just ONE, but all of their flavors.  Their regular flavors are and with my review of each:Caramelt - (Caramel Popcorn) - Caramelt is melty buttery carmelly goodness....it doesn't taste "burnt", which is one thing I look for in caramel popcorn, or "too fakey tasting" like artificial caramel flavor. I can tell, when you can taste the butter, you KNOW it is gonna be awesome! :)Cheddar, Cheddar - (Golden Cheddar Popcorn) - Cheddar Cheddar (so cheesy you gotta say it twice!) is definitely cheese factor 11 here! :) It definitely passes my cheese popcorn test and I love cheese AND popcorn!  The cheese is just the right amount to give any cheese lover a euphoric feeling! :)O Sweet Cheezus - (Golden Cheddar & Caramel Popcorn Combination) - Their "Chicago Mix" it definitely gives you the cheesy and the caramel in one happy package.  You will definitely not be disappointed! It's two great popcorns that taste great together! Who knew?Blanca - (White Cheddar Popcorn) - If you want even MORE cheese....the Blanca is definitely the second coming of the cheesesplosion! :) I'll have to grab myself a bag of this next time!:)Kettlecorn - What's there to say?  They have pretty darn good kettlecorn! :9  Salty-sweet.....it's not caramel, but it isn't just plain salted popcorn either. It's both! NOMNOMNOM!  Why wait for fall?  Get it now and experience fall all over again! Popfetti (Fruit Flavored Popcorn) - Popfetti is a popcorn flavor I've NEVER experienced before.  Fruit flavored popcorn?!  WOOOW! Lemme tell you, kids LOVE this stuff. I love it too, but it is VERY powerful...powerful in a sense of OMG SWEET! :)   I think it MAY be "lethal" in too large of a dose.  But, take a small one! :) It's dense in sweetness, but definitely has all the fruity flavors you and kids LOVE!  The fruit flavors rotate, which I think is mighty cool! Flavors include: Green Apple, Strawberry, Banana, Blueberry, and Grape.Finally, we have their "Flavor of the Month" which is decided by Business students of local colleges.  They flavor test and have to come up with the name for the new popcorn flavor.  Another VERY cool thing, I think! Taco Loco (Taco & Sour Cream Popcorn) - Lemme tell you, it DOES taste like taco popcorn.  I love the addition of sour cream, cause I love me some sour cream on my crispy beef taco! :9 Definitely addicting!One flavor I did not try is their Buttery popcorn...I will update when I do try it!The prices were up to par of the other gourmet popcorn shops, but for popcorn as seriously yummy as Gourmet Kernel's popcorn is.  It's a fair price to pay! :9 They fill up the popcorn bags pretty generously...so, don't think you are gonna get gipped, you will get what you pay for!  With the terrific customer service and warm and welcoming atmosphere, Gourmet Kernel does NOT disappoint!  Not to mention, they offer you a bunch of wet naps to wipe your fingers with when digging them into the O Sweet Cheezus and/or Cheddar, Cheddar.  Orangey Colored Fingers?   Not for Gourmet Kernel's customers! Oh, and the employees are not just popcorn sellers, they are called POPISTAS(Like Baristas), which I think is very inventive! :)I'm looking forward to the new flavors in the future because I see myself coming to visit Judy and her wonderful gourmet popcorn shop OFTEN! :)   Gourmet Kernel....you've made a new fan and a new regular customer with me! :) Keep on rockin' the great popcorn!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,2/5/2012,499,481,17,12,6>Dinner buffet for $21 (add $1.49 for soda) - Highlights include snow crab legs, deep fried crab legs, dungeness crabs, sashimi, sushi and cotton candy!!  Keep in mind the dinner price is applied all day Saturday and Sunday.I came for dinner early Sunday evening and the place was pretty filled up already, but there was no wait.  They have TONS of seating inside, room after room, but I hear they get pretty packed.  The hostess led me to a table and a waitress came to take my drink order.  I was excited to see what the buffet had to offer.I didn't know where to start!  There were tons of sushi and specialty roll options, fish eggs, Mongolian grill that will stir fry a dish for you, dim sum, 4 different kinds of soup, vegetables, and other Asian dishes.  They also offered melons, pineapple, kiwi, lychee, cakes, pudding, ice cream and pink cotton candy for dessert.  The cotton candy is made fresh and is pretty fluffy.  The red bean ice cream was grey and didn't taste like much.  I thought the sushi was good for a buffet and not too stuff with rice.  The crab legs were pretty tasty and well worth the price of admission.  Compared to Nagoya, I think this place offer more variety.Beware, the sushi chef has super sonic hearing!  I was trying to ask my friend, who has eaten there before, questions and the sushi chef kept answering them.  I kept lowing my voice until it's a whisper "psst...hey, where is the soy sauce? is it at the table?" And before my friend could answer, the sushi chef chimed in "YES! It's at the table."  How did he hear that?!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,2/4/2012,63,60,13,8,9>There are few reasons to visit Villa Park, but of those few, this is a big one. It's the Disney World of  Villa Park- not in size, theme, business type, revenue, traffic, or kid-friendliness- but in importance as a draw to the community. And that fact is my personal opinion.Lunar is a dive bar with a heart of gold. It's a completely unassuming building that houses the best beers I have ever had. Have you ever seen Die Hard 3: Die Hard With a Vengeance? It's the one where those German guys go into a bank and you're like, "Oh, it's just a bank." But then they get under the building and it turns out that it's the largest gold bank in the States? And they rob it? Remember? And you're like, "I did not realize they had that much gold under that bank!"Well, Lunar is kind of like that. When you get there you figure this bar is way overhyped, and then you find out they brew their own stuff, and you're like "Hm. OK." But then it turns out the bar has many delicious beers for almost any taste. The next thing you know, you are thinking about how this is the most awesome place you have ever had a beer. And how you have never had better beer before in your life. Upon reflection, my analogies in this review have been kind of off. I do not suggest robbing this place with a group of Germans.They do not have gold, or a even a national stockpile of anything. Remember, you are in Villa Park. The point is that Lunar is much cooler and surprising than it appears. It is a delightful experience, and you should go there with some friends and support the brewers in their quest to improve the world through excellent beer.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,2/3/2012,47,169,4,9,8>What did I like about this great restaurant you ask?  1) I don't have to drive up to the far North side of Chicago for delicious and flavorful pho, 2) There are TONS of vegetarian and vegan options and 3) the staff are very nice and friendly.  I came here today for the first time because I heart from a friend that they have vegan pho....we started with the veggie spring rolls...which have a ton of fresh ingredients and they arrived with the most delicious peanut sauce.  My husband ordered chicken pho and I got the veggie pho.  While it was expected that the veggie broth would be very light-it was extremely flavorful and hit the spot.  I will be trying the tofu banh mi next time....as well as the veggie pho!  You must try this place!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,2/2/2012,760,671,5,7,6>About a month ago, my husband and I hosted a party at our place. It wasn't until the night before that we realized we forgot to place a catering order somewhere! We considered our options and went over to this restaurant around 9pm. When we walked in, Vince himself wanted to personally take care of our order. Vince is the sweet Italian grandfather type -- we enjoyed speaking with him. He had no problem with our late order (a few hours' notice is usually all they need) and even threw in an extra pizza in our order for being new customers!After we placed our catering order, we decided to stay for a drink and check out the place. It was lovely -- the lights were low and cozy, the place was quiet (a few diners), and next to the bar was a man playing classic songs on a guitar. A mid-aged couple was slow dancing to his songs. It was very romantic. The drinks were good and moderately priced. We rarely take the time to just sit together for a drink and decided to make this happen here at least once a month.The next day, we picked up the food -- warm and right on time! We ordered mostacolli, a garden salad (with spinach, mushrooms, veggies), garlic bread, and a couple pizzas (we didn't get that extra free pizza Vince promised.... but that's OK). The garden salad came with a few different dressings on the side. I have no complaints about most of the food -- it was all great! We also had plenty of mostocolli left over and it tasted great the rest of the week. However, while the pizza was good, I won't be coming here just to order a pizza. I'll come here for the other food, lovely atmosphere, and friendly staff.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,2/1/2012,63,167,4,10,6>I have been to Crazy Buffet many times for lunch.  I was here on the first day they opened this location and it is on my standard rotation.It is located in a strip mall and there is plenty of parking.  This restaurant is located in a huge space with lots of seating.  There are lots of windows that make the place bright and cheerful.  The tables and booths are much nicer than I normally see in this type of place.Crazy Buffet is an above average chinese/japanese/american buffet.  For $8.50 (they raised the price in June), you get all the food you can eat.  Drinks are extra, but I always drink water with my lunch anyway.The food quality may not be the highest, but it is certainly not bad.  If you eat fast food, then this would be a step up for you.The hibachi section allows you to stand in line, pick your own ingredients and they will grill it up for you.  I have never tried it because I don't like to take the time and I don't want to worry about putting together a good combination.Pro tip:  Do not let them seat you in the sections closest to the door.  The hibachi grill is on that side and you will walk away soaked in grease.There is much talk of sushi at this place.  The sushi is plentiful, but fish is not.  Remember that sushi is cold boiled rice moistened with rice vinegar.  The toppings that we associate with sushi are variable.  Most of the sushi at Crazy Buffet is served as various forms of California rolls.  There is a little bit of fake crab and some canned tuna, but that is about it.  I enjoy this selection for what it is.  Did you really expect to get all you can eat sushi grade salmon for under 10 bucks?  How could the place stay in business?If you want a little seafood, they do have crawfish in the shell, several kinds of shrimp, and some baked salmon.The Chinese inspired dishes are OK, but nothing great.  Many of the meats are heavily covered in breading.  Of course this is a way to keep the cost down.  I like the black pepper chicken, chicken on a stick  and the spicy shrimp.  The sauteed green beans always find a spot on my plate as well.There is a cold food section with salads and fruits and such.  I have sampled a few but this is not my favorite section.  There are just so many choices that I tend to stick with my favorites.To finish off an already decadent lunch, there are sweets.  The coolest is the eight kinds of hand dipped ice cream.  I almost always get the green tea ice cream.  There are some issues with the way the ice cream is presented.  It is often rock hard and due to the way the sneeze guard is installed, it can be very difficult to get the right angle and leverage to get the ice cream scooped.  I have actually scooped for women who were having difficulty.  I mentioned this to the manager, but he was not sympathetic and merely dismissed me with a "it's health code".In general the servers are pleasant and efficient in clearing plates and refilling water.  I have had times where they were very busy and difficult to find, but that is the exception.Keeping in mind what this place is, I think they do a good job.  Good food at a very reasonable price.  That is why I will keep coming back.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,1/31/2012,287,787,4,10,9>Can I rate the customers in a review?  Because the customers I encountered here were so very nice and helpful.  I was standing in front of the wall menu/counter trying to decide what to order and several customers made sure that I had a number ticket so I wouldn't be overlooked when it came time to order.  AND each time I have entered or left Franco's when I have visited, some customer always opens the door for me.  Maybe it's because I've always had the little boy with me, or maybe because they see how heavy the baby carrier is, or maybe there's something about Franco's that makes everyone warm and fuzzy. I guess it goes to show the kind of people Franco's attracts.  This restaurant/deli/bakery certainly has a family feel to it.  The folks behind the counter have always been cheerful and ready to help. So perhaps their friendliness is contagious?  But friendliness can only go so far to make me a return visitor...and the food passes that test.  I've dined in and taken food to-go several times now and each time has been a good visit.  I love their marinara sauce, great fresh tomato flavor with just a tiny bit of zing. Their meatballs are also well-made and tasty.  The Pasta Fagioli is filling and really warms you up on a cold day.  Do not overlook their pastry case--it's kind of hard not to as everything looks perfectly made. I love their eclairs, cookies and tiramisu.  This place is busy during lunch hours, probably because of the great lunch deals.  A great place tucked away in Streamwood.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,1/30/2012,17,104,4,6,5>I have been craving Thai food for quite a while now, and when I noticed a new Thai restaurant just minutes from my house, I knew I wanted to try it. I decided to do carry-out and called ahead to place my order, the Pad Thai lunch special. Their lunch special comes with your entree of choice, an appetizer (they choose), and soup. The woman on the phone was very friendly, and said it would be ready in 5-10 minutes. Talk about fast!Now for the food - I've had Pad Thai at quite a few restaurants in the burbs and this was probably one of the best! It came with a couple of egg rolls which were crisp yet tender, and the sweet and sour dipping sauce had just the right balance of sweet and tangy. I LOVE Peanut Sauce and order it with any Thai entree I get. This little addition (a small cup) was $2.00 extra, a little steep for the size of the cup, but it was delicious too.All in all, I'm very happy with my experience at Thai Pot. They're quite new, so hopefully business picks up and they stick around for a while.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,1/29/2012,129,217,5,8,5>Come here for a few fresh meats (chix drumstixs, polish sausage, chix breasts).I ALWAYS leave with 2lbs of sauerkraut, whether I'm there to grocery shop or to buy a deli sandwich.  I buy the prepared one behind the counter.  The caraway seeds and other goodums are already mixed in with the cabbage so all you have to do is fry in on the stove top (or microwave it) when you are ready to eat.  The staff behind the counter is SO friendly and is always smiling.  Their produce and deli selection has more variety than most chain stores and cheaper too!  You can get inexpensive Eastern European food and every type of Polish packaged dessert imaginable.Some of the merchandise they sell is a little kitschy, but they do have a wide selection of organic hair and body products (located at the check-out lanes).Breads are good and their Potato Soup is delish!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/28/2012,37,313,5,7,5>I want to give them slightly above 4 stars, but not quite 5 stars.House of Pho is co-owned by business partners from China and Vietnam, so their food is very authentic. I tried a number of dishes here, but first off, the most outstanding thing about this place is the price-to-value relationship. Most of their dishes (for dinner) range from $7 (the Pho) to about $12 (some fancier Chinese style dishes). The portions for the Pho, like other reviewers have wrote about, are HUGE. Most guys that will eat a lot will barely finish. So onto the food...Vietnamese Spring Rolls (4 stars out of 5). They contain three shrimp along with the vermicelli noodles and some vegetables. They are authentic in taste and the peanut sauce that comes along with it is fairly thick but complements the rolls well. Why is it not 5 stars? It's a little bit too chewy. I almost think it's missing something that could make it spectacular, but I don't know what it is.Pho Tai (5 stars out of 5). This was one of the biggest bowls of Pho I've ever had. The broth was truly authentic, tasty, and delicious. The thinly sliced beef that comes in it was fresh and awesome tasting. It came with a huge plate of complimentary sprouts, mint, peppers. The size of it definitely got me going and I downed it pretty fast. It will be tough trying to order something else when I'm here other than this!Hong Kong Style Milk Tea (3 stars out of 5). It's A-OK. But it's not fantastic. I was reading how the way you tell if it's authentic is it's smooth and doesn't taste too creamy. It hits on those two cylinders. I got it warm, but the downside was it wasn't sweet enough for my taste. That's probably my own fault for ordering it. I think it's worth a try but I am not sure who would like it.Service (3.5 stars out of 5). Don't get me wrong, the service isn't bad. It's slightly above average. They are a fairly new restaurant so I'm sure they are still working out a lot of the kinks. I would have preferred they come and check our water levels a bit more (but I was never dry so that was nice). I think they could do a bit more checking on the table. Every now and then, I wanted to ask the owner or waitress something but it was difficult to get their attention. We went during a non-busy dinner hour (around 7-8pm) and they weren't too swamped.Ambiance (4 stars out of 5). There are a lot of tables there and I'm not sure how they fill it all. I get the inclination that they are a lot busier during the lunch hour. But there is a lot of spacing between tables. There is nice music going on in the background. It's a nice place for a big gathering or just for a date.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,1/27/2012,42,39,7,10,5>I was a happy gym goer before my days at Synergy, but quickly got bored with running on a treadmill... when I moved to St. Charles I was looking for a  CrossFit type challenge and experience but couldn't afford the steep price, this was a happy medium. Synergy Kettlebell is really fantastic for those of you who want a guided group resistance class that will kick your butt in a short amount of time. The workouts consist of a stretching and slight aerobic warm up and then you move on to a circuit of ballistic and resistance type moves, generally with kettlebells. I have personally enjoyed the challenge of learning new moves that I never thought I could do (now I can do 11 "real" push ups in a row- not on my knees which is a huge accomplishment!). I also really enjoy the trainers at the St. Charles location who are just the right mix of friendly and a little fierce.  The other people in the class are a range of people at different skill levels but they all are there for the same reason: to get the work done, there are no real slackers here. Overall, I am really pleased with my experience,  but wish there was a little more thought put into the cardio aspect of the daily routines. Some days are action packed as$ kickers where I get my heart rate up while resistance training, other days are more of a general weight training class... I prefer the days when I can get the cardio and resistance in one powerful punch!  (This is just my personal preference however.)The one thing I didn't appreciate was the secrecy of what a membership would cost when I first called to inquire about the program.... I know they're trying to accumulate membership, but at first I thought it was a scam when they asked for my credit card number for my trial membership over the phone.  ...aaannnd the website is a little corny too. (I am totally going to get flack for that! Bring on the burpees, I'm ready!)
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,1/26/2012,127,193,6,6,6>I like the moves.  I like the style.  I like the prices.  What else can I say?It's details, you need?  How about bright, shiny and clean appearance?  How about great deals on deli meats and cheeses, and fresh-baked bakery bread.  Seriously, you can pay $10 for a sub sandwich, chips and at some fancy deli restaurant, or you can pay a few bucks more, and have an entire loaf of bread, and enough fresh deli meat/cheese, trimmings and chips to feed you all week and take your lunch to work.Or, you can step on over to the hot food section and select from any combination of entrees like tacos, tortas, tilapia dinners, and all kinds of hot sides- again, all of which very reasonably priced.It's a shame I gotta head all the way to Villa Park to snag a deal, but it's a trek I'm willing to make for now.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,1/25/2012,151,128,6,9,4>I chose this training facility after an exhausted days-long search on Yelp. It's hard to do a review of a business like this, because so much of your satisfaction and success is all up to you. However, there is a major component at all dog training facilities, and that is the trainer. Of you dog owners out there, have you ever been to a place and the trainer is just....whacked? I've had trainers like that. The last one was an agility class I signed up for, and the woman was like a drill sargeant. Practically screaming at us; and most of the owners had their noses in the air because they thought their dog was best or had so many certificates, etc. It was like a scene from Best in Show. Aren't we supposed to be having fun here, people??The above paragraph is to prepare you for my introduction of JULIE O. at Wiggles and Wags. She is the most down-to-earth, relaxed, funny, motivational kick-ass dog trainer I have ever known. She is so fun to learn from and makes you feel like you can train your dog to do anything. My dog and I had a great outcome from her classes. I had it narrowed down to Wiggles and Wags and another place, so to help me decide, I wanted to watch a class at each place. Julie's facility was the first one I went to. And only. It sealed the deal. She is the best!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,1/24/2012,144,184,7,11,8>Oh my, those are some juicy breasts you have there...get your mind out of the gutter--I'm referring to the broasted chicken breasts LOL.  I have a special place in my heart for mom and pop joints--this place definitely qualifies!  It's in a semi-sketchy looking strip mall next to a liquor store---no seats---only delivery or take out. Like many other fellow Yelpers--no way I would have found this place on my own.I was one of the last orders for the evening, when another customer walked in and asked for BBQ sauce for their order---the woman at the counter said it would be 50 cents for each one----the customer was paying with a check that was already pre-filled---which in it of itself is very rare now a days--but what was even more rare--but very endearing was that the lady at the counter said, "just let me know how many you want and you can pay me back later."  Wow---now I know for sure you can't bust out doing that at KFC.Be sure to order ahead because every order is made fresh---so food isn't sitting there under a heat lamp all day. Also be forewarned---they fry up a bunch of stuff, so as soon as you walk in--it smells like fried food.I bought a 12 piece dinner to take home to the family and the appetizer special.  It's amazing how much they pack into the box--chicken, broasted potatoes, and rolls---yep all in one box.  The appetizer special has fried mozzarella sticks, zucchini, and mushrooms---can't really go wrong with a bunch of fried stuff--the kiddies loved it. Even after a 15-20 minute ride home the chicken was delicious, super juicy and still crispy.  Unfortunately can't say the same for my broasted potatoes--they were on the soft side---I was hoping they would be slightly crispy---but no worries since the chicken was really the star of the show.Can't wait to take a nibble out of another juicy breast!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,1/23/2012,771,552,6,10,6>Hello deliciousness! Mago's spin on Mexican food has made quite an impression on me. From their salsas to their drinks to their desserts, magnificent. The beginning got off to a slow start. The hosts were having some issues. I was sat  and waited about 10 minutes for my friend to show up. That's how long it took the waitress to come to the table. We ordered our drinks, she told us the specials and after that she really picked it up, checking on us quite often, making sure everything was going ok.They serve complimentary chips and salsa. Three different kinds of salsa for all your taste buds to enjoy, my favorite being the green. I ordered the fajita combo Estilo Mago. OMGGGGG it was amazing. Chicken and steak mixed with caramalized onions, poblano peppers and asadero cheese placed in a molcahete (morder) served with tortillas, wow. I also ordered a side of habanero salsa which I minimally used since the fajitas had a great flavor. My friend ordered Carne Asada Tampiqueña, skirt steak marinated with ancho chiles. The enchilada (this one was topped with mole) that's included makes it Tampiqueña style. Both meals came with rice and beans, hers came with poblano mashed potatoes as well.The prices are on the pricey side but I think it was worth it. A very nice addition to the Bolingbrook Promenade.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,1/22/2012,371,418,4,4,5>HELL YES! A bigger badder Two Brothers. Darling, where have you been all my life? Love @ first sight/sniff/slurp? Indeed! The other Two Brothers used to be my go-to spot. they were so awesome though, that word quickly spread and over the last few years Two Brothers BLEW UP! It's been harder and harder to get a seat at the bar at Two Brothers and for a while I was asking myself when they would expand. They finally found the perfect spot to expand to (not only because i live smack between both locations now) but because the location they picked for the new place is remarkable. A true landmark in it's own right, the Roundhouse was the perfect spot! I visited the roundhouse and I was not let down, i experienced the same standard of service and fare as I was used to from years of loyalty to the other location. I'm so stoked for the whole Two Brothers family. Cheers to your new-ish location. I love it!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,1/21/2012,298,465,2,7,5>I brought Fred back here after visiting during a recent Yelp event AND seeing them on Check Please the week before...all signs pointed towards Maya!We got there about a half an hour early for our 8:15 reservation but were seated immediately.  That was a pleasant surprise! =]  Our server was friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu items and was there very quickly to take our order.  We decided to go with a pitcher of the white Sangria, which the waiter said would be sweet and he was right...super sweet...almost too sweet.  We opted for the Sopes Surtidos (the mini sopes, two with guacamole and two with the plaintain/crema/queso fresco topping), trio of ceviches, salad with chipotle vinegarette, roasted mushrooms and feta cheese and the sopa de calabazita (Mexican zucchini soup).  Everything was very tasty and fresh!  The guacamole was outstanding...tasted just like I was at a Mexican BBQ!  The little sopes were the perfect texture and the perfect little raft to get the plantains and guacamole to our mouths!!  And PS...the plantains were sweet perfection!!  The salad was super flavorful and crisp and the ceviche was also on major point!  The only thing lacking was the soup...it was pretty bland compared to everything else.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Latin flavors and a strong drink! =]
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,1/20/2012,357,284,7,9,8>Sometimes I get tired of making every single meal I eat. This past Friday night was one of those times, and since Thai is pretty gluten/grain free already or can easily be modified to be, I decided to check out Bodhi Thai. I'm happy to say this delicious restaurant is just a short drive from my house! The Panang curry was super and since I told them up front that I don't eat rice, they added more squash, veggies and chicken to make up for it, which was yummy and my tummy thanks them so much, seriously, it does. The other awesome  part of the experience was finding out  that they do deliver, so next time I don't feel like cooking, Bohdi Thai will come to my rescue by bringing their delicious food to my doorstep. I can't wait to try more dishes from this place.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,1/19/2012,92,360,4,10,5>So take two for restaurants in this location is Tipsi Monkey, an upscale take on Mexican food. They opened 5 days ago with a splash, so I decided to check it out. The meal opened with freshly baked tortilla chips with a simple salsa. The chips were fantastically crisp, salted just right and not too oily or greasy. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of heat in the salsa, which tasted fresh and had two, possibly three kinds of pepper in it. We kicked off appetizers with spicy coconut shrimp. Tipsi, in general, tries for the "quality over quantity" philosophy of restauranteering, which is how I found out this dish consisted of six breaded shrimp with a side of slaw. The shrimp were excellent, though physically flat, covered in a layer of coconut and set off just right sweet and spicy sauce. The slaw makes a good creamy counterpoint, and it's seasoned and has raisins in it. Next came the soups, which seem to be free with a menu item for now. The tortilla soup shined; brightly acidic, a complex chicken broth heavily steeped in cilantro, and about the only time someone has served raw onions to me without me gagging. Oh, and served with more tortilla chips. The chicken and rice soup was good; a bit heavy on the cilantro and raw onions though. We went with the taco party option, with chorizo/potato and steak as the meats. You get a ton of stuff with it... more raw onions and cilantro, tomatoes and onions, a light sour cream and decent guacamole.The steak was cooked with pineapples, and was nice and tender. As far as I could tell, it had a decent rub on it. The chorizo was perfect with the creamy potatoes. The interior of the restaurant is dark, and filled with monkeys. Not even joking. The scary one is located above the entryway...I was really impressed with this place, and I hope it does well in Bartlett. I definitely would like to try out some desserts, and I'd like to see how the food settles out after a few months.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,1/18/2012,72,277,10,10,8>If you really want to have a laugh at someone else's expense, bring them to Brown Cow and have them order a double scoop on a cone.  And then watch their shock and awe as they receive about a gallon of ice cream on a teeny leetle cone.  Grab a bib folks, because they don't mess around.At first, their ice cream tasted odd to me...it was creamier, sweeter, and heavier than what I'm used to, but that's because it's homemade.  This is what ice cream is supposed to taste like when it's not pre-packaged and blown up with cost-saving, volumizing air.  Makes me wish I were 5 again so I could demand an ice cream cake party in their back room.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/17/2012,154,291,4,7,5>Finally a Bar (sort of) in Downtown La Grange!! As soon as I found out that there was a bar (with tons of tv's to watch the games)...I knew I had to check it out. So of course we went on their first Friday evening/night. We got there just in time to get the last two seats by the bar...Right after we were seated the place got packed....The place looks great...clean and trendy atmosphere...much nicer than most bars or "pubs". They had the games on and music but it wasn't too loud. The beer list is long and they were nice enough to give us a sample of two beers. Our waiter warned us that the food was a tapas style so that we would get our plates whenever they were done...we were not going to get all our plates at the same time....which I thought was nice "warning". The french fries & the aoili sauce were very good...along with the nachos. I was told that the porkbelly sandwich was absolutely delicious. Everyone around us also seemed to be enjoying the food. The beer prices were average....and we had friendly waiter....The only downfall is that my drink was over priced...I never spent that much on a bloody mary before. Next time I will just order beer. :-)This place could definitely be my new neighborhood hangout!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,1/16/2012,99,760,4,10,6>I finally made it to Gaetano's, after hearing much about it from friends, seeing it in Yelp emails, and even having to cancel once. But I'm so glad I made it. I went with two others, and we ordered the "three course" chef's menu, which is served family style for the appropriate number of diners. Note the quotes around "Three Course." Of note, the chef's menu is completely free form, they just check to see if you have any dislikes (such as raw food) or allergies (like shellfish, etc) and then it's all just an avalanche of deliciousness.We had (deep breath):-- sliced beet, mache, and goat cheese salad-- raw tuna carpaccio with mango, hearts of palm, cherry tomatoes, and some other things I forget-- cocoa dusted seared scallops in cauliflower puree-- crab cakes in a spicy tomato sauce-- beef and chorizo stuffed beets in coconut tomato cream sauce-- seared kobe beef carpaccio with garlic bread-- pork ribs poached in orange water with a honey chipotle glaze-- house made (or at least it seemed like it) pasta in a butter parmesan sauce with black truffles-- a shot glass of butternut squash soup with chile and cilantro oil-- a dessert trio of hazelnut gelatto, tiramisu, and panna cota bread puddingSo yeah. "Three" courses. Whatever. I'm glad that I went along with my friends when they said the "Four" course meal made them uncomfortably full. To hit some highlights:The starters (beet salad and tuna carpaccio) were both good, but not really exceptional. I liked the goat cheese with the greens in the beet salad, but I'm not a huge beet fan. And the tuna was tasty, but like I said, nothing remarkable. But this is where the "not remarkable" ends.I would never think to dust scallops with cocoa, but that dark, rich flavor with the sweet cauliflower and the scallops was an unexpectedly good combo. Wished I could have had more of these, but that's OK, since we moved on to crab cakes which were, as I would prefer, long on crab and short on binder. I'm not a huge fan of tomato sauces for seafood, but in this case, it was great. tangy and spicy to offset the rich crab meat.Coconut tomato cream was a great mild sauce for the awesome beef and chorizo stuffed dates, which may have also had a little more date in the stuffing, as I've had something similar to this where the dates got lost, but they were very much as part of the flavor here, which I liked. The beef carpaccio had good beef flavor, and was fun to try and wrap around the little garlic bread sticks we were given. And ribs? At an Italian place? Well, it's kind of Italian fusion, and these were nicely done, with a crispy glazed skin and definite orange flavor from the poaching. A surprisingly good dish.And...oh, man...The one two punch of the pasta and the soup were maybe the best parts of the meal. Perfect al dente pasta swimming in the richest butter cheese sauce you can imagine, and topped with a huge dusting of freshly shaved truffles. Nothing went to waste here. Simple but spectacular. And the little shot glass of soup - I mixed the oils in with a knife, and tried to drink it...and then when I had drunk all I could, I scooped the last bits out with my silverware. Thank god this is on the menu because I am getting it every single time I come back. Great sweet and salty balance, rich and creamy, perfect cold weather food. Cripes.Then, just as we were getting full on the 8th of our 3 courses, dessert. All good - gelatto wasn't iced, tiramisu was dark with plenty of cocoa and coffee flavor, and the bread pudding was topped with chocolate sauce...how can you go wrong.Throughout the meal, our service was very good. Wait staff were attentive, explained every dish to us, checked in without being smothering. No complaints. And it was even half price wine night (every Monday, it seems). They'll let you take the rest of the bottle home if you don't finish, so it's a nice way to try things. I did not partake, but someone who was already on Christmas vacation did.Finally, the price is downright reasonable for the quantity and quality of food we were served. This would have been easily double the price if we'd eaten it downtown. One of my friends had even been told by the chef that the whole reason this restaurant was in the suburbs was to keep cost down. Not sure if it's the real reason or not, but it's working. This is a really, really solid 4-star, a 4.5, really, and that's completely ignoring what looks to be an excellent menu with mostly $10-25 entrees, which if they're as good as some of what we had, are a *steal*. Now to convince everyone I know to come back and enjoy this place with me.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,1/15/2012,428,1216,5,6,6>Sushi places are so hard to review...In the midwest, this is five-star.  On the west coast, probably four-star.  In any case...I've just had one meal (so far - I will definitely return, if I'm in the area).  During my first visit to a sushi place, I always go for chef's choice sushi.  I did so, and added a tuna roll, given that I hadn't eaten much that day.  The sushi pieces were delectable.  Melt-in-your-mouth fresh and delicious.  They start you with miso, a small salad, and an amuse bousche, and they finish with fresh fruit for dessert.  What happens in between is all about fresh fish, done with an experienced hand.The room is very comfortable, just slightly trendy.  The service was terrific.  I don't have my own chopsticks, but they will store yours for you.So...Chicago-area sushi.  It's down to Nikko and Kinu (Evanston) as my recommendations for best in the area.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,1/14/2012,213,305,14,11,9>I love youA bushel and a peckA bushel and a peck and a hug around the neckHug around the neck and a barrel and a heapA barrel and a heap and I'm talkin' in my sleep about yooouuuuuAbout yoooouuuuuuuuuA classic song from "Guys & Dolls"?  Well, yes, but it's also the name of the burger that stole my heart.  "Bushel and a Peck" burger, I'm talkin' in my sleep about yoooouuuuu.After sampling the heart-stoppingly awesome "Ampersand" burger at the Tom & Eddie's Yelp Event in Geneva, I knew a return visit to Tom & Eddie's was in order.  Gourmet burgers, get in my belly!  I was excited to try the aforementioned "Bushel and a Peck" burger: a juicy patty topped with caramelized onions, Granny Smith apple slices, melted Brie, and creamy walnut butter.  The result was a sweet (but not TOO sweet) meaty treat.  It can't be beat; nothing else can compete!  After I finished, I was replete!...Also, it was good to eat.Whoa, did things just get weird?  I guess that happens when my mind is consumed with memories of that dreamy burger.  I'll just be another few minutes, don't mind me.  You can let yourself out.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,1/13/2012,273,603,8,10,7>Sooooo good!  After lunch today, my sister and I were chatting about trying a new bakery.  I checked out Yelp and found Cookies Fresco.  I would have never wandered in here without Yelp.  They are located at the back of the building, so I wouldn't have known that they were there without directions.  But, the parking is plentiful and the shop is well-marked.The staff is lovely.  Everyone was sweet and nice.  Just the way a 'bakery lady' should be.  We tried a ricotta lemon cookie - yummy!  Then, we picked out a foccacia, lots of cookies, a frosted Halloween brownie and a pumpkin cream cheese mini-cake.  I don't even like pumpkin flavored anything and that was gone before we pulled out of the parking lot!  My hubby loved the chocolate chip cookies.  I am about to break into the brownie and I have no reason to believe that it will be anything other than wonderful.  The prices were fair and there were a lot of options.  They even had more customers than I would have expected based on their less than stellar location behind the shopping center.  We will absolutely visit again soon!  I want to try a zeppole and a cannoli soon.  :-)
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,1/12/2012,223,313,5,11,7>When you walk into Emmett's, the first thing you'll see is their brewing tanks.  The restaurant is to the left and the bar is to the right.  I've always just gone to the bar for some good beer and food, as there's plenty of comfy booth/high table seating and the full menu is available.All of their brews are great, but my recent favorite is their Hefeweizen.  It's very smooth and has a hint of banana. Smells good and tastes great.  They also have daily specials and Thursdays are great, since they have half price pitchers at about $7.  Plus you can grab a six-pack of their brews if you're a fan.The food is good and they have some solid burgers.  The beef patties have a nice charred crust and are super juicy.  Actually I think I always just get a burger and beer.The service can be hit or miss, as some of the servers are excellent and others not so much.  But that much I can deal with since they have some great beer!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,1/11/2012,71,110,6,11,11>The 'hood needs a place like this. In the land of Yorktown, there are some great places, mostly chains, but nothing truly special. I was very excited to see something different open in this location and overjoyed to taste how delish it was. Everything we had (and we had alot!) was perfect - because they use local ingredients, the intention is the menu to change based on what's available. The one note to make is that the pork chop came to our table a bit too rare, so make sure you request it cooked medium/medium well.The hurricanes were tasty, a must have if you are going to enjoy a true taste of New Orleans. Save room for the dessert, they had a s'mores bread pudding that knocked my socks off. Again, I'm so glad to live so close to this gem. I cant wait to go back!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,1/10/2012,50,42,5,9,7>I love Grocery Stores. I love great selection. Therefore, I love Valli.There is no other place I go to shop for my food. Not only do they have every piece of produce I could possibly want, they have it it at great prices. When I am missing Vietnam, I go to Valli and pick up Longan Fruit. Bam! Instantly transported back to the Mekong Delta. Lemongrass - they got it. Banana flower - check. But I don't want this to sound like they only have exotic fruits -  I also go to Valli when collecting apples for apple pie and the ingredients for a most epic salad. Also, the produce section is SO COLORFUL. And I've never come across waxed produce to make it look shiny. It's just awesome all on it's own.Valli also has a great selection of bulk foods. One could create a very awesome trail mix by pursuing the this section. As well as stock up on oatmeal and lentils or various flavors yogurt pretzels and sesame sticks. Valli has their foods in aisles by the culture to which they belong. (Being Mexican and Polish I am happy to see both of my ethnicities well represented!)  So I like to spend some time learning about different cultures. I will say that this makes it a little difficult to find some things, but when in doubt -ask.Another plus - great selection of gelato in the frozen section.Going to Valli has been one of the best decisions of my life. I always smile when I can leave the store with food to make a meal for 4 to 6 people for less than $12.  Also, I have increased my veggie and fruit intake due to the great selection at Valli! I'm there at least once a week - at least. And I have convinced my family and friends to shop there as well. Come on and join the club! :) Pro Tip: make sure you check the wall on the left side as you walk in the store. They usually have some really great sales there. For example, bottles of Mexican Coke - 10 for $1. Valli it up!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,1/9/2012,341,162,14,10,11>To the terrorist that would rob a HAUNTED HOUSE: I want to thank you and simultaneously hang you by your bean bags from a tree infested with fire ants while Justin Bieber sings you his entire discography.While I think you are awful human beings for stealing money from a business dedicated to entertaining people.  One that needs that money to operate the following year.  If it wasn't for you though, we would never have known Nightmare Before Christmas- Christmas Haunted House. I make it a goal to hit up the Haunted House circuit every year.  It's all that keeps me waking up every morning.  Well, other than beer.  When I heard about Dream Reapers misfortune and how they were doing a Christmas haunted house to make up for stolen funds, I canceled my Grandmas 100th birthday party post haste.  Kidding.  It wasn't my Grandmas birthday, but nothing was going to keep me from making it to some Satan Klaus fun.Once you hit the parking lot the action begins.  Giant bloody snowmen line the walkway while actors draw you in donning some of the best makeup and wardrobe I have ever seen.  Never breaking character, these people are professionals who really take it seriously.  From the way they walked down to the noises they made.  Perfection!  There was no line, so while we waited for the rest of our group to arrive we chatted up the ticket booth employees.  While they seemed bummed by the reason behind the December edition, they were more than friendly and in high hopes they could earn the money back.The actual haunted house was amazing!!  I was totally impressed just thinking what must have gone into a transformation of this magnitude in under 2 months.  Each turn brought you into a new themed room complete with smells of candy canes, pine, and ginger bread.So much fun and well produced.  Even an opportunity to get a photo with Satan Klaus for $10!  We went on the last day and they ran out of ink for the photos.  They gave us our money back and still emailed us the original high rez of our photo!  Things heard while there:"I was sodomized!..  By a mall Santa!!""You just got scared by an eight year old!""Wanna play with my chestnuts?"Yep.  Awesome.I hope they made enough money to stay open.  I will definitely be back in October for the regular season.  They should do a double season every year!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,1/8/2012,288,304,7,8,7>So, a dear friend and I decided to meet for lunch. She was craving a burger and after reading how Labriola had a burger that rivaled that of Kuma's...we decided to check it out. The fact that we could get gelato and/or macarons played no factor in our decision either...none at all :) I had never been here. I always thought it was just a bakery...it is that and then some. It's a "Corner Bakery" type establishment where you place your order at the counter and are given a number to display at your table. It was bustling this afternoon and we were ushered over to a table by the dessert cases...  side note: save room for dessert. My friend got the Richie burger while I went for the Maytag blue cheese burger....both were served on pretzels buns. Love this! I have to say, the burger was pretty damn good. My burger was juicy and cooked to perfection and the toppings were outstanding. They give you a mountain of fries. I'm not normally a fan of shoestring fries but I can totally make an exception for Labriola. The fries were the bomb. I sampled some decadent gelato and might also be guilty of getting some dessert to go....none of them disappointed. The cupcakes not only looked amazing but tasted amazing too. There were a couple hiccups with service. We were asked if we could switch to another table to accommodate a larger party...not a big deal.  We were seated closer to the dessert case..score! We wished they had arranged the tables for the large party so that they weren't practically all in our bizness. Secondly, my friend ordered her burger well done. It was not well done - it was more like rare - medium rare. It was corrected. When our experience was all said and done - we both agreed that the  burgers were great. We'll be back!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,1/7/2012,294,135,14,8,8>Lovely: What can we do for you today, Mr Beautiful?Mr Beautiful: Not much. Just a little manscaping.Lovely: Wax?Mr Beautiful: No, thanks. I don't mess with waxing. I'm all about the threading.Lovely: Excellent choice, Mr Beautiful.I stopped in here because I was in the area and, well, I'm not gonna lie, but the main reason was because the name had "boob" in it.Anyway, I've said this before and I'll say it again... and again. I highly recommend that you look for places that have someone from the Desi crowd to thread your eyebrows or your anything, for that matter. These lovelies know what they're doing. ;-)Fast, very friendly service, and excellent threading skills, as well as other services at good prices earns a solid 4 star rating... for now. I'll give them a full on 5 star rating when they build a teleportation pad from my front door to their front door.Mahboob gets the official Mr Beautiful stamp of approval.I'll definitely be showing my beautiful face here the next time I'm in the area.Holla!!!™
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,1/6/2012,151,667,5,5,3>As no doubt my fellow Yelpers have experienced, going to the movies these days isn't exactly a cheap night on the town. As a lifelong bargain hunter, I'm always looking for ways to stretch a dollar without sacrificing quality. For $1.75, you can not beat the value versus cost proposition of Picture Show. The sound, picture quality and cleanliness of the theaters are above expectations. My only ding of a star is that the seats are not as comfortable as Cinemark or AMC. Nonetheless, they aren't painful either, so you can still sit an enjoy your movie without feeling like you were robbed.The selection of the titles that they run rotate much slower than that of a major chain. That's okay for me, as I'm not a regular movie-goer in the first place. Just check their website from time to time to find updates on the flicks and you'll be surprised to find that original-run film that you missed here for a lot less.Highly recommended.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,1/5/2012,43,79,5,8,3>Move over cracker barrel, Harners has all the country cooking you need, plus awesome BBQ and a bakery!  Every time I have visited Harner's, it has been with a large group of family members and they have always been able to accommodate us with excellent service.  Everything I try, I love.  I have had the country fried steak, the pulled pork sandwich, fish, and much more. The soup/salad bar is excellent, and this last visit they had a cream of turkey soup that was out of this world, just amazing.  Even the bread basket that comes with your meal is awesome. It was hard not to fill up on their bread alone.  During the week,  they have daily specials, and I am dying to try their pig roast they have once a month.  Do your self a favor and come try this place!  When you get here, I am sure you will find it as hard as I do to decide what to eat next.  Of course, before you leave, stop at the bakery for some dessert!  We are still finishing the apple pie we bought.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,1/4/2012,168,718,5,8,7>Oh. My. Gosh the deep dish!!Oh. My. Gosh the ingredients!!Oh. My. Gosh, the deliciousness!!Being on a pizza kick lately, I thought it was only necessary for my friends and I to order take out from Georgio's for our date.  Only two out of the six of us have ever had their pizza, and I can pretty much guarantee we will be back again and again!We got the Papa Georgio Deep Dish Pizza, a cheese deep dish, and the gluten free with sausage.  BTW, mad props to Georgio's for making that a possibility for our gluten-free friends!But that being said, I didn't try the gluten free pizza--there was no need since everything I could ever want/ask for/dream of for a pizza was sitting there right in front of me within the confines of the Papa georgio.  There wasn't an ingredient on that mound of deliciousness that wasn't fresh, hot, and amazing to my tastebuds.I had a bit of the cheese deep dish, and although it was very delicious, nothing holds a candle to the Papa Georgio.  And I doubt anything from there ever will.  But I am determined to try!!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,1/3/2012,58,156,9,9,10>So I finally got around to checking out this enchanted castle of Beers that actually exists in the suburbs and my only regret is that I did not check it out sooner! The #1 thing I like about this place is they're really customer focused, from the voting for beers with marbles in the front entrance to the board games and Wii it's clear they want you to come in, have a seat with friends, enjoy some good beer, and eat some fresh food.  You get the feeling that customer suggestions here are really implemented, and that keeps things fresh and exciting.  This place obviously caters to those that love craft beer and HOPS, however on our recent trip to BigBy's our friend was not so much into them, Ed (the owner) explained a few different styles of beers and offered several samples  to our friend who ultimately was sold on Hobgoblin and proceeded to order a few more.  Point being you don't have to be a beer snob to enjoy this place, however respect for a quality product has to be observed by all whom enter.   Places like this are good for the craft beer industry and hopefully we converted our friend from the standard beers that the vast majority of the population drinks.  While I don't think they have a functional website they do update their menu on a website (beermenus.com/places/119…).  As for food they have access to Mario's deli so that means fresh ingredients!  The style of food is defiantly small plate oriented which works perfect for a place like this.  They have a few different Pizza's and flatbreads which I can only comment on 1 the "Latin Lovers" Pizza which is actually a chorizo pizza with cilantro.  It really paired well with the beers!  Overall BigBy's is in 7 words, Best Awesome Beer Bar in the Burbs!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,1/2/2012,122,412,7,9,7>There's nothing like Indian food for healthy eating with exotic tastes. You can never get bored with their myriad menu options, and Kama Bistro is no different.We came here with some friends on a lovely late summer evening, which made our outdoor table a perfect choice to enjoy the breezes and cute downtown ambience. The inside is small but cutely done.Drinks are fabulous - lots of interesting cocktail creations that you won't see at many other Indian restaurants except perhaps Vermillion.The food was really good. Lots of great, flavorful vegetarian options to choose from, or if you are into your meat, you'll find a lot of delicious entrees that will please. We shared a biryani and my favorite aloo gobi, which was delicious. My friend got the Egyptian baby okra which was tender and delicious.We'll be back here often! Great find close to home.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,1/1/2012,31,287,7,7,7>This is the best place for pho in Chicago, period. Bold words since Viet Town is 30 miles from this place but it's no joke. With pho, it's all about the broth and Pho Ha's is number one - pho real. To start, the broth is a true consommé which is clear and flavorful. It requires additional steps and takes a lot of time but at Pho Ha, it's done perfectly right. Once you taste it, you'll be taken away by the intensity of flavor. The broth has a clean flavor that isn't oily at all. At some places, you'll see oil on the surface of the broth which isn't appetizing. There are also other items on the menu that don't require broth and are my favorite dishes to order. My favorite is the egg noodle with shrimp, BBQ pork, and fish cake. I order this dry with soup on the side - it's similar to a traditional Thai bamee dish that I would eat in Thailand. Don't forget the spring rolls and bahn mi sandwiches. The spring rolls always taste fresh and come with a peanut sauce for dipping. There is a limited selection of bahn mi sandwiches but for only $3, I end up getting two anyways. The prices are inexpensive and for the quality, you will keep coming back for more - pho sure.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,12/31/2011,73,255,6,7,7>The reviews on this don't lie. This place is awesome.Kidless this week, we decided to go out and have a few drinks. I'd seen the reviews on Dino's and was in the mood for some good bar food so we came here on Tuesday night. Walking in, the place seemed empty (there are tables, and the bar) and I was wondering if maybe I'd made a mistake. We sat down at the bar and were greeted by  Lauren, who asked us what our names were -- and called us by name for the rest of the night. Drinks were just fine.The tvs are perfectly tweaked and the sound system in this place is outstanding. This is also probably the cleanest bar (including bathrooms) that I have EVER been in. Food:We started off with the Buffalo Wings, medium heat. They were huge, not greasy -- the skin was crunchy and the inside was perfect. They were great. Burgers, as usual (and I'm adding this to my burger list) I had the Bacon Cheeseburger. These bad boys are 3/4 of a pound. For me, they were a bit large...but, they tasted great. The pretzel roll is a bonus. It was cooked perfectly. So juicy.  Husband had the Juan something or other burger. He enjoyed it as well.Long story short, we liked this place so much that we came back again Wednesday to watch the game. This time, there were definitely more people. And Dino was in the building. He's awesome -- and same as Lauren -- called us by our names all night. (It's the little things, you know?)  The music was going this time, and like I said, the sound system is great. The music choices were perfect. All in all I am kicking myself for not trying this place sooner. We will be back for sure.Edited to add: This place also has breakfast all day!!!! YES!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,12/30/2011,81,277,6,6,6>Today I stopped into NRC on a mission to find a specific running bra I have already fallen in love with. When I first arrived, it seemed a little stiff and unfriendly because the two people working on the floor were 100% focused on finding shoes for the two people already in the store. Even though we walked right by them, the eye contact was not broken on the sale in front of them. After another minute of looking around my opinion changed. From some back room or corner of the store, twice as many employees appeared and greeted me with a kind and gentle smile and offer to assist. Ah, that's the service I was hoping to find in a specialty store such as this. I mean, if I am going to ask about running bras, sizing, and a room to try all this on, I hope to have someone warm to help me out.I didn't take any help other than a fitting room at first. Later I realized the store did not have the size I was looking for and one of the girls working had no problem with ordering them in and calling me when they arrived. She joked around with me and gave me a few tid bits about what she had learned this past week in a presentation from the company I was buying a bra from. What a nice ending to my stop into NRC. When they call me in 7-10 business days, I will look forward to heading back in.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,12/29/2011,45,228,4,6,5>I think I've found my new coffee shop! :)Back in the day, I used to go the Ragamuffin which was located by river in down town St. Charles. But after that closed a number of years ago, I was only left with chains around the area. Now returning to St. Charles after a few years, I'm very happy to have found Arcedium. Friendly people, great drinks, and a cool inside (I love the wrap around counter- it's super spacious and its a fun and stylish fixture. I also like the local art around the shop). I recommend the arctic monkey? haha I'm not sure what it was called but it sure was delicious. It definitely had mocha, peanut butter, and bananas. I also had a blueberry crumble slice and tasted their key lime bar. They were fine but my drink out sung both them. I'm just really excited to try the rest of their coffee and I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,12/28/2011,116,200,6,7,7>This will be short and sweet. Yu's is absurdly good for one reason: Peking Noodles. At the other Chinese joints I've gotten them from, they're called chachiang mein but however you cut it, it's the same dish. Dense noodles with a velvety bean, pork, shrimp and onion sauce draped over. The fact that I can get it so close to home makes me deliriously happy. The only other dish I've had from Yu's are the eggrolls and those were fine, but the real show stopper is the Peking Noodle. I've heard rumors that dining in is a treat, I wouldn't know. I walk in, get my noodles and head home to noisily devour them. The food is fresh and fast and delicious. Yu's is amazing and you owe it to yourself to go.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,12/27/2011,38,95,7,8,5>OK, OK, OK........Add me to the list of 119 other Yelpers who liked this place.The food, both salad bar and the endless meat parade  was very, very good. Service was top notch all the way. Everyone working there was friendly and seemed to actually enjoy their jobs. A big plus.The gaucho's remembered what you liked, how you liked it done, and accomodated all in a friendly, efficient manner. When we were taking a break to resurface for air, a gaucho asked us if we were waiting for anything in particular and to tell him and he would send it over.Nice.My favorites were the house specialty, the Picanha and the Garlic Filet and the Rib-Eye and the Pork ribs, and all of the other kazillion meats that they kept bringing over and over until I cried "Uncle" and flipped the card to red. No Mas!  Really, all of the meats were good.I have been to quite a few Brazilian steakhouses (even the one that occupied this space previously) and have to place this one at the top. I think it may be due to the outstanding service level. It matters.I have been low-carbing it for awhile (pants were getting way too tight) so my reviews have been sparse because I have been visiting previous haunts. However, I broke out the keyboard for Chama Gaucha. I really enjoyed it and it was a low carb dream match.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,12/26/2011,35,98,7,8,6>I had always heard of Adagio Teas but never tried it until recently. I was impressed just by walking in, the walls are lined with tea in canisters and bags. You can actually SMELL the tea too, which is a big thing for me since some OTHER tea places don't allow you to fondle your own teas. They are also nicely categorized by type of tea, green, black, you get the idea. The best part of this place though? They sell sample size bags, amazing! You aren't stuck buying pounds of tea that tastes like moldy grass that you spent a small fortune on! I limited myself to 3 sample bags but could have easily gone for more, in fact I have a to try list after my little excursion. The staff is also very helpful and extremely knowledgeable. I got a tea tasting as well by a new employee. He was nice and enthusiastic even if he did make a huge mess. It was a great way to learn more about the teas, and even though I don't think his managers were happy with his performance (based on the glares in his direction) I think he did awesome for his first day and definitely helped me out. So no complaints here! I will definitely be coming back here for my tea fix, you can't go wrong with this place. If you like tea you're sure to find something you like.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,12/25/2011,75,174,4,6,7>Seriously, burgers have really evolved in recent years. So much about this place seems "just right". By no means does "just right" mean this hot spot is average, but in the sense that it really hits the bulls eye in a multitude of ways. 1. The service. I walk in and the server greets us, he gives us great advice on what's good (everything), but he is able to describe in detail how flavors mesh well together and such. What I also like about the waiter is how he stands by the products. He even shook our hands as we left. 2. The menus. Easy to read, food items are well-described in as few words as possible. This is great because it allows me to save my limited brain power to take in all the flavors. 3. The beer! There are so many choices!! 4. The food! So many good flavors coming together and dancing in your mouth. It almost felt utopian. The servings first looked a bit on the small side for a professional fatty like me, but while consuming the lamb burger with my amish blue and bacon fries, I realized that it is just the perfect size. 5. The environment! It is dimly light, classy and visually stimulating, but not overboard.  So I recommend the #11, which consists of grass-fed lamb, feta, olive tapenade, greek salad and tzatziki. Definitely got in touch with my Greek side that night. The tzatziki made a presence that was not over or underwhelming at the same time. The amish blue and bacon fries were definitely very gourmet. The bleu cheese was a bit much for me but it was worth a shot. I love how burgers are a work of art instead of something that just flies down the assembly line in America's kitchens. Life is short, so do not waste it eating bad food. Cheers.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,12/24/2011,646,300,9,11,9>KABABS are the KA-BOMB! Yes I said it. The Chicken Breast Kabob plate char-grilled white meat is so tender and juicy you would want to stop time to savor every bite. I didn't realize it came with 2 sides until the cashier mentioned it. The basmati rice is great and traditional however their homemade fries is what stood out. Crispy chip like homemade fries lightly salted was a great side to dip into the tahini sauce.OMG! The pita bread is in a class of its own, seriously fluffy and soft. My meal and drink with tax was just under $16, but I know I indulged in quality and that is what matters most.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,12/23/2011,44,130,6,8,5>Let me be frank: I don't wear jewelry. Unless you count my glasses.So when it came time to plan out my Christmas shopping and I settled on building a Pandora bracelet for my mom, I was less than lost. I was utterly hopeless. Asking me to buy jewelry is a lot like asking a hamster to do your taxes: my big, pitiful eyes will be fixed in abject terror. And maybe my pencil gets a little chewed up.Luckily, Bella Cosa had a special section set aside just for Pandora so I knew right where to go. A lovely saleswoman took the time to explain how the jewelry works. Poor clueless me thought I could just buy a bracelet and a charm and be done, but she helped me understand I also needed clips to hold the beads in place. When I asked if I could buy a catalog, she told me I could just take it! (Counter that to my experience at an online store, which wanted to charge me $5 for a jewelry box and $6.95 for a catalog!)She must've sensed my nerves, because she even told me an adorable little story about a You Tube video she'd watched earlier in the day to make me laugh and hep put me at ease. And when the transaction was complete, she took the time to gift wrap my presents. She even gave me a beautiful free ornament!I may do every other bit of my Christmas shopping on the internet, but for jewelry, I'm so glad I went here.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,12/22/2011,93,61,6,8,4>I decided to go to this place for 1 reason... Jelena told me to! I must say, I'm glad I did.. I took my wife here one night for a great steak dinner. We've dined at our fare share of steakhouses and are quite picky when it comes to food/service/ambiance.. I must say, they knocked it out of the park on all levels.. To start off, we were greeted by fellow yelp'r and GM Andy-John. He assured us this would be an experience to remember. As we entered the dining room we were greeted with contemporary decor and a cityscape wall design. Private booths lined the walls and waiters in white coats were a nice touch! Our server was very knowledgeable and brought us a tray of each cut of meat for us to choose from.. We started with the Thai Buffalo Shrimp per Jelena's recommendation and was not disappointed.. For the main course, my wife had the fillet medallions and I had the rib eye with a maple horseradish crust.. WOW! Both were spectacular.. The side dishes are family style so you only need to order 1 to share. The steaks were done perfectly and the wait staff were very attentive. For desert we split the creme brulee which was excellent as well.. When all was said and done, we were greatly impressed with our dining experience.. Only thing to add would be for wheelbarrows to wheel us back out to our car. Thank you Andy-John, we look forward to seeing you again!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,12/21/2011,193,375,5,7,5>Sub T will always be one of my fav stops in Forest Park. The staff is friendly, and the expansive menu is just oh so good (and not just for late night drunk food).  I still have yet to find subs like this in the far west burbs. The bread is soft, the mayo is thick, and I'm getting really hungry just writing about them. You can't stop at Sub T without getting an order of BG Fries, it's like a sin. French fries soaked in a garlic butter (thus, butter garlic fries).  They are amazing and you'll always want more.  Haven't found anywhere else that makes anything like them. And I've looked!  Just be sure if you're on a date that they eat some, too. If you both have bg fry breath, it's not so bad. If it's just you, your date may be shoveling a full tin of altoids in your mouth. p.s. there's no public bathroom here. and be careful in the tiny, oddly-shaped parking lot.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,12/20/2011,283,456,9,12,9>Looks to me just by glancing at the star ratings on the other reviews for this place that you either have a spectacular experience or  a disappointed one....I think ours was up there, not fan-ta-bu-lous but pretty darn good.Do you like apples? ....I mean egg rolls!! Do you like egg rolls? They make one of  the best egg rolls I have ever had. They are up there with New Star. We did the dinner for two this past weekend on Friday night. They allowed us to make one substitution. Love it!! We swapped out the S&S Chicken for a Sesame Chicken. The dinner includes a soup for each of you, egg drop or won ton, and we got one of each. It was very good, served nice and hot, just the way Chinese soup is intended to be served. It also includes an egg roll and a BBQ rib for each person. You get beef and broccoli and S&S chicken as your entrees. Again, we swapped the S&S Chicken out for the Sesame and both were very good. The beef and broccoli was more for the fiance, and the sesame chicken was more for me. It also came with some pork fried rice which was pretty good. It was a happening social environment which was surprising for a Chinese restaurant, but hey, good food and downtown Palatine, you can't be too surprised.We'll be back...next time, I'm trying something different and definitely getting my egg rolls!!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,12/19/2011,33,144,7,8,7>I have no idea how I haven't already reviewed Christy's yet, but the word needs to be spread about them.  This place is a fantastic little gem of a diner.The menu, both for breakfast and lunch/dinner is pretty expansive.  It's one of those Greek style places that tries to cater to absolutely everyone with everything from American standards to more traditional Greek fare to Mexican... really?  It's mostly successful in that regard.  That "mostly" isn't a problem because the things they get right are so damn good, the lesser items on the menu really don't matter.Breakfast there is all about fluffy.  Fluffy pancakes, fluffy omelets, delicious meats to go with them.  Lunch and dinner is done in that Greek family restaurant style where your meal includes soup and a basket of bread and crackers.  The soup there is always absolutely delicious.  Especially their cream soups.  Just awesome.The dinners themselves, I'm partial to their sandwiches.  They have really good burgers, a great club on toasty bread, excellent pitas if you're in the mood for a gyro.  Hard to go wrong in that regard.The ambiance of the place is definitely "local diner."  If you're looking for a place to spread out, this isn't it.  It's small, but with that cozy hometown kinda feel.  The service is absolutely always friendly.  Just a lot of great people.  And they love the people that come a lot and will give you a card that gives you a free tenth meal after buying nine.  I've harped on and on about homogenization before so it's great to see a place that isn't trying to fancy it up or get trendy.  They know what works, good food, great service, and low prices.  Christy's is absolutely wondering for a quick meal down the street.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/18/2011,157,219,8,8,7>I was just thinking about the first time I sat down in Sal's Pizza Pub with my best friend from college. I had walked in here once or twice as a kid with my parents to pick up a pizza, but other than that, never ventured over until well after my college graduation... Cue first real visit. Cold Beer, Great Service, and Tasty food...the nachos weren't my fave (and still aren't) but the pizza---OH MAN---the pizza. Yum Yum Yum. I felt like I was home, but still a stranger in this new bar.Fast forward about 5 years (now), and I walk into the place, and it really is like walking into my home. The bouncer knows me, even if it's been a few months since my last visit. The owners/bartenders (Sal and Danny) smile in my direction and almost always remember that I drink vodka and club soda. The stellar superstar server Ryan always remembers my drink it feels like I'm getting drinks from old friends. There's always someone I know, so I never feel like I'm drinking alone at this place. But typically, it's loaded up with pals that I've met along the way. Make sure to check this place out during karaoke night (Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday) for a show you won't want to miss. Thursday is the Q & A session with Quinn and Adam. Let's just say, you won't have a more interesting night than one watching these two showmen rock out with their...well maybe not...but you get the gist. Trust me when I say this is the place to be.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,12/17/2011,178,231,4,8,4>I TRIED- Fresh Spring Rolls (5/10)- Crab Wheel (3/10)- Tom Yum (9/10)- Tom Kha (9/10)- Panang Curry (10/10)- Spicy Combination Seafood (6/10)In college, some friends introduced me to Pad Thai and Pad Seeyou. I fell in love instantly! I then considered myself a Thai expert just because I've had those 2 noodle dishes with each of the 4 meats (beef, chicken, pork, and shrimp). Then one day, on a business trip, I tried Pok Pok in Portland and had the Boar Collar dish they have and instantly realized, I knew jack about Thai! So one day, a buddy and I were wondering what to eat, and I suggested Thai, and Dan Thai just happened to be the place closest to us!The place is in the middle of a strip mall. The location of the strip mall is fairly premium, it's near a big intersection, but I don't think I've ever come into this strip mall my entire life, and I live less than 3 miles from it! The inside is pretty standard to most Thai places I've been to. It has a fairly decent number of tables, and it's usually been quiet when I've gone, which is either later at night or late lunch on the weekends.SPRING ROLLS & CRAB WHEELWell the fresh spring rolls are like everybody's fresh spring rolls. Nothing unique about these. The Crab Wheels are supposed to be crab in "garlic pepper seasoning fried and served with sweet chili sauce," but that's not what I tasted. It just tasted like 1/3 of an imitation crab roll, breaded and fried. Taste was kinda funky by itself. The sauce was really good and helped, but wasn't anything I'd order again.TOM YUM/KHAI order my Tom Khas and Tom Yums extra spicy. I've had both of these and they are both excellent. Perfect ratio of mushrooms and meat. I consider ginger to be a landmine in Thai soups, but although they are present, I didn't have to be as careful as I had to be in other places. I don't know what it is that I've had at other places, but they have this skin of some vegetable (looks like a green onion) but it feels like a plastic straw that I can't chew. They didn't have that either, so I could peacefully drink my soup.PENANG CURRYWith Dan Thai being a random restaurant in a strip mall in Schaumburg, I was expecting that whatever I have here, there'll be tons of other Thai places that are much better. If that is the case, I'm still waiting for a better Penang Curry! LIke the soups, there aren't a lot of "land mines" that I've had at other places. The curry isn't watery like some either, but the consistency is just perfect, like a Cream of Mushroom soup. It's got a perfect peanutty flavor and the heat is also nicely done (even though I'd like a little hotter when I order "extra spicy"). It's a giant bowl too, so be careful if you order with other things. I was stuffed with the appetizer and other entree we got, but the curry was so good, I ended up cleaning out the bowl, and then wanted to die because I was so full.BOTTOM LINEThere was one restaurant out in Wilmette (I think) that had an better Tom Kha, but their Penang was just ok. I think, so far, if I ever had a craving for Thai, I'm going to Dan Thai for the whole package. Almost perfect Tom Yum/Kha and the best Penang Curry I've ever had. I really want to see if there even is such a thing as a better Penang Curry than Dan Thai. I'm going to go revisit my old college Thai place and see if they can hang...
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,12/16/2011,325,653,10,33,17>Seriously. What a unique experience. I have eagerly anticipated the opening of this student-run Robert Morris University restaurant for MONTHS. I even called the university to inquire about it when I first saw it developing near my favorite boutique store Chameleon. The grand opening date was penned into my calender. I went for dinner last night only to discover that Eyrie (which means eagle's nest and is probably a nod to the RMU eagle mascot) is only open for lunch. I went again today right at noon and was greeted by an eager young lady who asked me if I had a reservation. Seeing the bustling crowd, I explained that I didn't, but that I would like to sit at the bar. The bar had a fantastic view of the kitchen where I watched my burger and pumpkin sponge prepared. My burger was really delicious. The bun was toasted and the burger had lively seasonings. I heard the order put in as "medium well-done" but the pinkness of the patty told me that it was medium or medium rare (which is my preference anyway). The pumpkin sponge was really unique. It tasted like pumpkin bread and had a scoop of cinnamon ice-cream on top. The garnishes were candied pecans, caramel, and a wafer. One of the student chefs approached me and politely said, "Excuse me, but may I ask what you think of the pumpkin sponge? I helped to make that recipe and am looking for feedback." How cool is that?! She told me that the "wafer" was really a sweet potato chip. I thought that was really special. My next surprise came when I paid ($16). There was no place to leave a tip! I asked my server where I put the tip and she said that they aren't allowed to accept any tips. In fact, EVERYONE working in the restaurant is a student who is being graded on their labors and are not paid. I felt incredibly weird not leaving a tip, especially for such good food and service. I loved my experience at Eyrie so much that I am eager to share it with friends and family. My only complaint is that they currently have such limited hours so I'll probably have to wait once Eyrie expands to include dinner (and maybe breakfast?).
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,12/15/2011,123,413,4,7,3>Whenever I hear a rave review about some place in Naperville, I usually roll my eyes and ignore it. Partly because to most Napervillians, anything in the downtown area is "the best thing ever." It's mostly hype and no substance. Fortunately there are some places that deliver. Kuma's is definitely one of those places. Everything from the food to the service to the decor were exceptional. First plus of the night: being seated by the window. Who doesn't want to people watch on a Saturday night? I love the atmosphere in here. I was thinking it might be a bit pretentious, but no. Everyone was cool and chilled back. Definitely a plus in my book. For starters, we ordered the crab rangoons as appetizers. They were outstanding. I loved the fact that the rangoons were stuffed with crab and not some funky crab paste. The sweet dipping sauce that went with it was equally good. I ordered the Kung Pao chicken stir fry as an entree. It was delicious. This dish was so filling and flavorful. The fresh ingredients really make a difference. All the flavors blended well together and made this an excellent dish.The service was spot on. Never once did we have to ask for refills on drinks. They were already brought to the table as soon as the glass was a little low. Our waiter was very attentive without being overbearing and we were able to enjoy the dinner without a hovering waitstaff. Perfect when you are hanging out with a group of friends. A nice finishing touch was that Kuma came to the table to make sure we all were having a great time. Kuma's is a rare gem in Naperville and definitely a place that everyone should check out.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,12/14/2011,65,419,4,4,4>We went to Ttowa tonight for dinner - got there around 7 and there were a couple people ahead of us.  The dining room is small so it doesn't take much to fill up so make a reservation if you're worried.  Anyway, the owner's son seems to run the front and he does a nice job.  Very on top of letting people know when they will be seated and just generally he does a nice job of taking care of diners.  Very conscientious overall.Once we were seated, we ordered appetizers - the steamed shrimp dumpling and the scallion pancake that has seafood in it - the dumplings are light and quite tasty - nice texture and delicious dipping sauce.  I tried a small bite of the scallion pancake and it was also quite nice.  For our entrees, I ordered the bibimbab and the other folks in my party split the bulgogi with the rice potato pancake, the Fatty Terry Roll and the pork belly that comes with lettuce to make little wraps.  Now, along with all the little side dishes, the table was a little it full but that did not hinder our ability to enjoy our dinner.  We basically shared our dinner so the timing of the items coming out was pretty good, which is always an extra point in my book.  The bibimbab was pretty tasty, though I did give the egg that it comes with to the husband to eat - the sauce that comes with it is really tasty - sweet and smoky with a great flavor.  The Fatty Terry was an awesome non-traditional roll  - the plate itself was really nice to look at and the flavor of the roll was quite nice, with a crispy bacomy flavor.  I'm not a pork belly fan but the other diners in my party really enjoyed this dish.  And then the bulgogi - very nice stuff.  I could have used a tiny bit more sauce on it but overall, with the addition of the potatoes, quite good.  The little kimchi and pickle sides were all very tasty - good flavor and varying degrees of spiciness.  We really liked the potato puree that had pieces of apple and grapes in it - kind of unexpected but a very nice touch.  We finished off with the only dessert that they have, which is this crispy and tender little cinnamon pancake topped with green tea ice cream and shards of caramel on top.  Yummy stuff!  The green tea ice cream is vanilla based but that's fine with me - it pairs really well with the pancake and the caramel.  We also got our dessert for free, which I am not sure why - I think that the server and Terry felt the service was not quite right so they comped it.  We didn't really have any issues but we were very appreciative of the treat.  Overall, we really enjoyed our meal here and I would put it on the highly recommended list.  Very good stuff all the way around!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,12/13/2011,41,73,5,6,5>Whenever I visit my grandma in Elmhurst and we go to lunch, this is THE place we go to!  It's usually her, my mom, my sister and myself.  I guess you could say my grandma is a regular there because everytime we go in, the host always remembers her and gives her her usual spot in the corner.  That's one of the first great things about Francesca's; they always remember their regulars!One of the biggest reasons we go here, besides their great service, are their cosmos!  Mmmm yum!!  They make the best cosmos in town (in my opinion).  You have even one and you get a little silly.  They're quite pricy but if you go in on I believe Wednesday (or maybe Thursday?) the cosmos are half price ($6.00) so it's pretty worth it!  We also looooooove the olive oil, grated cheese and bread they give us before our meals.  My meals have been great there.  The menu is hand written, but that's alright because it makes the place even more homey and less franchise-y. I always go for their rigatoni pasta.  It was so delicious last time I was there.  It doesn't usually come with meat but if you ask them, they'll put some chicken in their for ya anyway!  My aunt usually goes for the salads and my mom loves their carpaccio and it's served on a plate that makes it look so great!  They really make their food beautiful there!I really have no complaints.  Everyone is delightful and we are treated very well.  The food is really some of the best Italian food in town so go get it!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,12/12/2011,71,38,6,12,6>My girls here know what they're doing. Here's why:1. Loyalty program requires no card, stamps or stickers. The points are accumulated on dollars and their system is computerized.2. The chairs. Massage function is on point.3. The green tea hand soak during a manicure.4. The flat screens are always showing a movie worth watching.5. The massages--foot, hand, shoulder. Yes, yes.6. The price point.You need to see for yourself... if you enjoy a great mani-pedi.TIP: Bring cash for tipping. Credit card tips not accepted.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,12/11/2011,80,142,4,8,5>This place is amazing.  AMAZING!  We found this on our way into the city because Sushi Station had already changed their hours to "winter" and had not updated their website informing us of the change.  Sushi Station FAIL.  Why do this?  We drive by Oba, step in, and we're the only customers in the place.  Granted, it's the Wednesday before Thanksgiving :)The ambiance is modern, and sleek.  The restaurant looks like it belongs in Wicker Park, instead of boring Elk Grove.  Sushi Chef and Server are sooooo nice and hospitable.  A restaurant that actually lets you know they appreciate your business???  What a novel idea!We order a few of the large specialty rolls that come with miso and salad.  The Miso is good, the salad is even better.  It was a mixed green salad dressed in a mustard ginger dressing.  YUM.We also got a little surprise in the form of fried tofu. Delish.Our rolls were the best we've had.  We had the Pink Cadillac, Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon,  and the Mango Tuna.  Everything was so good and fresh and tasty.  Seriously, could not get enough.At the end we received some vanilla ice cream.Oh Oba...you are amazing!  I am coming back, soon!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,12/10/2011,270,833,7,9,7>I am going to preface this review with this fact: I came here in a large group for a business lunch with my company, so my experience was probably a bit different than someone who came on a date or for dinner in a small group.First off, this place is really big. There's lots of seating, and it looks like they have rooms you can rent out for parties and such. It's a little dark inside (probably to set the romantic mood), and has a very classy feel to it. There is light jazz music in the background. It's a very nice place to come on a date or a nice lunch/dinner.We were seated promptly. The service was excellent - they checked on us multiple times and filled our water glasses multiple times as well. The tables were bussed quickly when we were finished eating, and overall it was very professional. Quite impressive!There is a lot to choose from on the menu, and of course most of it is seafood. There are a few other things to choose from as well. It also looks like they have a nice wine selection as well. I wasn't looking to spend a lot of money (it wasn't really an optional business lunch), and this is not the place to come if you want to be cheap. I'm not say that as a bad thing, it's just a fact. You do get a great quality meal, service, and atmosphere that is well worth the cash. However, I didn't want to spend a lot of money so my friend and I split a burger. They literally split everything in half for us on separate plates (awesome!), and everything tasted great.Parking in this area is horrible - they do have valet but I hate paying for it personally. I have also heard they get very busy at night, so make a reservation.  Again, this is a great place to come on a fancy date where you are looking to spend some decent cash for a great meal.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,12/9/2011,2184,1339,4,10,9>I've been to Lemon Tree a few times but finally got to try the Zest Cafe inside of the grocer. Oh.Em.Gee. What a hidden gem! The food at the restaurant in the grocery market is AMAZING! I had a truly fantastic meal plus they have a pretty large beer selection. Suh~weet!Let me start with the actual grocery section. They have a good selection of unique items, including bacon spread for your skillet. Mmmm bacon. I've tried their Whoopie Pie and Cupcakes a few times...both are just okay. Nothing I would get again.Then comes the Zest Cafe.My friend and I had a truly excellent meal here. We started with the tortellini appetizer. It was a big portion for an appetizer and for just $8! I absolutely loved it. Ricotta, Brown Butter, sage and Parmesan make this dish tasty with every single bite. I'm going to get this every time I go to Lemon Tree/Zest Cafe! We also got the truffled mac & cheese side dish. Side dish!? Another big portion for just $4!!! I want this everytime I go. I love mac & cheese...and I love mushrooms...but them together in a classy dish and I'm in love! I had the Niman Ranch Cheeseburger as my main dish. A very solid burger with bacon on it, of course! It was huge and with all of those preludes I could only get a couple of bites in. Plus, it came with fries! The best part of this dish were the sauces it came with, a truffle mayo and a spicy mayo. The truffle mayo was amazing! Same as above in that I love mayo, so mayo + mushrooms = happy Sarah. From start to end, our meal here was AMAZING! Just thinking about it and looking at my pictures, my mouth is watering. I want to go back and I've found amazing dishes so I'm planning on getting the exact same things! Not to mention, service was quite good throughout.Yum, yum, highly recommended!!!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,12/8/2011,199,119,3,4,5>Four stars for now, but as soon as I try more treats, I am sure it will be worthy of 5 stars :)Friendly staff - always a plus. Cute storefront and seating area. Deliciousness surrounding you wherever you look. Sweet Ali's is a gluten-free gem!So far, I've only had the chance to try a carrot muffin - who needs gluten? This thing was AMAZING and full of so much flavor! This made me want to sample everything!In addition to baked goods, they also sell some frozen items to take home, such as mini pizzas, bread, dinner rolls, etc. Makes it easy to take something home to supplement your dinner.I'll soon be trying some cupcakes - stay tuned!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,12/7/2011,107,399,4,6,5>This place was a complete surprise for me. Bartlett is one of the last places I'd expect to find an excellent Chinese restaurant. Like other restaurants that have done well in the Top 100 Chinese Restaurants Competition, the authentic Chinese food is amazingly good but the Americanized food is only passable (in my opinion). The food here reminds me a bit of iChef in Hoffman Estates in style but more like Lao Sze Chuan in Chinatown in terms of execution. I don't recall seeing this restaurant in the Zagat Guide, but based on what I've tried so far, I'd probably give them a 24.The Chongqing Style Noodle Soup is definitely something you should try if you love nice hot soup that's not excessively strong in flavor. They are very generous with the amount of whitefish they give you as we were able to make 8 fully loaded small bowls with cellophane noodles and fish with the amount of soup given to us. The mustard greens were not extremely strong in flavor but just strong enough where I noticed them. They can make this non-spicy but spicy soup is amazingly nice in the winter time.The Honey Sesame Crispy Beef had a nice flavor to it, but the texture wasn't quite as tender as I would have liked it to be. My problem though could be that I compared everyone's version of this dish to Sun Shui's Crispy Szechuan Beef and that's why I feel disappointed with everyone else's version. The egg roll was okay but nothing special.This was not on the menu, but we had them make Cantonese-style ginger and scallion red snapper fillets. This was a really nice variation of a popular dish that was perfectly balanced with a strong flavor and not too much salt. The excellent execution of this dish makes me want to try the Chendu Snapper and Spicy Chili Fish next time.The Beef Chow Fun (Gon Chao Ngau Ho style) was one of the best I've had outside Chinatown. It had a strong onion flavor to it and beef that was seared to slightly crispy on the edges. It wasn't excessively oily like most of the versions I run across and had just the right amount of salt to be noticeable but not overbearing.Their Cumin Lamb (Zi Ran Yang Rou) was excellently done with a strong flavor of onion and peppers and lamb that was cooked to a nice tender texture without being overdone and slightly crispy on the edges. I don't even like cumin but the dish was so excellently executed I couldn't stop eating it.I wish I'd taken pictures of the authentic Chinese menu since it's not on their website. Like other highly rated Chinese restaurants, that menu is where you'll really find the hidden treasures the restaurant offers.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,12/6/2011,69,381,5,6,3>Great food, really good prices, friendly staff, clean, with a mix of modern and traditional decor, and BYOB without corkage fees... Yeah... we love this place!!The family and I stopped in to Cida Thai for dinner the other day, and everyone including myself, fell in love with the place. Whether it was the delicious food, or the ability to consume your outside pre-purchased alcoholic libations, this place just plain rocked. Upon entering we were seated immediately. Water was poured and our orders were placed within minutes. The waitress was friendly and very helpful. Gazing around everything seemed to be very clean, and the decor was somewhat traditional with a modern twist. Not a huge place by any means, but more than able to accommodate the rush or larger crowds. After cracking open some Fat Tires, our appetizer arrived - Crab Rangoons. Holy crap... best crab rangoons... ever! Without a doubt. They were fresh, the fried wrap tasted like elephant ears, and the filling was heavenly. I love watching my eight year old try new things and completely fall head over heals. Next time I'll remember to take pictures of her faces before and after trying something new...completely opposite. Sufficed to say, CRAB RANGOONS are a MUST! After apps, our entrees were served, piping hot, consisting of the Stir Fried Garlic Shrimp, my Roast Duck Curry (I ordered HOT), and the little one's Shrimp Tempura. Everything tasted fresh, with obvious attention paid to even the slightest details and ingredients. The curry was amazing. Served with Steamed White Rice, I could taste every single thing that went into making the dish, most notably the coconut milk. One word - Awesome. The duck was tender, pineapples were like candy, and the extra heat definitely kicked the Curry up a notch. I sampled my wife's Garlic Shrimp, which she raved about. Without a doubt it was another solid entree served to our table. The little one's face upon viewing her Shrimp Tempura wasn't that of absolute delight, but once she dug in, the frown turned upside-down. Add some Sweet & Sour sauce to the mix, and the kid tore through her meal in minutes. Plate licked clean! At the conclusion of our stellar dinner, just when we thought it couldn't get better, dessert was ordered... The Fried Banana with Ice Cream. Freaking amazing. Slightly resembling a spring roll, these fried wrapped mini-bananas were served hot, drizzled with chocolate sauce, and topped with rainbow sprinkles. Add some vanilla ice cream to this modern twist, and you my friend have a dessert for three well worth the $4.99. Cida Thai just made a Top-Five list somewhere in our books... Most gracious!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,12/5/2011,255,326,5,11,7>I popped in here for a quick lunch on my way to an appointment down the street. I must admit, it was the big "Vegan Shakes!" sign out front that lured me in at first, but the yummy smell drifting out of the door sure didn't hurt.I found the staff very friendly, the menu labeled well, the dining area clean and tidy, and my shake was DELICIOUS. You see, my pets are afraid of the blender, so I almost never get to have a shake at home. The fact that at least five flavors are available means that this place would be near and dear to my heart even if the food wasn't good.That didn't end up being a problem. I loved my mashed sweet potatoes and pasta lentil soup. My husband thought his pesto spaghettini was just ok, but it was also his first time trying any kind of pesto, so it may turn out that he simply isn't a pesto man. I intend to try the vegan lasagna before delivering an official verdict on Munch's pasta skills.My only issue, and it isn't even much of an issue, is that I am used to things moving a little faster at a cafe like this. I didn't feel like I was sitting and waiting excessively, but we had planned to be in an out in half an hour, which only happened because we ate half our food and took the rest to go. I understand that it might take a little longer to make some items, but I thought I'd mention it in my review so that people who are pressed for time know they might want to get their food to go.Note: there's some pretty cool art on the walls, but I have no idea if Munch is displaying it, selling it, or just collecting it.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,12/4/2011,191,452,7,9,6>I don't care what you're serving, if your TV is tuned to Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations, you've got me for the next hour.This shop is sandwiched (hee....hee) between an Asian grocery store and a convenience store in an unassuming strip mall across street from Jewel.  They display their daily sandwich specials on a white dry erase board up front.  Ordering the special will also buy you either potato salad or coleslaw and a soft drink with free refills-horray for Coke products!I've been on a turkey and cranberry sauce binge (can't wait for Turkey Day!!), so I ordered the turkey panini (turkey, Swiss, cranberry sauce) $5.89.   Ooey gooey swiss and just the right amount of cranberry sauce was Thanksgiving in my mouth along with the turkey (deli meat turkey, not leftover meaty turkey).My husband ordered the Cuban (ham, roast pork, salami, Swiss, pickles, and mayo) which is the special of the day on Thursdays.  Sounds like too much meat right?  That's just crazy talk because there's no such thing.  Menu offers a lot of variety: wraps, salads, soups, hotdogs, sweet potato fries, sandwiches.  Next time I'm looking forward to try the Sandwichville Stacker (coleslaw + fries stacked inside your sandwich!!)I saw a sign advertising their new Express Sandwichville shop opening up at the Bartlett train station.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,12/3/2011,65,630,5,5,4>Funny name, but serious pizza! I love pizza. I love trying new places. Arnie's Pizza fit both those criteria before tonight.Arnie's is a "local joint" (said in thick Chicago/Warrenville accent) that is VERY hidden in a strip mall on Route 59. There are five are six booths as a dining area to the left as you walk in, and then a pick up window to get your pizza for carry out. If I were a business/real estate person, I would say "What a terrible location, no one can see us". This is why I went into education, because I am an idiot when it comes to those things.Simple yet so GREAT! Based on recommendations for pizza in Warrenville, it was either Al's or here. Since I have already tried Al's, I wanted to try Arnie's...and how did it turn out? AMAZING!Local joints are much better than chains because you don't get cookie cutter products. This was something different for sure! The Double Decker stuffed pizza was an experience. I am not going to bore you with the details of what it is, do it yourself lazy ass. My only complaint is that it did not have enough sauce for my liking. If I were to order it again, extra sauce would definitely be part of the equation. When I think "stuffed", I always think sauce as the top layer. This was not the case, but I wasn't that upset, I ate my half of the pizza with pride, pleasure, and pure joy. I would say the double decker is more of a double dough pizza than a stuffed pizza.Jesus, oh my, that crust was great! It was layer after layer of excitement and fun. Like a roller coaster, except no chance anyone pukes on you! Plus, when you're eating you don't have to wait in line to take a ride. Arnie's Pizza is like taking a ride on a roller coaster. My expectations are high and they were met.It was a roller coaster of fun; the only issue was that last corkscrew (not enough sauce...I LOVE ME SOME LYCOPENE TO STAVE OFF PROSTATE CANCER). If you're in Warrenville you cannot go wrong with Arnie's Pizza (or Al's for that matter who has excellent thin). I can't vouch for Arnie's thin pizza, but the cooks/staff at both places just seem to be regular guys trying to make a living using the freshest ingredients they can. Way to go, boys!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,12/2/2011,125,148,5,7,4>Green Jade is my fave Chinese food around, and I've had my fair share. So these other reviews that said it was just "OK" are crazy! This restaurant is family owned and everyone plays a part in the biz from answering phones, waiting tables and preparing the food. The service is impeccable, ask for Joe. He's friendly and very knowledgable of the menu.Speaking of the menu, I have a few faves that I are on a rotation. Rainbow Lo Mein (with chicken, shrimp and beef), schezwan green beans, walnut shrimp just to name a few. Their lo mein is the best around hands down. The food is fresh and prepared fast.Even though I live a good 45 mins away, I make it a point to stop by with my family. I can't wait to go back again soon!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,12/1/2011,24,142,3,5,3>We ate here a couple of times years ago and really liked it.  Recently, we realized we'd never been back, so we decided to make a return visit.  We tried early Friday afternoon, but discovered they did not open 'till 4pm.  However, we noticed they had a small beer garden.Sunday night was a beautiful evening and we decided to go and sit in the beer garden, have a good German beer (or two!), and enjoy the evening.Service was excellent and the beer was tasty.  As it grew dark, the staff told us to stick around as Lake Zurich was about to start their 4th of July fireworks show and you could see it from their parking lot.What a nice treat.  We moved our chairs from the beer garden into the parking lot and enjoyed the show while having another good German beer.I think we just started a family 4th of July tradition!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,11/30/2011,252,423,7,9,7>Millie's is deceiving from it's outside appearance and easy to miss tucked in a run down strip mall with a gas station.  I would probably have missed it if it weren't for a friend who lives in the area.  It's one of her top 2 fave breakfast places.  Also, Millie's is closed on Mondays.Hubby and I tried Millie's this past weekend before a day of furniture shopping - so we needed some carbs and protein to get us through the day!  It's somewhat cracker-barrel like on the inside, country theme with a cute little country store/gift shop on the side.  The staff was all quite friendly and the service was super-speedy!  Our waitress had barely taken away our menus and she was bringing out our steaming hot plates.  Even the bus boys/water boys are nice and actually speak to you!  Say hello, how are you...and I especially liked that the water boy filled my coffee cup right away :-)My husband tried the pancakes (of course!) along with 2 eggs.  I had 2 eggs with corned beef hash and toast.  Everything was spot on delicious.  They truly are a pancake shoppe, though - lots of pancake, waffle and crepe options on the menu.  Not as much on the egg side of things other than regular eggs with various sides or build-your-own-omelette.I work just down the road from Millie's so I'll have to give them a try for lunch some time.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,11/29/2011,363,708,8,12,8>My hair is silky and fine, but I have a lot of it; it's pretty stick-straight but likes to occasionally curl the wrong way just to spite me; I can't really keep it long because I can't *do* anything with it (ponytails, braids, buns, whatever). So, I keep it in a fairly short, sleek bob and try to keep it tame with a big round brush and a straightening iron.Well, I think Abbi and the other ladies at Effigy might be magic, because my hair is now behaving itself without much help from me. In the mornings, I blow-dry -- and it's almost laying where I want it to! No more spending 15 minutes fighting with the flat iron. A few quick touch-ups and I'm good to go!And on top of that, if I wait a little too long between cuts, yes, it's getting a bit shaggy and shapeless -- but it's still laying right and doesn't look half bad, instead of me getting into "oh my god, where are my hats" mode.Amazing. After all this time fighting with my hair, it seems the key to good behavior is a talented stylist. And on top of that, Effigy has friendly staff, a manager/owner-type guy who always remembers me, great service and a sleek and convenient location.Rock on, Effigy.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,11/28/2011,850,1294,12,14,10>Rue Noir might mean "The Dark Street," but this little boutique (as they say, and my mother hates) really POPS with color. Naturally, they have the classic red and black boudoir basics; however, you can easily find your favorites in brown, hot pink, light blue and all the colors of the rainbow. They also make it easy to mix-n-match outfits at a reasonable price.Customer service is A+. JoJo F. and I came for their Girls Night Out event and had the chance to browse the regular racks, comb through the clearance bins and sample some sweets. We also had the opportunity to practice some burlesque moves (courtesy of Nine Muses) to accompany our new numbers. Outfits were marked down to $10, bras were $7, panties were $5, which made most items 50% off or more!Why not 5 sexy stars? The items I did find were hit or miss for me and the sizing is not accurate. Make sure you try on EVERYTHING before buying because the labels lie. I'm a high C/low D. Their DDs and Es were too small. I tried on 5 bras and ended up with one that was a high B. Go figure! It's just not reliable enough for me to know what size I need if I want to pop in quickly. Also, one pair of underwear didn't even make it an entire day before the bows started to fray (sad panda). So far the other cute undies have survived wearing and washing. 4 solid sassy stars for that!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,11/27/2011,49,99,4,5,6>The super friendly service gave us a great first impression, but it was flavor that really won me over. Inspired by the namesake Back Alley Burger, I created a turkey burger with similar flavors and it was by far the best turkey burger I've ever had. Juicy, beautifully flavored, and all the ingredients were wonderfully balanced, as was my husband's Nancy Dog. And sweet heaven, why hasn't anybody made chili cheese onion rings before? The chili was divine and their onion rings are really, really delicious. Overall, we absolutely loved this place. The only complaint is that it was a pretty pricey meal, but with flavor that good it's worth the money.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,11/26/2011,73,608,4,12,5>Came in here with a hair 911 and left feeling MUCH better!  The salon itself is nice and relaxing.  There's music, but it's not blaring and there are lots of people around, but you can hear yourself think.I've seen Kelli twice now.  First I went in for a consult to find out how to get rid of my bad hair.  I just sat and talked with her and then scheduled an appointment for a haircut.  I didn't do that upfront because I wanted to find out her thoughts.  She was very patient with me and I did not hear her say anything bad about what the other stylist (at another salon) did.  She just checked everything out and then gave me a game plan.Today I got a haircut or more like a trim since after 8 weeks of growing my hair out, there still isn't much there.  She did some shaping and told me the next few steps.  Next will be the highlights.   Every day it gets a little longer and there's more hope!When I go to a salon, I expect someone who will listen to me and give me their advice, not what they think I want to hear.  Kelli did all that and then some.  Thanks for the hair relief!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,11/25/2011,239,635,9,11,11>When a craving hits you for corned beef, what is one to do?  Head for a deli, that's what.Hopefully this craving hits you at a slightly  "off"  time which will provide you an opportunity to study the menu.  Sandwiches named for people, which reveals a great deal about their cravings.So, then you might wonder, what does  "overstuffed"  vs. "half stuffed" mean.  Overstuffed is 9 ounces of meat vs 7 ounces.  That should satisfy your craving.  Some served with kraut or cole slaw, and a generous half pickle.No wonder people are smiling when they walk out.This deliciousness is available 7 days a week ~ no excuses!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,11/24/2011,4739,1870,23,19,22>BattleToads!!! This was my jam back in the day- it's also the best game for annoying someone you're supposed to be working with... and if you've ever played BT in a 2 player scenario, you know what I'm talking about. I used to play with my little bro (who is my mortal enemy) circa 1991 and unlike most games where you either play with a partner as a team, or go against the person (like Street Fighter- of which GG has 3 versions of, by the by) you could actually play WITH your 2P and/or if you decided it was more fun to piss them off, you always had the option to kill them with your giant fist punch or cutting their rope with your sword as you descend into the chasm of level 2. It was the ultimate test of friendship and like Charlie Sheen, I consider winning to be a one man sport, so I'd always kill my 2P. Hey, there might be no "I" in team, but there is "ME" and that's all that matters in the grand scheme of Life, er, I mean Nintendo. Our games usually ended with the controllers being dropped and real fisticuffs being thrown. Anyway, when I found out Galloping Ghost had the arcade version of my fave past time, I hightailed my bzzz'd azz outta Brixie's and made my way over to GG for OG style arcade games. Here's the deal- the employees know their shizz so they'll give you the rundown once there, but just in case- It's $15 for all day play. They open at 11am and close at 2am- you do the math, it's a f*cking steal. You can leave (I reco going to Brixie's for some booze, fried pickles, or maple bacon donuts- all of which go great with gaming) and come back with your receipt. Or, if you're so inclined, they have a variety of sugar treats, drinks, and pizza in house- should you find yourself on the verge of a high score and need some sustenance while gaming. G. Ghost also has a party room with like 5 different flat screens, play station games, big comfy couches, and I'm just announcing it now, this will be the location of my next celebratory gathering of whatever. Come celebrate and watch me kick your ass in Street Fighter- I call Dhalsim! And be warned, I'm pretty proficient at Police Trainer. Other games worth noting for the nostalgia nymphos- Michael Jackson's Moonwalker, Frogger, Galaga, Q*bert, Burger Time, Primal Rage, Centipede, Cruis'n USA, X-Men, Double Dragon 1-3, the Simpsons, TMNT, House of the Dead, and about 230 more. Srsly, get pwnd.On a final note- What the f*ck was ever the point of Rampage? Side note- I still call Lizzie. Gamer4Lyfe.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,11/23/2011,204,392,9,7,5>Give me somethin' good....We bouts to break this out single sentence form. Because it's easy, and did you honestly feel like reading an epic novel? Didn't think so!Oh the joys.Hardwood floorsBig comfy booths....sex-zayLive bands on WednesdaysHalf piced bottles of wine Wednesdays....hello hump day we heart YOUFridays= Ladies' NightFlatscreens with Sports Center (yay boys, this one is for you!)Okay, now that we've gotten our breaths back lets do a mini recap. I dropped in on a casual Wednesday night with a friend for a little bit of nibble and some liquid decadence. The bottle was half priced (say what? Let's make that a two-fer!) and the very selective menu was perfect.What is not to love about a place that has live music, a menu that has enough offerings that can fill any raging belly and a cool atmosphere to make a group or someone flying solo feel comfortable?Yup, ya heard. I'd fly to Rizzo's solo. Easy. The bartender would be my bestie for a night. For this particular visit, we ordered a bottle of Shiraz, Spicy Goat Cheese and Spinach Dip and the Bruschetta. Holy pizzazz, the goat cheese stole the show. Mind you I loved the wine and the live music because it was a great way to kill an evening but cheese is my bitch and takes front seat whenever we roll.The dip itself is served with a warmed flatbread and thinly sliced pieces of bacon. Whoa, who knew bacon and goat cheese would make your glands salivate. Prices are in tact and even if you stop by minus the ladies' night or any other themed evening excursion out it's worth it. I will definitely be dropping by Rizzo's in the near future.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,11/22/2011,45,100,4,8,6>This is my to-go place for authentic Japanese home-style cooking.   This place is packed with Japanese customers - always a good sign while at a Japanese restaurant. Dishes like the Naporitan spaghetti and the mentaiko spaghetti are hard to find in the Chicago area, and they are made authentically and perfectly.  Hit the spot every time!  The sesame ice cream is also very good (another item that is hard to find in Chicago).  Service is good.  But it could get a bit slow if you sit in the flow-over room when it gets busy.  Decor is stereotypical (bamboo, wood-tone, zen garden, etc) but comfortable.  If you go, it'll be for the food.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,11/21/2011,54,226,5,8,5>Another unique and delicious hot dog joint in the northwest suburbs to prove that they're not all in the city.  As the other reviewers have mentioned, the Augie Dog wrapped in bacon and smothered in cheese is awe-inspiring and only costs a year of your life.  The fries are pretty good too, although the salads are pitiful.I wanted to give this place just 3 stars for getting my girlfriend's order wrong and then getting mad at her for it, but it's a hot dog joint - that's what they do.  It's like getting mad at a puppy for pooping on your carpet.  Hot Dog Richie's does frankfurters well so they get 4 stars.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,11/20/2011,29,60,6,7,7>The House Pub boasts that their large selection of brews (126 delicious beers to satiate a need for variety, to be exact) will meet any craving you have, whether it be the "schwag" like Miller Lite, or something a little more upscale, like Magic Hat. This bar is like a game of russian roulette where you'll most likely be content with whatever beverage you choose but if you're really lucky, you'll find that one bullet, ahem, beer that'll create a huge impact on you (thankfully, instead of a bullet to the dome, you get a taste of some of the best barley pops ever). The owner, Steve, is incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to the drinks he offers and steered me in the right direction when he suggested a Breckenridge Brewery Vanilla Porter; now it's the only beer I'll get when I'm there. Meander upstairs to the Lounge, which has the romantic date-night ambience complete with hazy red lighting and walls lined with leather couches that any girl (or dude attempting to impress a chick) would love. The jazz groups that play here every Thursday evening and the extensive martini menu will guarantee you'll come back upstairs for more.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,11/19/2011,171,190,7,5,4>Good spot.  Stopped here last night on a date - gotta love a girl that brings me to a cool dive bar!  Oh wait, not reviewing the girl here...back to the bar (although she gets 5 stars too...)I'm a big fan of IPAs and they have a great selection.  It's not a small menu, but it's not overkill huge either.  I first had a Lagunitas IPA (always a good decision), and the bartender suggested another IPA which I thought was cool.  A bar like this HAS to have servers that are knowledgeable about the beers.They also had a band playing, and live music almost never sucks to be around.  Looking forward to going back!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,11/18/2011,42,56,3,5,3>Good food, nice atmosphere, decent prices and somewhat kid-friendly. Service is generally unmemorable (except for one very special waiter--read more on this below), but that doesn't make it a bad thing.FOOD: Typical Italian fare. The menu is long, which is often a bad sign, but surprisingly the food was pretty good. No complaints from the four adults and one 2-year-old in our party.SERVICE: Just fine. Our waiter always seemed to be around when we needed him, yet he wasn't overly enthusiastic about his job. Now, there was one very special waiter. He was an older man who was waiting on tables in our general area. He noticed at some point that my son was getting a bit fidgety, so he stopped by and asked if he could give him some Dum-Dum suckers. Little did he know, this is my kid's absolute favorite treat. So, not only did this small gesture go a long way for calming him down and making him very happy, it gave us more time to hang out with our friends, and that meant we ordered another bottle of wine as well as desserts--good business move, Mr. Awesome Waiter!ATMOSPHERE: Didn't spend much time inside, although it looked nice. The narrow outside patio was quite pleasant. We had a round table for our party of five, which lent itself well to socializing with good friends over several bottles of wine. PRICES: Pretty standard somewhat pricey upscale Italian suburban restaurant prices. If you have ever been an one of these types of restaurants, you won't be surprised, but you also won't feel like you're getting a deal.KID-FRIENDLINESS: So, yeah, no one is going to give you the evil eye when you walk in with a kid. In fact, we saw lots of kids in this place while we were there on a Saturday night. However, they do not offer a kids' menu, so be prepared to order a side of plain pasta and sauce or half-order of one the the pasta's off the menu. Yes, I would go back. Good place for meeting friends and hanging out in a nice, but casual setting.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,11/17/2011,79,108,4,6,4>This is a perfect example of Yelpers convincing me to give a place another try. The first time I stopped at Lucky Star, I was underwhelmed by the curried chicken. The sauce was a little gelatinous and overall not as flavorful as I would have liked, although I enjoyed the fried rice that came with my meal. That said, I drive past Lucky Star every day on my way home and had seen other Yelpers' positive reviews, so I decided to give it another shot. I stopped by last night and ordered the General Tso's Chicken dinner special (I try to maintain a veggie-centric diet, but sometimes a girl just wants fried chicken!). It was delicious! The sauce was rich, spicy and almost barbeque-y. My only quibble is that in comparison to the generous, heaping portion of chicken, I only got four small pieces of broccoli, which were buried at the bottom. Strange. They also went a little heavy on the rice. I picked white rice instead of fried rice and could have fed a small village with what I was given. I like that their dinner specials also include an egg roll (solid, but not the best I've had) and your choice of a can of soda, bottled water or a cup of soup. I chose the Diet Coke. For less than $8, it really is a great dinner value, especially since it could easily feed two people. As Ah-nold said, I'll be back!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,11/16/2011,63,167,4,7,7>I have been eating at North of the Border for several years.  I primarily go for Taco Tuesdays.  This isn't really because I need to get tacos for 89 cents, but more because I like the alliteration.  (I often observe TV free Tuesdays, which is somewhat connected.)NOTB is located in a strip mall with plenty of parking in the shared lot.  Walking into the place you notice it is very small, but they do manage to fit about 8 tables in the place.  You order at the counter, but they will bring the food out to your table if you are eating in.  The atmosphere is casual, fast food place.  Nothing fancy, but exactly what I would expect.My wife and I almost always order the same thing... shredded beef tacos and chicken tacos.  At my other favorite taco joint I like to get the marinated pork, but while tasty, it is tough and oddly dry at NOTB.  Every once in a while I forget this and order. I was reminded on my most recent visit.  I have never had the steak tacos, but a reminder to all the haters out there... do you really think you are going to get filet mignon for 89 cents?  As a general rule I stay away from "steak" at low end places.For the first few years that I came to NOTB, they would provide free chips and salsa if you ate in for dinner.  I thought this was very generous considering the reasonably priced food.  Unfortunately, I guess the economics of the situation caught up with them because that stopped about a year ago.  Now I just purchase it anyway.  The salsa is tasty with beans and corn in it, but it is not very spicy.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but I wanted to call it out for you spice lovers.Once again, being a creature of habit, I always get the Jarritos to drink.  I don't often drink pop, but because it is from Mexico, it is made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup.  Taste the difference!While eating, I like to choose a few magazines from the rack that is next to the trash cans.  They have a funny collection like PC Gamer, Us, and some audio/video enthusiast magazines.My interactions with the staff have always been pleasant.  They are helpful and efficient.Overall, this place is good for what it is trying to be.  I am happy to have a taco joint like this in Bartlett.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,11/15/2011,15,68,4,3,3>Grew up going to this place and every time it delivers no matter what I order.  The steaks are always excellent and the Bay Scallops are another prime choice.  My compatriot Dragon got the crab cakes and they were tremendous. You have to get a mai tai when you come...it's sweet and fruity and full of more alcohol than a Sunday communion.Word of caution: The garlic rolls are delicious and addicting with an unfortunate side effect of seeping into your pores so your significant other does not want to be near you for the next 12 hours. I guess it's better than faking a headache!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,11/14/2011,88,184,7,9,8>Thanks to Michael and the crew at Q for another fantastic meal. Especially since it was my birthday. I had posted on Facebook that I was coming in for my birthday dinner, and they had printed out my picture and were looking for me. They gave me a birthday dessert and drink. It was wonderful. We had eight of us, and even though we had to wait for a table big enough for us, it wasn't long. Food was fantastic. So glad they have the Papa Q Sampler. All four of the men in the group got the sampler, and all four of the women got the Southwest Salad. Everyone had a great time, as always. And Michael was the gracious host that he always is.Good food, good people. Doesn't get much better than that.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,11/13/2011,46,97,2,7,4>I can't tell you how many times I would pass this place up from I-88. I always wanted to give them a go not knowing too much about except that they have an awesome name. :) I went on a Thursday night with a good size group. Walking in I thought the place was pretty nice but maybe just a LITTLE too dim. They could really use some quiet tunes playing over head because I almost could have fallen asleep from the dark lights and a few glasses of wine. A friend and I started off at the bar with some wine. LOVED the bar. Very cool bottle/light set up on the wall. Great service as well. We moved over to a table with our group still in the bar area. I had ordered the steak salad. I really enjoyed it!! Great flavors and a good size for the price. Maybe next time no mushrooms though. A bit too many for my taste. Clean restrooms with yummy vanilla candles burning. :) I think this is a great date spot for sure or a spot for a night cap! I will def give them another go since I enjoyed the night and had pretty good service. Maybe sometime when I am not watching my carbs I can try one of the yummy looking desserts that I watched others enjoy. LOL Cheers!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,11/12/2011,31,78,4,6,4>The food is really good, the service is friendly. It's just a really cozy friendly laid back place to eat or pick up some grub. I've had a couple of dishes here and the empanadas and a smoothie or two - all were delicious and affordable. But the real reason for loving this place is...THE LENTIL SOUP HERE IS THE BEST EVER WONDERFUL!I have to do battle with my craving for this soup every day I come home from work. I thought that nobody could do lentil soup as good as Sultan's Market but this place does it just as good or even better (I've never done a side-by-side!). So amazingly delicious and completely affordable. Most often I get a cup to go and it's finished by the time I reach my doorstep. Yum. I want some right now.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,11/11/2011,78,586,4,7,5>I've wanted to try this place for a long time, but it's on the side of a small strip mall and not very visible. So I am seldom reminded of it when driving in the area. But recently I was foraging for something different to eat and recalled my desire to check it out, so I did. There are only about a dozen tables - and all but one were seated, so I was lucky to get the last spot.The menu has a good selection of appetizers and soup, along with about a dozen entrees mostly at or below $10. Started out with some Cheburek, which was ground meat inside a deep fried pastry shell. This dish was fair - it really needed some kind of sauce with it - kind of bland. But, I figured that Uzbek food might be like this (I've never been much of a fan of Middle Eastern or Russian cuisine, and I get the sense that this is a blend of both). Next was Samsa, a baked meat filled pastry served with an Uzbek "ketchup-like" sauce. Excellent - tons of flavor and only $3.Then tried the Mastava soup along with some Lepeshka (Uzbek bread). The soup was a blend of meat, rice and vegetables. One of the waiters (who I knew from his having worked at another place I frequent) suggested adding kefir to the soup; apparently this is often done to cut back on the oiliness of the soup. So I tried a few spoonfuls then added the kefir, which altered the taste. Either way it was good - I'd give the nod to the "kefir-added" style. The Lepeshka was a small loaf of bread - kind of sunken in the center. At first glance, I was worried that it might be a little dry, but after breaking into it and spreading on some butter, it was quite moist and tasty.Finally, for dinner I ordered the chicken kabobs. Served with rice, some sliced onions and sliced pickled pepper, it too was very tasty and flavorful. Came with the ketchup sauce. Not a large portion, but given all the appetizers and soup I consumed, I didn't need a lot more. Ended up taking 1/2 of that and 1/2 the bread home, which I just finished tonight.Overall, this restaurant proved to be a pleasant surprise and one that I will return to again. The food I ordered was unusual, but ANYONE could order and enjoy it and try a foreign dish seldom seen in our many multicultural offerings that is so special and unique about the Chicagoland area.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,11/10/2011,287,787,6,10,12>I finally got around to visiting!  My favorite nail spot is in the same area so methinks I will be planning my nail visits around lunches at Naf Naf. I ordered a chicken shwarma pita, upgraded 2bux extra for the special and they throw in another side and a drink.  Not a bad deal.  The chicken shwarma was delicious--the chicken was very tender and so tasty.  It paired well with the cucumber salad that is added into the pita.  Soooo good.  I got a side of the lentil soup, it was thick and very warming, just a little on the bland side. So much has been said in other reviews about their pita bread and I go along with the majority to say that it is indeed delicious and probably the fluffiest pita bread I've ever had. So soft and light--like a delicious pillow!Because we were so impressed with our food, we brought home the veggie platter for later for dinner. The veggie platter is  hummus, baba ghanouj, tabule salad, cabbage salad, 6 falafels and 2 pita.  Everything was delicious.  Usually I stray from Falafel because I find it kind of bland and worse yet--greasy.  Not these Falafel balls.  It was very light, had a very good flavor and not greasy at all.  The hummus was very creamy and had a nice subtle nutty flavor. The Tabule was so fresh--great flavor, hint of something citrusy. The Baba Ghanouj was definitely my favorite--nice smoky eggplant flavor--the smokiness was not overpowering at all, very smooth and so delicious with the pita.  The space is nice and very clean--not much in decor. Service was friendly and didn't mind all my questions since I was newbie to this place.  Too bad it's so far from home--I'm thinking about that chicken shwarma again.  Time to book my manicure--that now means lunch at Naf Naf--hooray!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,11/9/2011,298,465,1,8,5>So I have been to a few of these "types" of places and this one was my favorite by far when it comes to an active play area!  We got there at about 9:40 AM, this morning (Friday) and it was surprisingly already a little bit busy, I'd say about 15 kids.  The staff was beyond friendly and super inviting!  The space is very nice and welcoming and there is plenty of tables and chairs for your stuff for when you need to step out of the play zone for a snack break.  They serve Seattle's Best coffee and a bunch of snack-type foods for purchase, for those of you who were wondering. =] So we paid and went in and the kids couldn't wait to start running around!  This is definitely a gross motor type play area, in that, everything is large and meant for climbing, sliding, jumping, etc.  They do not have any kind of make believe type play at this spot, which I actually liked, it was just meant for them to run around and burn off energy!  The equipment was all super clean, as was the floor, I didn't leave with black bottom socks which was refreshing. =]  It definitely did start to get pretty crowded as it got closer to lunch time so we cut our time a little short, but for only $7.50 per child, I had absolutely no buyers remorse!  LMB will definitely be at the top of my "morning indoor play spots" list!  Can't wait to bring the kids back!**And PS...if you order a drink when you get there, they will come and hand deliver it to you in the play area so you never have to leave your kids unattended!  Nice!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,11/8/2011,43,217,4,6,5>My parents were in town to visit and raving about all the great new breweries they got to try on their East Coast vacation and I thought I'd show off a little of our own delish micro brewed beer and finally get over to Two Brothers Roundhouse.If there is one thing that I think can be hit or miss about Two Brothers in Warrenville is their food. Its classic bar grub and is usually good, but nothing to rave about...so I had no great expectations for their food. Boy was I wrong! The apps were hard to choose from, small plate options all looked fantastic, and I wanted one of each of the full entrees! We sat down and ordered a few two brothers brews (which, it seems like they are getting a little more experimental with that too!! We tried a few new ones and got some old favorites - can't go to Two Brothers without some Cane and Ebel!). We decided to go with the chips and dip - yeah, not the most adventurous choice - but not a mistake! I kept going back and forth on which was better - the ranch dip or the beer cheese dip - but how is someone to make a choice like that??! All I could do was thank Two Brothers for not making me make that choice. The fiance was being lame and just got a Roundhouse burger, refusing to go with a few small plates to split with me. Luckily my dad was being more adventurous then usual and opted to get two small plates each with me. We sampled the pork belly tacos, seared scallops, spare rib risotto, and chili relleno. First off - its like Two Brothers was trying to win back my heart - pork belly plus Cane and Ebel = love. The scallops were seared perfectly and had a sweet chilli sauce that was so perfect it brought tears to my eyes!! The chili relleno was flavorful and very enjoyable. However, the show stealer was the spare rib risotto. The spare rib was fine, but the risotto was amazing!!!!!!!!!!! I felt bad as I know I hogged it, and I didn't care. Fiance was a little disappointed in the burger as the adobo sauce took over - everything else was enjoyable though. Mom got a roast beef sandwich with some seriously delicious mashed potatoes. Thanks for stepping it up, Two Brothers! We will be back!!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,11/7/2011,127,193,8,10,8>Get outta town!  A local, café-like shop just a few blocks from my house?What was once many years ago a travel agent (remember those?) and subsequently the second half of a shady pizza place is now a bright spot and great success story, in a quiet part of Lombard; that's to say, quiet except for the high school kids' foot traffic.  *waves old man cane* "Get off my lawn!"Senior moments aside, Momz and I took a walk down here on a whim.  I can't tell you how many times I pass La France per week, but I always meant to get there, and I'm glad we did.  Chef Ben is *exactly* the kind of person I would want to be greeted by any day of the week.  He's close enough; maybe if I pay him a few bucks, he'll agree to wait for me at my place, and when I walk in the door, he can launch into a barrage of "BONJOUR!  Bonjourbonjourbonjourbonjour..."Back to the crepe escape.  Using some of the only French I know, which I learned from watching an old tv commercial for Brawny paper towels, I say, "C'est magnifique!"I tried the crepe Curry a l'Indienne- chicken, mild curry sauce with figs.  It was sweet, savory, and to add a little bravery, I asked Chef Ben's assistant if she could make it a little spicier, to which she gave an enthusiastic YEAH!  She even plated a small dollop of sour cream on the side to help take it down a notch in heat.  Appreciated, but not needed.  Dare I say, it was delicious, but all a little on the heavy side.  As good cooking should be!Mom got the Poulex aux Câpres- capers, red onion, spinach and crème frâiche.  Similar to a Chicken "Caprayzee" as one might say in Italian-American speak.  Top it all off with a nice latte, and I was almost in need of a midday snoozer.  Next time, it's breakfast time, and I believe the Nutella crepe will be calling my name.  I plan to make my presence here known a little bit more.  After all, not many people can say they've got a little bit of La France in their backyard, and mean it!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,11/6/2011,771,552,6,10,8>This place was the Schnit-zel!! Get it? Lame, I know. lol Angie P made reservations for a Saturday night at 7:45 pm. As always, I rolled up late but we didn't even need a reservation, there was PLENTY of seating. We got a cozy booth and got down to business. We all got some delicious German beer. Ange and her hubby ordered Das Boot (2 liters of booze) Yea. The beer was good but strong, I'm not complaining though. For appetizers we ordered the Heisse Wurstplatte (Chef's assorted sausages) and the potato pancakes. That my friends, would have been enough to feed the four of us. But no, like Ange P said, we split 2 meals, the veal and pork Schnitzel. Both were the Schnit =p The plates were huge and came with hefty sides. One of them being these delicious little noodles that left me wanting more. I also ordered the Frankfurters which was pretty unnecessary. Afterwards, our waiter came with a huge selection of cakes. We had to say no, we were too full. They looked amazing though. I'm glad that we tried this place, otherwise, I would have never ever stepped foot in there.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,11/5/2011,82,199,2,3,3>Love! When I'm making my respite care rounds, I take my kiddos with disabilities here all the time. It has such incredible sensory activities and the kids love it. Favorite common activities between all my kids- wind tunnel, water table, bubble play area, glow sticks, and the shadow photo chamber.Once I was there during the typical public school spring break. It was INSANE! No spots and my girl's handicap placard was expired so I left it at home that day. I explained the situation to the museum- they found me someplace to park that was safe for me and my girl. Then, the police came and booted my spot. Guess what? Both the police and the museum worked together (without even so much as a request) to find me another spot to park in! And while I moved the car, an employee stayed with my girl because of the insane amount of work involved to get her in and out of the car. I love you children's museum!The coolest part? The museum actually has a policy where caregivers of children with disabilities can get in free. Unfortunately I haven't been able to utilize because there must be another guardian there. For example, if you are a mother of 5 and your eldest child has Down syndrome, you would be able to bring a caregiver specifically for the eldest child for free. I love it! They also have PECS books available by request- talk about PREPARED! Love, love, love it!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,11/4/2011,213,305,4,7,6>My boyfriend and I met our friend Shyam S. for brunch here a couple weekends ago.  We were pretty stoked to try out Dick Portillo's newest restaurant venture - and we weren't alone.  It was Sunday morning, and the place was pretty full.  Happily, we didn't have very long to wait - maybe fifteen minutes?  Which was good, 'cause the slideshow of menu pictures being shown on the waiting area flatscreen TV was making me droooooooool.Now, I'm usually a "savory" breakfast person, but Honey Jam's menu abounds with sugary breakfast treats that could double as dessert, so I thought I'd branch out a little and try one of those.  My Crazy Monkey Waffle was delightful: bananas, chocolate chips, peanut butter sauce, and freshly whipped cream on a big ol' Belgian waffle.  (Side note: the waitress asked if I'd like my waffle "regular" or "crispy," which was AWESOME since I love crispier waffles.)  If I had one complaint to give about my waffle, it would be that there wasn't nearly enough peanut butter sauce.  Other than that, it was perfect, and there was enough to take half of it home.  I supplemented my meal with a side of thick, crispy bacon.  Maybe the best bacon I've ever had, and I'm a bacon connoisseur.  It was that good.My boyfriend got the Bananas Foster French Toast, which was good, but...too sweet for me.  I love sweet stuff, but even I have my limits at breakfast time.  See Shyam S.'s review for his description of the awesome honey dijon dressing with his salad.  He's not kidding, it's some freaking amazing dressing.Other than that: service was good, and the ambiance was kind of like if Portillo's had a baby with Walker Brothers.  Now that's one tasty baby!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/3/2011,273,603,5,7,6>My family loves The Dogfather!  I can't blame them really...it's good, fast food.  My son can't get enough of the mozzarella sticks.  They aren't "normal" sticks.  They are sooooo much better.  It's a flour tortilla rolled up with cheese inside and deep fried.  He doesn't even bother with the marinara sauce.  (Don't worry, it doesn't go to waste around here.)The gyros are at the top of my hubby's Must Have List.  He rarely finishes the sandwich because it is so large.  He also likes to nibble on the french fries.  Nothing extraordinary - BUT, they are fried correctly.  They aren't overly greasy or overly salted.  They are crisp and just right.Finally, my favs...  The Italian sausage and beef combo sandwich is delicious.  The sausage is seasoned really well.  I thought it was possible that they make their own sausage, but my husband insists that I am wrong.  Honestly, I can't bring myself to ask.  It's good.  That's all that I know for sure.  The onion rings are beer battered, not breaded with that crumbly, crunchy stuff.  Those are mighty fine, too.  Finally, I am a fan of their burger.  I like it cooked a bit on the well side with crispy bacon.  It's a good size and I usually don't finish it.Take the time to head in for lunch or dinner.  It's a nice break from all the pizza in Bartlett.  ;-)
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,11/2/2011,49,309,5,6,5>We had no problems being seated at 6:30 on a Sunday! We did have a reservation (as recommended by our Groupon) and Sundays are known to be a bit slower in restaurants, especially during the school year. We were seated immediately and the only ones on our side of the table. We were served drinks and our appetizer promptly. Luckily, the rest of our table (must all be seated to get hibachi started) came within 15 minutes and we didn't even notice they were waiting to start! The show was fantastic and I was pleased he didn't try to throw shrimp in my mouth. Yuck. The show was nice and entertaining. We were served tons of food! I ordered the vegetable hibachi and my husband had the chicken. We each received a soup, rice, salad with that incredible ginger dressing, our meals, shrimp appetizer, and ice cream for $16 and $17 each. We were SO STUFFED. The wonderful server knew that I was a veggie because I told him I'd prefer steamed rice instead of the fried rice (w/egg). He then told me that the soup is made with chicken broth and if I'd prefer a miso instead! How nice of him to make the effort!We ordered edamame, two hibachi dinners, 1 large Asahi, 1 soda, 1 pineapple juice... all for the price of our groupon = $25! I thought it was an exceptional price for all we received. Of course originally it was $50 but not for us! For those without groupons, they offered 20% off just as customer appreciation for EVERYONE else no matter what they ordered. People were happy all around us.We thought the service was great, the place was spacious and clean, and the food was great! We were a bit confused by the Chinese look with Japanese food inside, but whatever... glad this building was taken over and not left vacant like so many other buildings. We'll absolutely be back for hibachi again soon at Tairyo.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,11/1/2011,136,719,2,9,4>Amazing place to rest, relax, and recharge after a busy commute, workday, or just to get away without going away!If you don't want a full meal at the great cafeteria (salads, sandwiches, and made-to-order specials) you can sip a hot chocolate or coffee (they have soy milk!) and even grab a snack at the little coffee shop.Their store has some great seasonal items, and a great little sale section in the back corner.We've made a tradition of attending the Halloween-themed theater hike. They also feature great open-air evening concerts. We attended our first last summer, it was Huey Lewis.The trolley gives everyone a great behind-the-scenes perspective on the arboretum's background and preservation work.Members get discounts in the store and when they're registering for classes and other special events like concerts and theater-hikes.In summer, be sure to bring adequate hiking apparel/shoewear and plenty of mosquito repellent--even useful advice for  attending the theater hikes.Don't miss their online resources, such as blogs and other information shared by their very talented scientists.I love walking around the Thornhill Center, especially in spring, when the perfume garden is at its best. The secret reflection pond in the kids garden area is spectacular, and the hedge maze is great fun for adults or kids alike.Don't forget your camera, there's always something to capture.The volunteers are all very helpful and great to talk to. I can't say enough good things about this place.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,10/31/2011,50,42,5,11,8>You know what they say, sometimes the best things are right in front of you. I have lived nearby Kinta for YEARS and hadn't stepped foot inside until a few days ago. Bad foodie! Bad foodie, indeed.I had a sushi craving so I ordered a rainbow roll to go, but upon walking in I would totally eat in next time. They even have a sushi bar! Despite having just expanded, the atmosphere was still intimate and cozy. Now to the food - the rainbow roll was so fresh and the miso soup hit the spot on a gloomy fall day. My only gripe is that the sushi pieces were super huge and frankly easier to eat with my hands rather than chopsticks. This gripe is small though because you get a great value for your dollar due to the size of the sushi. Also, the roll survived a walk home so that just speaks to the quality of the roll.Also, I want to try a bunch of the other items on the menu. It seems to have a good balance between sushi and non sushi so you non sushi people have no fear! They also seem to have great lunch specials!I will absolutely be walking over to Kinta again in the near future. But for the rest of you, come visit! Don't be weary of the fact that it is next to a 7-11 in strip-mall. Kinta will absolutely surprise you!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,10/30/2011,140,273,1,9,3>Okay, this place is so good that I'll overlook the horrid font used on their menu and give them a good review. ;-)  xnipec.usWe decided to go outside of our comfort zone and try this place, as we live so close to it and all! Let me tell you, we were super pleasantly surprised! I've never had Mayan food and I must say I am a fan.We called ahead, a bit worried that on a Thursday after 5:30 there may be some commuters taking over the joint. We asked to reserve a table for 2 away from the door (Brr!) and when we arrived they already had water, chips and salsa there for us. A cute little touch! If you like spice, try the habanero salsa. Yum. The other salsa is not spicy, just flavorful.I ordered the Sangria which was good, hearty and full of chopped fruit. He enjoyed his margarita (served in a wine glass?) though it wasn't totally a-mazing. No complaints, though. We read tons of reviews before coming in and knew it was important to try the Combinado Yucateco appetizer for $12. It comes with 1 Pescadilla 1 Vaporcito 1 Taco de Cochinita and 1 Taco de Pez. OH MY GOD. It was all so delicious! Try this, if nothing else. We split each item and it had us wanting more. It was great to get a taste of everything. For dinner, I had the Panuchos y Salbutes which were super good - even the soup on the side was good - but it had a bit too much of the pink cabbage for my liking. Not a big deal, it's manageable and you can just take some off. He had the Enchiladas Placeras and they were really tasty too! After the chips and salsa and the combo plate we could not finish our meals - it's a good amount of food. All in all it was a nice experience. They do show a movie on Thursdays which is different, but nice. There were only 2 other couples there while we were there so we enjoyed the quiet evening together. We even stayed for an extra round of drinks and relaxed and the guys were nice about it. We spent a good amount of money here but appreciated the cuisine a lot so it was a nice treat. Service was pretty good and they seemed to appreciate it a lot when we complimented the food - a couple of times! I could see it getting a bit hairy if it is a busy time of day or week, for sure.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,10/29/2011,60,239,6,7,6>It seems that "gourmet" burgers seems to be THE hot thing in the casual culinary trade these days.  I say "Bravo" to this new trend.Tried Labriola for the first time last night and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the Richie burger and loved it and the peel-on fries.  The burger was juicy, with a nice char and great seasonings that reminded me of a good steak rub.  Serve it on a pretzel roll and you have a perfect sandwich.  Next time I order one, I'll skip the ketchup or apply sparingly.  This really is a flavorful burger whose flavor you don't want to dilute.Our group also sampled cookies and pastries and they were quite good as well.When you walk in, be ready for a multi-sensory experience.  Not only great decor and inviting dining areas but it smells soooo good.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,10/28/2011,294,135,7,9,7>Unagi? Yes, please!Spicy Tuna? Oh yeah!I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE me some sushi!I've been here several times and each time I'll try something new, but I'll always start off with Unagi & Spicy Tuna. The Unagi is perfect for easing somebody into sushi. I always tell my friends that it's like eating BBQ chicken on rice. The Spicy Tuna is pretty good too, just enough kick to it, but not too much to the point that it'll destroy your mouth.I recommend the Salmon Skin Roll and highly recommend the Philadelphia Roll. I LOVE the Philadelphia Roll! I know it's just salmon, avocado, & Philadelphia cream cheese, but for some reason I keep thinking smoked ham whenever I eat it and I can't get enough of it!This place is nothing fancy, but the sushi, in my experience so far, has been pretty darn good, the service is fast and friendly, and the prices aren't outrageous. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the area and need to get my sushi fix.Holla!!!™
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/27/2011,122,412,6,7,6>Not a bad little bar in downtown Elmhurst.We met some friends here over the weekend. This bar gets pretty crowded most weekends, but on Labor Day it was pretty empty.This is my second visit and I've been pleasantly surprised both times. It's a bar that knows what it is and doesn't try to be something it isn't.Pros:- Great outdoor patio - very comfortable and a great place to enjoy a beer.- Healthy food items - Usually when you end up at a bar, healthy eating goes out the door. Pints, however, offers a delicious hummus platter and a veggie black bean burger. Awesome!- Good bloody marys. They actually give you a decent size beer chaser, which the guys appreciated.Cons:-The guys were slightly disappointed in the scotch choices offered. But hey, it's a casual bar - what do you expect, right?All in all, Pints is a great place to while away an afternoon with friends, enjoy a decent lunch, with veggie options, or watch a sporting event.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,10/26/2011,31,287,2,7,4>Wonton Gourmet is also one of the few standing restaurants that I have been going to for 15 years that is still around and hasn't changed. If anything, it has gotten better since they moved to a bigger location awhile back. This is the place that I go to when I crave Chinatown food but don't want to drive into the city. Each time I go, I order the BBQ pork chow mein (Cantonese style). It's Chinese BBQ with a light soy gravy over Cantonese pan fried noodles. I have also tried the beef and gailan chow fun, shrimp and scrambled egg over rice, shrimp and lobster sauce over rice, and pot stickers to name a few.Most recently, my friend introduced me to pepper beef with chow fun noodles. It's beef stir fried with black pepper and green peppers in a soy gravy over wide rice noodles. He ordered the noodles crispy and it made all of the difference. The crispy texture went well with the savory goodness from the sauce. It's definitely a dish that I recommend ordering. Wonton Gourmet is good straight up Cantonese food the way it should be at affordable prices. If you live in the suburbs and don't want to make the trip to Chinatown, Wonton Gourmet will satisfy your craving.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,10/25/2011,32,137,3,7,6>Who would have thought that a sushi restaurant next to a tanning salon and JJs fish would actually be palatable? When we arrived on Wednesday night, there was only one other group there so it was a little awkward at first, but thank goodness they had music playing. The waiter was friendly and welcoming, as was the chef.  We ordered the ahi tuna appetizer, kamikaze roll, Chicago wild, and Spider roll. All three were yummy, but the kamikaze could have used a little less mayo. Oh and they brought our sushi out on a big boat, pretty rad. The ahi tuna appetizer was delicious as well.The waiter brought over not one, but two free samples of items from the chef that were on the menu. I wish I remembered what they were because they were SO good. The first was a jalapeno stuffed with spicy tuna and fried tempura style.  The second was a type of tuna marinated in soy sauce and green onions (I think). I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. As we were finishing up three other couples arrived, causing our waiter to kind of forget to give us our check. We weren't in a hurry so it didn't really bother us, we just gently reminded him. The only thing I would change is to reduce their prices slightly. To go along with what others have been saying - If you haven't been here since the new owner took over give it another shot.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,10/24/2011,168,718,7,6,6>Thank you again to McGonigal's for some more amazing experiences.Not wanting to admit exactly how often I go here, I have been here about 5 times since my last review.  I have gone for dinner, lunch, and another bar crawl since then, and every experience I have had has been nothing short of awesome.My favorite things there are the strong mixed drinks, the fries, and the chicken sandwich.  The chicken is seriously so juicy and not dried out, and it comes on a delicious pretzel roll--you can't go wrong with that amazingness!!On the pub crawl the other day, my friends and I were a HUGE group of 15 people, and our waitress kept up with us like it was nothing.  She even got us a plate of pickles.  I wish I could remember her name and the girl who served us before that, because they were awesome.  I think I will have to go back JUST to inquire about this.  Their boss needs to know how great they are!The place is clean, fun, and a great time all around!  Oh, and my friend wants me to say that she was disappointed that there was no foamy soap, BUT she really, really liked the paper towels in the bathroom :)
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,10/23/2011,223,313,9,9,8>So I think it's a good sign that I like a bar when I get properly sauced there twice in the same week.  I'm glad I discovered this place through a recent Yelp event.  So glad that I was back there 2 nights later to drink some good beer... and drink... and drink.Bigby's is tucked behind an Italian deli, so keep your eyes peeled for their sign.  I didn't know what to expect from the outside but once I stepped foot inside the beer cave, I knew I would like the place.Right when you walk in, there are 2 tall beer shelves to your left full of craft beers and wine to your right.  This is basically their drink menu, but they also have a chalkboard up on the wall with a list of beers they have on tap.  The cool part is their voting system.  Just grab some glass pebbles and drop them into whichever beer or wine you want to see appear on the menu.  The contenders are on the outside wall and the current choices on the inner.The service is super friendly and knowledgeable on the beer selection.  Plus they'll gladly offer free samples if you're not sure what to order.  They also have a small, but tasty selection of tapas style eats.  The Muddy Pig is awesome (bacon & chocolate, hell yah!), but the S'mores Flatbread is money.I brought some friends here and now they are fans as well.  This joint is a perfect place to chill, while drinking some good beer.  Plus there are plenty of board games to play and maybe even challenge the owner Ed to a game of chess.  From the scoreboard on the wall, he's either a chess master or his opponents were drunkards.  Either way a great place to drink and have fun.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,10/22/2011,81,277,4,5,5>Now, I have gotten my hair cut and styled at a lot of places. A few family members began going to Exposed because it was so close to where we live. There really are a million places to get your hair cut in the suburbs, but this place had just opened and the decorating of the salon was very cool so I also eventually stopped in. The cuts were always great, but soon I went away to college and just never made it back in. A few weeks ago I needed a really good hair cut and didn't feel like driving all the way down to the city to the place I have been going for a few months. So, I knew what to do, call up Exposed and try and get an appointment with Anna. She was booked as I expected, but they took my name and promised to call if they had a cancellation. They did, and the experience was as wonderful as I remembered. Love the cut and can sleep easy knowing that I can always count on Anna at Exposed to give a great precision hair cut!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/21/2011,151,667,4,5,5>Short of visiting a local farmers market, you won't find fresher produce in the Chicagoland area and at a very reasonable price! Caputos offers a large selection of apples, nuts, onions, and other raw treats. The main draw is unquestionably the produce section. If you're a real bargain hunter, look under the displays for mixed boxes of bruised or slightly old goodies. You can get enough peppers and squash to make a huge soup or other cooked dish for two bucks! Yes!I tend to avoid getting any boxed or canned goods at Caputos only because their prices tend to be higher than Ultra Food, Sams Club or Costco. It is cheaper to bulk up elsewhere on the staples, plus I make most of my own food, so I can't comment on the deli, even though there look like a lot of very tasty treats there. The one other area I hit before checking out would be the bread aisle. They have a fantastic selection of Italian style bread which goes great toasted with a little bit of garlic and olive oil. You can't beat it!Highly recommended as a great stop to replenish your produce inventory!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,10/20/2011,116,200,9,8,7>I had been fiending for some BBQ for a while now, not sure why. I mean besides the fact that I'm a fat guy and the smells of grilled meat are like pheromones, drifting across the African veldt like so much prey attracting a hungry lion. So I was picking up some sushi from Sushi Today for the wife and remembered there was this new BBQ joint next door so let's try it, right? Right. I was in no mood to dawdle so I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries and got the fuck out of dodge to get my sushi order and go home. The staff was courteous and the food was up pretty quickly so I have no complaints about that. Got home, dug in and found the pork sandwich with accompanying BBQ sauce totally good. It was more chopped than pulled but it's pork, I'm a fat guy and that means I liked it. The problem came when I tried the sweet potato fries. The last sweet potato fries I had were at Mr Bartley's Burger Cottage in Cambridge and I was so very afraid to order them again, for fear I would experience the same tasteless, greasy nonsense I had back then. I'm sorry to say I was in the wrong again. The bad sweet potato fries strike back! Am I just a fry snob? Is my radar for these things off kilter? I ended up adding my own salt and was able to eat them that way but off the bat both my wife and I both said they had no taste and were, and I quote, "yucky." Oh Julian's BBQ and Grill, I am disappoint. I saw the option for bacon cheddar fries on the menu and second guessed myself and went for the sweet potato option. That will not be a mistake I make twice. Next time I'm in the area for a sushi run I will visit Julian's again but won't be ordering those sweet potato fries again. Still, the BBQ was good and I'm a fan.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,10/19/2011,58,186,6,7,5>WHAT?!!!  Stuffed Chicken wings???No way!  OK.  When I was dating my wife back in the day, she would make me this dish to win me over.  Haha.  In all my years, I've never seen it in a Thai place!  That instantly gives this place major props because she never makes it for me anymore.  HAHA.How did it taste?  AWESOME!  That's because they fried it instead of the "healthier" method my wife uses, which is baking.  Not to say the baked version is inferior.. *wink *wink.Oh, yeah, the rest of the dishes we ordered were also fantastic.  Probably the best Thai in the area.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,10/18/2011,38,95,1,5,2>Came here on a Friday evening about 7:00. When pulling into the lot, I was apprehensive because there were very few cars. On a Friday? At 7? Not a good sign. Decided to go in anyway. As we were reaching the door, a couple was coming out so we asked them how their meal was since it appeared fairly vacant. They told us that it was very good and don't worry. Upon entering towards the host stand, we were greeted nicely and shown our seating. Our waiter, Nick, came by and introduced himself, explained the menu and took our drink order. I ordered a martini - up. Small gripe here. It was not the greatest, not cold enough, too much vermouth. Oh well. Here is the lowdown on the food: Salad bar was decent, nice assortment of items. The roasted meats served by the gauchos were excellent. The house specialty, pichana, along with the beef ribs were especially tasty. In fact all of the meats I had were very good. Our whole group of four were in agreement on the quality. The service from all of the staff was very friendly and polite. Now back to my small gripe about my drink. When it came time to pay the bill, I saw there was an extra charge for having my martini "up". Huh? I asked what that was about and received an explanation that it was more expensive to make because it did not have ice. Once again, Huh? I then explained that a price for a martini should be one price and this is the first time I have ever seen something like an up-charge. Oh well. Overall, the restaurant had very good food, good service, dinner pricing was better than most Brazilian restaurants. Drinks, both hard and soft were pricey. I would give it a solid 4 if not for the ridiculous "up" charge. Hey, on second thought, I am still going to give it a 4 anyway. Everything else was at that level. Don't be afraid to go here. It is a nice place with a nice atmosphere to go along with the food and service. They certainly deserve to be busier. Cheers to All.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,10/17/2011,85,310,1,7,4>I would give Thai Cafe 6 Stars if I could. I've written over 100 reviews and find this place better than all.The food is excellent, of course, and reasonably priced. But it is all of the other things they do that separates them from everyone else. We called in an order from a downtown Downers Grove business and Thai Cafe delivered at no-charge and were absolutely delighted to do so. I stopped in last night to place an order after a long drive back from Wisconsin. They brought me a complimentary soup while I was waiting. I asked to use their restroom - it's not a public restroom - and had to walk through the kitchen, the place was immaculate. The bathroom was pristine as were the food prep area and where they do the dishes. I was very impressed as these are not areas open to the public and it speaks volumes about how they run their business.This is one of those places that you find yourself really rooting for. I'm glad Yelp gives me the forum to do so.The Basil dishes are fantastic!
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,10/16/2011,172,208,2,4,4>In my eternal struggle to find awesome breakfast places I have found me another keeper. Maxfield's is located inside a strip mall on the corner of Plum Grove & Schaumburg Rd. We wanted to get some nice breakfast on a gorgeous Sunday morning and we let Yelp decide.There were some larger groups waiting outside, but since there was only two of us we got seated right away. The menu is extensive if you figure in the lunch menu, but we were here early so it was breakfast only. I wanted to deviate from my usual omelet order so I got Pork Chop & Two Eggs, and the wife ordered an Athenian omelet. I decide to order some Cinnamon Apple Crepes since it sounded delish. Our server was very good as she kept our coffee cups filled and checked in on us frequently. The food came out pretty quick, which was good since I was famished. The Pork Chops were served still in the marinade, and they were so tender and tasty. The wife seemed to be enjoying her omelet so I let her be. I must say that the Cinnamon Apple Crepe was fantastic! The sweet cinnamon sugar glazed on top of the apples and crepes was great. I know we will be back here often, I even want to try out the lunch menu. We have now found another good breakfast alternative to the mundane Denny's and IHop in the area.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,10/15/2011,35,98,4,5,4>Ok i'm a sucker for the ambiance and Irishness of it all, so already that's a win in my book. I recently went here with the hubster to partake in some happy hour eats. We like bar food, I know we're an odd pair. So we sampled the fried pickles, flat bread and nachos. The fried pickles were awesome, but pickles are already awesome so put them in a steamy greasy batter and it's taken to the next level! The flat bread was also nice and mild in flavor but something I would probably get again. The nachos though were just eh. I would skip those, as I could make them the same way at home. I've eaten here one other time and had the Vegetable Boxty which was good but very heavy and rich. So the summer months are not the time I would want something like that, IMO. The star stealer of this show however was the bread pudding. Oh my bajezzus! First time ever having bread pudding and it was so much better than I expected. It's warm, cake like cinnamon-y goodness! Plus they top the thing with some Whiskey creation from the heavens. Seriously. I could come to this place for just plates of the stuff. The only thing that could make this better would be a side of ice cream, but still without it it's still amazing!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,10/14/2011,24,93,2,5,6>Chicago Prime has become a regular haunt for us.The food is excellent, the wine selection superb and the wait staff are true professionals.We have worked our way through most of the menu at Prime over the last couple of years.Escargot, calamari, beet salad.. check, check.. check.. Well prepared and flavorful without being too much.For those at the table not interested in eating snails, simply dipping the table bread (which is excellent as well) into the butter sauce is a treat unto itself.Filet, sirloin, ribeye, prime rib, salmon, halibut.  Check, check, check, check and yup.. check.. Every entree we have had at Prime has been excellent.Make sure you know what rare, medium rare, medium etc.. actually mean when ordering a steak at Prime.  Because THEY do know and that's how you will get your steak.  This is not Outback.  And thankfully, it is also not Morton's.If, after the excellent bread, tasty appetizers, crispy salads and savory entree, you still have room for dessert, you are in for a treat.Creme Brulee and the truly decadent chocolate cake with raspberry sauce are two of our favorites along with the most recent special of strawberries, vanilla ice cream and a sinfully rich cream sauce.While the menu is excellent at Chicago Prime, one of my favorite things about the place is that the atmosphere in the place is up to date.  While there is no doubt you're in a steakhouse and the decore is upscale, it doesn't feel like you've walked into a cave.  Their dining room is spacious and they can accomodate larger parties in a separate room, they also have a very inviting lounge area.With live music most nights, we tend to park ourselves at a high top, have dinner listen to some good music and hang around for a while.For special events or when we're entertaining friends, we'll head to the dining room and spread out a bit.If you like a great steak, done exactly as you asked for, along with all the traditional steakhouse sides and some not so traditional, you will love Chicago Prime.We'll see you there!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,10/13/2011,191,194,6,18,6>I have never seen such a selection of Dosa and Uttapam.  Really imaginative and creative combinations.I had the Rava Masala Dosa with crispy fried onion in the batter.  It was unbelievably good.  My husband had the plain dosa but with crispy friend onion and green chili in the batter and he loved it so much he ordered a second one!  Now- my husband is not a big eater so this was pretty much "epic".The food is excellent no- doubt.  I  guess that's why they are pretty busy at times.  They are working out the kinks in opening a new restaurant and training staff, etc.  Yes, the wait staff is not comprised of an all Indian team, so they are learning to pronounce the dozens of different menu items.  But it's obvious that everyone is doing their best and I'm sure that they will soon be awesome : )
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,10/12/2011,371,418,5,10,5>There are a few signs that confirm you're supporting the right kind of business, 1) consistency 2) low turnover 3) how does that jingle go? "Where everybody knows your name!" I haven't been to Andrea's restaurant in 3 years last weekend it hit me like a freight train and I NEEDED Andrea's restaurant. There are more then a few reasons I hauled my ass from Downers Grove to Forrest Park for an omelet and soup. Andrea's rocks. I pulled up and I was kind of surprised that the parking lot wasn't full; it used to be always full on Sundays (church must have not been let out yet). I walked in and asked the same manager, Charlie, who worked there years back (as long as I can remember) for my favorite waitress to find out that she retired. Good for her :- ) I got a new waitress (surely the replacement of the aforementioned retiree, as I recognized all the other staff - busboys, waitresses and cooks). She was good, there was a little hiccup with my side order but she fixed it immediately. The food; I am half tempted to stop typing, and head straight back right now. Good quality ingredients, home made "mom" style flavor and huge portions. I always order the same thing for breakfast and egg white omelet with broccoli and cheese and rasin toast (which they butter - real butter - for you straight out of the toaster so it's all melty and awesome) and I always ask for my omelet burnt, I know it's weird, but that's what I like, and the cooks at Andrea's are the only cooks at any breakfast place I've ever been to that actually burn it for me. I think other places might be scared to over cook it even though I always try to emphasize how well done I want it. As usual, 3 years since my last visit and they burned my breakfast perfect JUST how I like it (and somehow they manage to keep the cheese gooey - yum!) My BF got a steak skillet and he was impressed with how much meat was in it. Before we left we ordered a big honkin container of cream of chicken rice soup (a Sunday staple at Andrea's) and took it home with us for dinner. I ALWAYS ask for slices of fresh lemon with the soup, I'm glad I remembered to still do that. We re-heated the soup for dinner and doused it with lemon and fresh black pepper and it hasn't changed an iota. This soup is hands down, no questions asked, the best soup on the planet. This soup makes all other soup hale in comparison. There is no match, not even close, no way. If I could only eat one kind of soup for the rest of my life, this would be it. Go there (on a Sunday) go ahead and set your expectation bar really high, order this soup, a little squeezy squeeze of the lemon a little pinchy pinch of pepper and you can thank me later. The bathroom here is teeny tiny itsy bitsy and there's only one, but I haven't had a problem with a line or anything. Parking lot is a little small but it's cool if you park on the street legally and not worry about tickets or being towed. (iirc there are some snow restrictions, but I'm not sure).
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,10/11/2011,49,311,5,7,6>A great place to come and have a beer... or two and also chow down on some good, comfort food.   The atmosphere is trending towards cleptic, but it is festive. The wait staff was very friendly and efficient.  Our waitress was a gem at helping me wade thru all the beer choices to selected the perfect one for me and boy was it good!The food was also outstanding.  The menu is not too extensive so if your in a group with a lot of picky eaters, then it may be an issue.  However, if your group is made up of, "lets give that a try" or "I'll have what he's eating," then you'll be happy with the menu.   The food comes out with presentation one would expect at a bar and it is so good you practically don't put it down.   The only time I put mine down was to mop up the grease off my hand which was dripping from the outstanding cheese burger I was chowing down.   This is yet another, Yelp success story, for I only came here after reading the reviews on Yelp... Thanks fellow Yelpers!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/10/2011,33,144,12,11,11>Burgers are getting fancier by the day. Why, it won't be long before they're all wearing monocles and top hats, prancing about with diamond tipped canes saying things like "cheerio, old chap, shame about the polo match last night, wasn't it?"But if they're talking, then that means they'll have gained intelligence. And if they've gained intelligence, they might turn the tables on us. Before you know it, hamburgers will be eating people! IT'S IN REVELATION!!!!!Whoa... calm down, buddy.Sorry about that.DMK is a pretty tasty addition to the high quality, crazy topping, gourmet burger scene that's growing and is particularly popular along Butterfield Rd.The burgers are very tasty. Nice a juicy, cooked just right, with a lot of flavor. They have a lot of interesting topping choices that skew even more haute cuisine than some other places which is kinda fun. The fries are fresh cute and delicious and you can get them with a ton of great toppings. We got the Wisconsin Cheddar ones, which, word to the wise, are made with a really strong cheddar. Not for everyone, but damn did I find them delicious. Oh and the milkshake. Thick as hell and tasting exactly like a peanut butter cup in a glass. I can still taste it, it was as close to perfect as a mortal will get.My one big complaint was the complete lack of customizability. Basically, they have a dozen or so pre-made varieties to choose from and you go with those. So if you think some of the toppings on 2 sound delicious with some of the toppings on 5, tough. All I wanted was to swap out the cheese (can't stand blue) on my sandwich and they gave me kind of a hard time. In the end, they wouldn't put the other cheese on the burger, but gave it to me on the side to do myself. How much sense does that make? If they're making them fresh anyway, I don't see why it's so difficult to do things your own way.Oh well, it's not a major complaint. Overall it's a pretty cool place and while it won't replace Tom and Eddie's or Labriola for us, I like it a lot and we'll definitely be back. If only for those milkshakes.... and to eat enough burgers that they can't rise up.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,10/9/2011,646,300,5,5,5>I finally made it to Two Brothers Tap House. Funny thing is one of my company's vendors is located on the other side of the street. Hooray for yelp's android app on my phone for leading me here!I stopped in for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the Classic Burger, all beef with Swiss Cheese. Bread was toasted just right and the cheese melted covering the entire patty. That is genious! The fresh cut fries go extremely well with my pint of Cane & Ebel. The bartender Tommy was great and chatted with me a bit. Oh and my new friend I met last week at the Two Brothers Roundhouse Chef Tommy happen to sit down for a few. It seems we are both Sriracha sauce fans.As many of the other reviews mentioned, this location is tucked away in an industrial part of Warrenville. It would be way cool if there was a doorman to greet you asking for a secret password.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,10/8/2011,19,116,6,6,5>Came here with a friend for Christmas Eve Dinner.  I've been meaning to come to this place for a while as I have heard good things about it from friends and co-workers, but was a little bit frightened off assuming it was a French restaurant and was going to cost an arm and a leg.  But considering it was Christmas Eve and I had a Restaurant.Com coupon for $25, we thought what the heck and decided to give it a try.The décor reminded me of a modernized French inspired version of Moulin Rouge, the movie and the actual place in Paris.  Nothing too fancy, but you can tell some thought came about when decorating this place.  The place, is of course, very clean, as French Restaurants should be, but without the snooty waitress.  In fact, the wait staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I was pleasantly surprised to find out this place served breakfast, lunch and dinner.As my friend and I came here for dinner, we ordered the dinner menu.  For appetizers, we ordered my all time favorite food,  Foie Gras  (Duck Liver Pate).  I can tell you it is absolutely one of the best Foie Gras I've ever had.  I can still imagine the  full rich flavors exploding in my mouth....for $22.00 I expected nothing less For our entrees, I had the Beef Tendorloin and my friend had the Braised Beef Tongue with sides of mashed potato and fries.  The meat was very tender and just the right amount of flavor, and cooked just the way I liked it, medium rare.  There were plenty of luscious French desserts, but we were just two full to sneak in a desert, even if we split it.  All in all, we were very happy we spent our Christmas Dinner here.... kinda felt like Christmas in Paris.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,10/7/2011,21,251,3,4,4>This place just keeps getting better.  As they add stock, move things around, and refine the store, I consistently find less and less reasons to go anywhere else.The deli selection is phenomenal, and the produce is generally really good.  You pay far less for a lot of items (limes, peppers, garlic) than you do at the Jewel right down the street.  Outstanding cheese market, and their bread selection is similarly excellent, as they bake their own bread, but also carry La Briola, Turano, D'Amato, and numerous other brands of bakery goods.They have a small but decent selection of wine and beer.  There is a clear catering to Eastern Europeans and a lot of their products, but they also carry standard beers and enough wines that you can always find something.The people are usually really nice, and it's a great neighborhood grocery store.  If you need something really unique, you may not find it there, but if you're going for staples, there's no reason not to try this place.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,10/6/2011,325,653,3,9,7>What I love? Trying new things. Like pepper, sea salt caramel, rose, and lavender flavored "ice-cream." I say ice-cream because that's what it was to me. Paciugo was my first taste of gelato and now I love it.It's cool that Paciugo's small (which is what I almost always get) holds three flavors - perfect for someone like me who likes lots of tastes.Another thing that I love about Paciugo is the hours. It's open super late, which is terrific.Their employees are great. They are very friendly and willingly give free samples, each with a different spoon.Spoons. Now that's an area that's a little weird. The spoons are very small and flat (not rounded like a normal spoon). They force me to take super tiny baby bites so that I truly savor each moment.The space has some large, comfy furniture as well as small tables. It's pretty roomy, but still doesn't seem to manage a good crowd of people who want to "dine in." The best thing about the space is that it's super clean. Almost sterile clean. I like that.Oh - and in case you're worried that they only have weird flavors, they don't. They still have the regular tried and true favorites.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,10/5/2011,157,219,6,6,6>First and foremost, forgive my spelling of the Greek delicacies. Man oh man! So so so good! I love the lamb pies on the specials menu. the lamb is tender and juicy and this oh so inexpensive meal feeds me twice. The sea bass salad rocks my world. They cook the fish perfectly. Pass on the taramousalata (Greek Islands is much better in that respect), but go for the saganaki as an app. I've tried several of the soups and they're all quite delightful. The service is usually pretty decent. The owner is always friendly. I've not had a bad experience here yet. When I've sat at the bar, the bartenders chat me up and make sure that I enjoy my experience.I definitely recommend this place.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,10/4/2011,283,456,8,8,10>Would you believe we are willing to drive 45 minutes to over an hour to come here?? Well, we totally do and there are a list of reasons why....1.) Prime Rib. It's moist, it's delicious, it's HUGE, and it reheats wonderfully and works well for Quesadillas the next day!! :)2.) The ambiance. It's totally old school steak house, 70's decor (mirrors and all) that totally needs updating, but you can't help but love the decade you fall into when you come here.3.) The French Onion soup. If you know me at all, you know I do not eat anything with onions unless I have to or they are cooked down in a soup, but this is the place you come for Baked French Onion soup. They put a fantastic crouton in the bottom of the soup filled with onions and topped off with a thick layer of cheese and bake that bad boy off in the oven so your cheese is melted and your soup is boiling hot. Oh....my....goodness....I want some right now!!4.) The service. You would think that I am about to tell you a list of wonderful things to say about the service, but I really don't. Except that a server that knows you come here for the food and not the service is one to remember. And, yes, the server actually said this to me directly. About 3 times on my first visit. She knows the service sucks and they don't do small talk. They want you in and they want you out. I don't give a damn, I go to eat and leave....I don't have to wait for anything. The bus boy does most of the work and she pretty much only takes your order, brings the actual meal and runs the check. The bus boy fills your drink, water and clears the tables. He even wraps your food up nicely. I have not confirmed it, but I really hope they split the tips with the bus boys....they work so hard!5.) The value. You can easily make 2-3 meals out of the portions they serve. You can get soup, salad, bread, meat and potatoes for like $20 to $24.00pp. Two people...$50.00 at a steakhouse and you're not exactly having ground beef, guys. We are talking like a 2" thick prime rib the size of your head, a pile of home fries, BAKED french onion soup, a very nice cold salad, and fresh bread for two people. You can not deny that their prices rock!I'm pretty sure we will find some excuse to go soon. It's been a few months since my last visit and I need some meat!ps. the prime rib is only a Friday/Saturday special.ROAST PRIME RIB...............23.95      Served with Natural JuicesIncludes a Crock of Our Delicious French Onion Soup,Crisp Salad and Choice of PotatoMake it a point to stop in...you will not be disappointed if you are prepared for it all.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,10/3/2011,44,130,4,6,3>My favorite trend lately has been established Chicago institutions opening their second location in Naperville. Not only does it enhance the suburb itself, but makes elegant, notable dining accessible for the entire region who couldn't otherwise make it. Thank you, Hugo's (Sullivan's, Rosebud and Catch 35 too, for that matter)!Hugo's Frog Bar is THE hot spot! The environment is lively (too much so, I'm afraid) with a live piano player and more ambiance than many downtown spots. Even with a reservation, there is a significant wait and the restaurant is always overly busy. Then again, busy spots are often the best, and that certainly is the case here.The menu features fresh food prepared perfectly. Took my mother here for her birthday and she was elated, two years later she still brags about the quality of her meal. Although I only sampled the mashed potatoes, I kinda wish I could order them in bulk so I could have them every night. Highly recommended, but be aware of the noise level: you'll practically be shouting to hear each other, even if you're inches away. But then again, you can't go wrong when the entire town shows up every single night.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/2/2011,79,108,7,10,7>If you're not going to make yourself at home here, then go home.I guess their old location in Hillside burned to the ground sometime in 2008, I suppose Beelzebub was just trying to reclaim his creation but the other demons and succubi relocated it to this location.An ominous sign in the entryway stated that motorcycle club colors are not allowed, so I had to take off my clothes.  Nah, the atmosphere is pretty neat, a cross between a rock club and a biker bar.  They have many daily specials and I was three-sheets to the wind quickly with $3 calls and shots.  There seems to be a smaller craft beer bar down Rowhling Rd in Addison that has seemed to get a butt-load of reviews since a Yelp event in May, but look to Brauerhouse for their fine assortment of craft brews.  They have that ever luscious banana bread stout as well as about 30 other varieties of crafts.  They even have Arrogant Bastard on tap.I also had the Luxe Interior burger with fries which is a burger with bacon pieces mixed into the patty... YES, BACON IN THE BURGER MEAT.  Neat.  The fries are very good too.  It's a decent substitute instead of driving to Kuma's and waiting for two hours.There are a lot of regulars and it was a bit off-putting going here alone since it was a bit of like I was an outsider but after a short while, I felt like I fit in and was one of the gang.  For me, not liking people in general, it's hard to feel comfortable around strangers, but the stars aligned at this joint.Check out Monday nights after 10pm for free Bingo where you can win free drinks, bottles of vino, and other prizes.  There is usually a cover on Friday and Saturdays due to live music.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,10/1/2011,36,52,2,9,5>I've been waiting for this restaurant to open for months!Everyday, on my way to work for the past 4 months or so I've watched this restaurant erect from the ground up. I've been waiting and anticipating what was to come and today, I finally got to experience what is was like to have lunch at Cooper's Hawk. After being warmly greeted, my girlfriends and I decided to sit out on the well shaded patio on this surprisingly cool day in August. The space was spacious but still felt intimate. We didn't have to yell to be heard and we couldn't quite make out what people were saying from a table away, it was perfect. Reading over the menu, I was kind of overwhelmed but definitely impressed by the wide variety of dishes. Each entree had a Bin number next to it so, it takes out the guess work of pairing the perfect wine. I ordered the Over The Boarder Egg Rolls as an appetizer for the table and it seems that everyone had enjoyed it. It really could have been split between 4 people although there was only 3 of us. The deep fried chicken wraps were presented with three different dipping sauces and an Asian slaw. The slaw was refreshing and complimented the rolls.There's a Half Sandwich with Soup or Salad combo and I thought that was really great for the $9.99 price tag. I had the Triple White Grilled Cheese with a cup of the Crab & Lobster Bisque. Both were very satisfying and delicious. The blend of cheeses in between the thick sliced sourdough was made extra special with a drizzle of white truffle oil. The bisque is actually their signature soup and you really can taste why. There's real bits and pieces of crab, lobster and shrimp in a creamy tomato base. To round off my experience, I had to try the chocolate covered strawberry and cheesecake lollipop. Although, the white chocolate on the cheesecake was a little too sweet , I did enjoy it. The service was superb. Todd was our server and he was attentive and quick with clearing plates and utensils that were no longer needed. He was also very accommodating when one of the girls had to leave early. I really enjoyed my first visit here, I'm sure it won't be my last.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,9/30/2011,9,91,3,8,6>Sugar Fixe is great.My wife and I tried a few things, including a chocolate/chocolate cupcake, macarons, and a lovely strawberry and chocolate cake dessert. Everything was top quality, fresh, and super tasty. The filling for the macaron was just perfect: a rich chocolate that wasn't cloyingly sweet.The cupcakes were also noteworthy: way, way, WAY better than Bleeding Heart. Smaller, yes, but again, the quality was good. A good, deep chocolate taste with a light frosting. If I want a premium cupcake, this is the one I want.Service was friendly and fast. At mid-afternoon on a Saturday the shelves were still well-stocked. The cafe is small, but there are a few tables inside and outside.All told, I truly enjoyed the treats from Sugar Fixe and will most definitely go back!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,9/29/2011,101,102,3,8,5>Went here as part of my friends' monthly Supper Club group. Our server (Tony) was attentive, friendly, and helpful. We split the Pickle Flight, which included pearl onions, turnips, and okra. The turnips and okra were excellent but for whatever reason the pearl onions weren't so great. I got a 5-cheese flight, I can't remember which cheeses, but it was delicious.One of the group got the ribs, and it came stacked about 7" high with ribs, potatoes, etc. It looked like that opening from the Flintstones where Fred orders those ribs and they tip the car over. Another in our group had the white whine flight and really enjoyed it. The barbecue chicken was kind of weird because it was breaded and baked; no barbecue. But whatever, it was still good. I had some kind of baked peach thing for dessert. It was fantastic!Overall a great, quiet place for dinner. Friendly service and great menu. It's easier to just take the green line there than to try to find parking. It's across the street from the Marion exit of the Harlem stop of the green line.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,9/28/2011,357,284,4,7,4>Came here with a group of ten for a good friends birthday party and I had a lot of fun. We watched a very cheesy safety video. Then got geared up - we had to wear a jumpsuit, neck brace, ski mask looking thing (which I didn't like because it smelled funny even after they assured me it had been washed), and of course a helmet. After I got geared up I felt as if I was ready to be blasted to the moon. My head felt disconnected and a lot bigger than it's normal size. Plus, it was hot and hard to hear anything with that helmet on. Once everyone in our group was geared up we were ready to race. They showed us that the number next to your name indicates what car you were assigned to. So, we all got in our designated cars. What was funny about this was that I'm so short, I couldn't reach the break or gas pedals very well and they had to bring out these big blue block looking things to put on my pedals and make it easier for me to reach without too much straining. After that they had us take a lap around the course. We had a lot of turns and one very tight hair pin turn that I totally missed the first time around and went through the penalty pit instead. Let's just say the technician working the game wasn't happy with me, but oh well. I just waved and said next time I'll go the right way, sorry. Then after that all bets were off as we were in official race mode. Boy were these little go carts fast! It felt as if I were going 100 mph instead of just 35, but when I got rear ended by other racers I really got jarred but always recovered just fine. The 20 laps go by very quickly, so I don't know if it justified the $10 license fee plus the $25 race fee. However, I had a good time, and would consider coming back in the future, even though when I got out of the car I felt really high from the fumes and lack of oxygen.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,9/27/2011,2184,1339,3,8,3>Krispy Krunchy Chicken has 5 stars for a reason!It really is some fantastic chicken. I went last week with my friend and we grabbed some carryout. The guy with the dreamy eyes working there was extremely helpful telling us what was great and what he would recommend. He totally upsold us by convincing us to try some of their samosas. Everything I had was very good. Tasty samosas, yummy chicken fingers, cheesy mac & cheese and extremely good honey biscuits! The price is good, too! Plus all of their chicken is halal which can make you feel a bit better about eating there!The skin on their chicken has a very different flavoring then other places and be warned it has a bit of a kick to it...it's very slight though even for me who is super weak with spice.Krispy Krunchy is definitely better then Brown's or KFC and I highly recommend giving them a try!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,9/26/2011,199,119,3,9,5>So a friend of ours told us this place was pretty legit. I must admit, when we pulled up, I was a little skeptical. How good can a tiny strip-mall mexican joint be?Um, SO good. Especially when you factor in low prices, speedy service, and very friendly servers. I was not a HUGE fan of the guacamole - it seemed like there might have been mayo in there or something. But it was still pretty good. I wasn't super hungry, but just had to try a taco. So I had a steak taco on a flour tortilla, with cheese, sour cream, and avocado. They don't skimp on the avocado, which is fantastic. The meat was wonderfully seasoned, cheese perfectly melted - it was basically my perfect taco. I had to stop myself from ordering a second one! My dining companion had steak tacos, and steak quesadillas. We both left happy, and full! I've been telling everyone all about it, and can't wait to go back when I'm actually hungry and try a few more things on the menu. Hidden little gem, for sure!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,9/25/2011,191,452,5,8,5>I'm done with buying my running shoes from some pimply kid at Dick's Sporting Goods who I had to hunt down to help me.  Never again.My husband brought me to Naperville Running Co to pick up a new pair of running shoes for my birthday because my current pair made my toes go numb after just a mile!Revelation thanks to NPC....my feet hit the ground flat so I need more arch support!  Hooray!  The people who work here are true runners.  They can tell you about upcoming races and give you experienced advice (they've also got a great iPhone app, check it out!).  We came in on a weekday before lunch so the store was pretty empty and I basically had the undivided attention of one of their knowledgeable sales person.In about 20 minutes she had me:1) walk around barefoot 2) try on about 4 different shoes3) run on a treadmill to video analyze my running gaitTalk about thorough!  Their employees really make this place.  They ask all the right questions in order to fit your needs.  I was asked up front what my budget was and never felt pressured to buy a more expensive shoe.  I was even asked if I belonged to a gym, because you get a 10% discount if you do!Walked out of here with my new kicks & my new favorite running socks (Balega, check them out!  It feels like you're running on clouds!) for $110.  The service was worth every penny!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,9/24/2011,144,347,5,5,5>Wow!!  I'm still buzzing on the choco-licous sugar spike.  We had the chocolate mousse cake with a cappuccino.  Before I left, I also had to get a dark chocolate malt for the road.  You know..... I just had to.  I really don't feel as guilty as I should right now.  Maybe tomorrow.  :)The food and the clever decorations, the whole ambiance screams chocolate decadence.  The pipes are even decorated with clever flavor labels that makes it look like Willy Wonka himself was piping in the goodness.  My only gripe would be the service was really quite slow.  Our server had to be reminded to go get the chocolate cake and then, still, it was painfully slow.  The check also was a difficult exercise.  Like my mantra says, there are three kinds of people in the world....those that can do math and those that can't.To sum up, YUMMY!!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,9/23/2011,7,42,,4,3>My bf and I came here as we had a buy 1 get one coupon for meals and thought there was no harm in trying it. It was close as we live in Des Plaines and I sometimes even get off at the Mt Prospect metra stop anyway.We came in with no expectations.I was initially a little put off by the distinctly bar-like atmosphere and might think twice about bringing young children here in the future but I reconsidered my thought process from restuarant to something more bar like for a place to go to for a sports game and meal in the future.  Still good.The service was a tad slow in getting to us but nothing I can't deal with. Once out waitress did get to us she was nothing but pleasent and attentive. Ok great.I wasn't expecting much from the food at this point but what we got was surprisingly tasty with fare you wouldnt nescessarily expect at a place like this. Both us got some sort of chicken sandwich and both were tender and juicy with great flavor. We both really enjoyed it and will probably be back soon
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,9/22/2011,83,190,5,8,6>This place is pretty awesome. I'm a regular here and I must say that I believe the is the best pho in the area. Went to Vietnam Bistro recently and wasn't feeling their noodles at all. At Pho Ha, everything is great.The pork chops were delicious, the Pho is crazy delicious. Even the bon mi's were good. Food wise, the place is great. Appearance wise however, it could use a little touch up. Place is small and tables are close to each other. So on busy days, since they have a lot of loyal customers, there's usually a wait and you are usually sitting a few inches away from your neighbor when you finally get a seat.Staff is mostly kids so you may have to wait for a refill of water or extra napkins because they tend to talk to one another behind the counter a lot. Great place though.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,9/21/2011,92,360,3,9,8>Nicodino's serves consistently good Italian food, mostly made from scratch. They also have a whole bunch of X-Box 360s in a back room for parties, which is pretty neat.We usually get breadsticks, and a pizza or calzone. The most recent time we were there I ordered a veggie panini, which had varieties of summer squash, mushrooms and basil between two crispy slices of bread. There seemed to be a heavy dose of balsamic vinegar, but fortunately there was melted mozzarella cheese in the middle.My wife's calzone seems to get bigger every time we go there, and some while ago it passed the "unreasonably large" mark. I have no complaints about the quality of the dough here or with the breadsticks - in fact, that homemade dough is why I like this place so much. But it feels like there's a pound of cheese in there, and that's a bit much.The breadsticks are fantastic, since they are just rolled out dough sprinkled with parmesan (the standard less-good American variety, not Parmeggiano Reggiano). They're served with a chunky tomato sauce that leans way, way acidic, so if you like your tomato sauce fresh and without as much sugar, you'll like the sauce.In the past when we've gotten pizza, I've felt that's where all the ingredients in the restaurant come together well. For a local, independent alternative to Panera, Nicodino's is a good place to go.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,9/20/2011,65,630,9,8,7>First off, let me say, when I found out Gramp's Frozen Custard was closing, I cried. I am talking actual crocodile tears (and alligator tears, too). I thought to myself,"What did I do to deserve this?"I was shocked and appalled, but as the average middle school girl says after her boyfriend of 3 weeks dumps her via text message,"Everything happens for a reason."I love dessert, and my favorite thing to eat in the world is ice cream and frozen custard. I always have a tough time deciding what flavor to get wherever I go. Sure, you can go with chocolate, vanilla, or strawberry. If you do, you probably also enjoy dentist appointments, the Department of Motor Vehicles, and going through airport security. As Kenny Chesney would say, live a little, love a lot.There are so many things that make this place stand out from your DQ, Coldstone, etc... You walk in, overwhelmed by all the flavor selections. You don't fret, because Kimmer (or someone on her staff) will be there to comfort you through it, like your favorite used car salesman. Some of my favorites: S'mores, Carrot Cake, and Yellow Cake Batter. I love this place so much; I went when it was -2 degrees outside! Why do you ask? This is the best ice cream I have ever had!I've been across the country, and this gem is right in my backyard! They have everything fresh, and you can bring flavors home, too. Why would you go anywhere else? Oh, I know why! Because you are crazy.I have Yelp'd so many different places, and this is in the same category as Tates Old Fashioned Ice Cream in Wheaton...the best ice cream I have ever tasted. You want dessert tonight in St. Charles?
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,9/19/2011,255,326,4,9,5>Paul Douglas Forest Preserve is one of my FAVORITE places for birdwatching! While the trails are pretty flat and don't offer a challenging hike, entering at Grassy Ridge Meadow gives you access to multiple bird habitats. You can see birds that like wet thickets (common yellowthroat), marsh-dwellers (marsh wren), birds that prefer ponds, lakes, and streams (great blue heron), birds of the forest (eastern towhee), and species that nest in wildflower prairies (eastern meadowlark). You can even get a look at heron and cormorant nests at the right time of year. Of course, with all the small birds, you get a few raptors, too! The trails are better for biking or in-line skating than real hiking, because they're mostly paved and have little variety. Kids will be bored, and maybe worse, they are likely to be buzzed by red-winged blackbirds if they stray too close to a nest. For me, getting buzzed is a plus, but it might make your tot cry. The couple of unpaved trails are not marked well and aren't tended well, either. I didn't follow any of them to completion because the tall grasses were growing over them in some places, so I worried about stepping on a nest or a snake. There's also a soccer field near the parking lot, but it seems a silly place for it since a badly-aimed kick will cost you your ball (unless you disregard the signs and try to wade into the swamp, that is--not a good idea). To sum it up, come here to birdwatch, bring your binoculars, and leave the kids at home.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,9/18/2011,252,423,3,9,7>What a fun little candy shop!  And even though the place is small they pack a lot of sweets in there!Just about everything you can imagine from current candy choices to candies from the good old days of many past generations.  And the prices are fantastic!Just as a price comparison - earlier this year I purchased the jumbo size of a Smarties roll for 99 cents at Cracker Barrel.  At this candy store the same item is only 40 cents!  Now that's a deal :-)Whether you crave fancy chocolate truffles or chocolate covered Oreos, or fun Willy Wonka sweet treats, etc, they have it.  They even have some sugar free choice as well!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,9/17/2011,28,222,4,5,4>Recently visited the newer location in the old Ruby Tuesday building, which appeared to be lightly renovated.  In spite of the lacking service (it was a busy Sunday brunch) the food makes this a solid 4-star review.  Once our order was taken the food runner was the last person we saw until we were nearly done; no checkup from the waitress to make sure the order was correct or to ask for additional items.  Also had no water refills until we were ready for the check.  The place was emptying out and them the waitress started come back around, so either she was a little spacey or they were understaffed that morning.Pancakes were as good as were in the old place, and the menu seems to have expanded, with a larger kitchen most likely.  I opted for the seafood omelet which can sometimes be a risky maneuver but it was done really well.  The side of wheat toast was burnt, but we sort of laughed at the irony.Good to see the quality is still there after taking on a much larger space.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,9/16/2011,270,833,9,11,11>This was my first time going to a movie theater & restaurant at the same time. I heard some great things, so we decided to try it out. The theater is decorated like the actual Hollywood Boulevard and old movie stars (we had Charlie Chaplin in ours). The theater chairs are very comfortable - they are like nice desk chairs. You also have a small counter for you to set your food/drinks on. The menu has a variety of food - everything from burgers to Mexican food to salads. One thing to remember is that the food comes out as it is ready, not all at once with you party's food. I thought the food (I got a burger) was a little over-seasoned, to the point where I couldn't eat the whole thing.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They come about 4 times - once to take your order, once to bring your drinks, once to bring your food, and once to take away plates and bring the check. They are good about not standing in your view of the movie and taking orders quickly and quietly.Going to movies anymore is expensive in general...but here you definitely pay more. We paid a regular price for a later movie on a Friday, plus money for each meal (the prices are pretty comparable to Apple Bees or TGI Friday's). Honestly it is a pretty good deal for everything you get, but I wouldn't do it every weekend.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,9/15/2011,850,1294,13,16,18>Growing up I was deprived of three basic childhood things - I wasn't allowed to watch sexist TV shows (Chipmunks and Smurfs), I wasn't allowed to 'dress up' with makeup, and I wasn't allowed to play video games or anything with violence (including water guns). I feel that a large chunk of childhood normalcy has gone untapped and I definitely attribute that to my Toys-R-Us philosophy: I don't wanna grow up!I've tried to quench my thirst for things I missed out on by having impromptu snowball and water balloon fights (in my 20s), but it just never fully satisfied me. Something was missing and I realized what that was when I started playing Big Buck Hunt a couple years ago: I wanted a gun and I wanted to shoot stuff. And being from MN, you would think I had gone hunting a time or two, but that feeds into the whole non-violence household rules. Instead, I got to embody passive-aggressive and had no outlet for the rage. Although, don't get me me wrong, I would never actually "shank a B". That is what the kids say these days, isn't it?So I show up at Galloping Ghost expecting something akin to a Dave & Busters or Gameworks, which are fine and dandy, but they aren't real arcades. Sure, they have Pacman and Frogger, but that's about it as far as throwback goes. I'm pleasantly surprised by a rather small store packed full of all the classics - tabletop Pacman, Mortal Kombat, Star Wars, Revenge of Doh, Tetris and a number of others that I've never heard of - for only $15 of unlimited play. It was actually a little overwhelming and I hate to say it, but I felt a little ashamed being there. I was early and figured I'd pass the time... playing games!I started out on Revenge of Doh and wondered how I was going to make it through three hours of gaming. Before I knew it, Michael G. shows up and half an hour has already passed. You really get lost in the fun. Unfortunately, the game froze on me, so I decided to try a little bit of everything. Some beast of a woman was hogging my beloved Tetris, the only game I ever got to play growing up, which I huddled over like a junkie when my dad took me on Best Buy trips.Let's just say that I had no trouble finding games to play. Three hours flew by and in those three hours I fought a Soviet army, shotgun blasted evil clowns, put on a skin-tight body suit and battled Karen C., tried to escape from a haunted mansion, body slammed hookers with knives and got lost with Joanne W. and Michael G. in a world of colorful, descending blocks to the tune of an electronic Kalinka and other such Russian favorites.Supposedly I wasn't allowed to play all these games because of their graphic nature and all the bloodshed. I kind of get it now. The insane CarnEvil characters would have definitely given me nightmares when I was younger. I had bad dreams about  the Stay Puft Mashmallow Man for three years after seeing Ghost Busters. However, I now have the sneaking suspicion that my parents picked up on my addictive personality quite early and were only saving me from myself. So, thanks Mom. You tried your best, but I'm gonna ride the white horse known as Nintendo and Sega down at Galloping Ghost.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,9/14/2011,204,392,7,11,7>When it comes to waxing or heading a little south for an afternoon appointment I'd like to leave that up to the professionals and sip some champagne feeling like first class.Typically I would not be saying that I love to make a monthly appointment but truth be told, no matter what anyone says it's really not a biggie to get waxed. Depending on your esthetician and their training it's somewhat painless and you're golden for a good 5 weeks. So when the time was due, I searched endlessly until stumbling across Angel who is darling.Her studio is in a perfect location for the downtown area, inside is soothing and comfortable with drapes overhead and dimmed lighting. Angel herself is very warm, personable and will talk you through out your entire appointment like a friend making you forget what you're doing. When making the appointment she had mentioned to take some advil or tylenol before hand to help with the discomfort. What makes this such a standout skin studio is that she genuinly cares about your safety from infection. Hence the other reviews and the huge vibro...don't be afraid it's to help you from steering clear of ingrown hairs. So thank you for thinking about pesky skin irritations which most other estheticians could care less with. Angel makes you feel totally relaxed and will even joke that you're not at a doctor's office. She explains everything that she does through out the entire process so you're never thrown off guard or surprised by her techniques. She goes above and beyond to keep you at ease. Her prices are pretty darn fantastic for the waxing services, she also does my word of the past two months....microdermabrasion. Loved that I found Silky Smooth Waxing Studio with the stellar service and am mapping out the next visit.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,9/13/2011,45,100,1,8,5>The part of Elgin near my office is a culinary desert.  Working here has inspired me to drag my behind out of bed fifteen minutes early to make my own lunch.  In the Neighborhood Deli is a welcomed anomaly.My coworker is into their soups, which I hear are superb (I'm restraining myself from spelling "superb" so it'd be a pun.  Just thought you should know that).  I'm all about their sandwiches.  What distinguish this place from its nearby all-purpose lunch joints, are the ingredients.  The first time I went there, I was pleasantly surprised to find interesting toppings like sauerkraut, caramelized onion, or roasted garlic mayo in many wonderfully concocted sandwiches.  I took one look at the menu, and I instantly knew I was at a place run by people who care about food.  You can't really go wrong with any sandwich here, but my personal favorites are The Abbott (Vienna corned beef, swiss cheese, saurkraut) and St. John (beef, caramelized onion, blue cheese, horseradish cream sauce). For less than $9, you get a gourmet sandwich, a drink, and a bag of chips.  I simply can't ask for more from this affordable foodie oasis.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,9/12/2011,29,60,15,11,9>At first glance, it is obvious that Bombay Chopsticks sticks out like a sore thumb in the middle of the electronics strip mall on Golf Road. Wait, no, actually... what's the complete opposite of that? The strip mall sticks out like a sore thumb whilst Bombay shines like a glistening diamond from the epicenter of the lengthy crap hole? That's more like it. This place is really nice. The interior is extremely modern and made me feel a little sheepish with my ratty, unwashed hair and smeared makeup on my face (sorry, we may have had a crazy night the evening before). The hostess was friendly and we were promptly seated. Our waiter came over very quickly as well.We ordered the following: a lemon drop martini, a hot summer breeze, an order of the baby corn appetizer and a honey pepper chicken appetizer as well. The drinks were as strong as one would like (a good indicator of alcohol strength is by how scrunchy your face gets after a sip; looking a bit like a bulldog after a "taste test" of said martini meant we were satisfied). Our bulldog selves really liked the honey pepper chicks since it wasn't very sweet or overly spicy. The baby corn looked like little fiery torpedos and tasted like it, too. My mouth was on a fire but eventually calmed itself with a little swig o' my orange juice/vodka/ginger ale cocktail. We ordered a bowl of white rice which balanced all the flavors out, and filled us up fast.I'd like to bring all my friends to Bombay to celebrate my birthday but since that's still months away, I will be scheduling a "half birthday dinner" at Chopsticks in a couple months!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,9/11/2011,37,247,5,7,5>Pl8 is Gr8!  In all seriousness though, it is.Pl8, situated in a stereotypically snobby luxury "strip mall" in Barrington, is simply genius.  Asian fusion.  At really reasonable prices.  Done impeccably well.  With super affordable drinks to boot.We ordered LITERALLY everything.  Rolls, sashimi, calamari "2 ways," pad thai, the shrimp basil special, banana wontons... The vast majority of the food we were served was on par with the best, most innovative Asian fusion we'd ever had.  Our server (Julie) was sweet, fun, prompt, and simply delightful.  Great chic indoor dining room, even better outdoor dining space.  Food synopsis:Snow crab roll with honey wasabi drizzle.  Need I say more?!The basil shrimp is the BOMB.The sashimi samplers are SUPER reasonable, SUPER fresh, and awesome.The pad thai was just ok.The pear martini's AMAZING.Suggestion for guests (and proprietors): The specials are on a chalkboard immediately upon entry and they're easy to miss.  The hostess may mention the specials in passing.  Awkward as it may be, take a moment on your way to your table and study them.  They're fresh.  They're delicious.  I highly recommend them.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,9/10/2011,63,167,7,10,8>I have visited The Bavarian Lodge many times since I first discovered it around 2007. I like to get there right at 4PM when they open and spend a few hours savoring the experience.In the past we have chosen a table in the bar side, but that made it hard to interact with other patrons and the bartender. We have also noticed that the table wait staff is perhaps a bit too busy to give great service.So now we park at a corner of the bar and everything is great.  The bartender, Tyler, was friendly and prompt. She has a true appreciation for the beer as well and offers suggestions based on personal experience. The chairs are comfortable and the rail is in just the right place. I was able to sit and enjoy my visit without squirming in a bad chair.The beer is great. They don't brew their own, but they have a fantastic selection of Belgian, German, and American craft beers. There now have about 40 different selections on tap, and probably double that in bottles. The biggest problem is trying to decide which ones to try. Due the the massive variety of beers, they do not offer the kind of samplers that are common at brewpubs. The bartender explained that the variance in prices from one brew to the next is also a factor which makes a sampler infeasible.Oh, if you hate beer, they do happen to have Miller Lite on tap. The description on the menu describes it as "Very pale yellow with a seltzer taste. What did we do to Milwaukee to deserve this?"On each of my visits I have tried different beers, but to give you an idea, here are a few from one of my visits All of them were good.3 Floyd's Moloko - milk stoutGouden Carolous TripelGreat Lakes Xmas AleOmmegang Chocolate IndulgenceDark Horse 3 Guys Off the Scale - I love this barleywineDark Horse Black Bier AleSurly Furious IPA - an excellent example of the style!The unique selection and imported nature of many of the beers means they come at a premium price. Many of the stronger beers are served in smaller 12oz glasses. For me it is worth it, but if you are looking for cheap beer to guzzle, then look elsewhere.The food at Bavarian Lodge is good, but nothing to rave about. The concentration on German cooking means that most everything is "brown". Not to say that I don't like liver dumpling soup, spatzel, sausages, meat in gravy and sauerkraut, but it is, what it is. The beer justifies the long trip from my house. The food helps fill me up in between beers.The veggie schnitzel was an interesting departure from the traditional menu. The roast duck is also pretty good.  I find myself returning to the hunter schnitzel most of the time.I like the atmosphere at the Bavarian Lodge. It has plenty of dark wood and relatively few TVs. The music is quiet enough to permit conversation. The choice of music was a little odd... not polkas, but not top 40 either. Since it was mostly unobtrusive I didn't mind much.Overall, I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a great selection of great beer. The crowd is a mix of younger and older and everyone seems to be able to enjoy themselves. I will definitely be back. I just wish it was closer to Bartlett. Then again, if it was, I might never go anywhere else!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,9/9/2011,288,304,11,26,12>So a few weeks ago or so, my colleagues and I headed over to Laredo's for some Mexican lunch-time action. As we walked up we noticed Maharaja. "Hey! What's that place? Indian buffet? We are SO going to try that place." I said to my  co-worker and fellow Indian food fanatic. I am happy to report that today was finally the day that we got to try Maharaja and it did not disappoint. You have to understand that working in Rosemont leaves you with limited dining options during the lunching hour....and the places worth walking to are few and far between. So when we happened upon this restaurant we practically jumped outta our pants! One of my favorite cuisines, reasonably priced and in walking distance? Wha?? !!!!Ok, ok. Deep breath. The lunch buffet is $9.95. The folks at Maharaja put on quite the spread too. There is a salad bar with fruit, greens, bean salad, pickled veggies and various sauces & chutneys. The hot buffet probably had at least 10 dishes on it that would satisfy both your vegetarians and meat eaters. It seemed like anything and everything was on that buffet - lentil soup, bryiani, butter chicken, paneer, lamb, pakoras, masala, chili chicken... Seriously, the buffet was insane. What's crazier? I left out the dessert portion of the buffet! I heard from a co-worker that the samosas we're very tasty. They were not on the buffet so we ordered some up for good measure...b/c ya know, the buffet was not enough food for us. OMG, I almost forgot...complimentary naan and tandoori chicken are brought out to your table as well. Wha?? !!!Needless to say, we rolled on out of Maharaja with full and happy bellies. We we're quite pleased with our experience. As stated in other reviews - the service is pretty great. The dining options in Rosemont just got a lot better thanks to Maharaja.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,9/8/2011,46,97,3,11,3>I have lived in Westmont for about two years now. I finally tried L & F after SEVERAL times driving by saying I have to try them one day. LOLI ordered two pizzas the night I finally tried them. It was football Sunday (which is why you see booze in one picture-ha) so pizza was a yes! Luckily thanks to the clipper magazine I had a coupon for $5.00 off my order. Hey anything helps these days! Thin crust was the pick. One with ground beef and onions and the other with spinach and garlic. I have to say they were pretty darn good. Fresh spinach which was the big test for me. Nothing makes me more mad then getting that canned crap on your pizza. I have had that happen. I def want to try them again BUT it will be their stuffed pizza. Once in a blue moon I like a piece or two of stuffed. Good prices and I like that they offer a little more than pizza and like I said at a good price. Small place and for those that don't know it is just for pick up or delivery. No seats to eat there which is fine. Nice staff from what I saw entering. 50 years for them!!?? GOOD JOB!!! Glad something stuck around in downtown Westmont! :)CHEERS!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,9/7/2011,51,284,3,8,3>i think momoya just became my favorite place for à la carte sushi in the western suburbs! with its nondescript location in an aurora strip mall, it doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside is some super fresh and super delicious sushi.i shared four rolls with my fiancé: spicy tuna, philadelphia, crunch and amazon. the spicy tuna roll was fantastic. this stuff is easily some of the best spicy tuna i've ever had- sweet and flavorful with a slow, spicy burn. the crunch roll was sweet, crunchy and creamy. best of all, all of the fish was excellent. we ordered a couple of pieces of nigiri- salmon, tuna and shrimp, and it was all great. the salmon in particular was really fresh and flavorful.the price is decent- not cheap, but not crazy-expensive, either. the philly and spicy tuna rolls are in the $6 range, while the specialty rolls are around $12. the service was REALLY quick and our waitress was friendly. skip the overpriced, trying-too-hard sushi "lounges" like shinto and try momoya instead!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,9/6/2011,98,71,4,5,8>I have an extreme bias towards buzz café.  I got engaged here.  However, in all honesty they have the best chicken salad in all of chicagoland.  I take my chicken salad sandwiches very seriously and would have to say it's one of my favorite foods.  They have coffee, adorable tables and furniture and feel like the perfect café for reading a book, catching up with a friend or just grabbing a cup of coffee.  They also have events like open mic, or story reading.  They have coffee to go as well as a full breakfast/lunch menu.  The breakfast food is really good here, but to me holds no candle to their chicken salad.  You can buy it for about $10 a pound if you want to take it home and make sandwiches.  I do, on a pretty regular basis.  They have art hanging all over the walls here by mostly local artists.  You can purchase the artwork if you would like and it is always changing.  My boyfriend and I liked to go here not only for the chicken salad but also for the art.  Every time we would go we would look at the art to see what had changed.  One of those times there was a painting on the wall asking me to marry him.  I said yes, and it was obviously one of the best moments ever.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,9/5/2011,37,128,3,8,5>4.5 stars is really my rating but I'd figure I'd round up for them. :)Catch 35 is my go to place for a really nice meal in Naperville and also to hang out in the bar (which is where I decide to sit most of the time).  The staff is really great here and the ambiance is nice.  Compared to Sullivan's down the street, Catch 35's feel is quite different.  There's a good amount of warmer tones in the restaurant but it doesn't verge on bright and it isn't really dark like Sullivan's.  I don't know about you but the ambiance of a place is pretty important and between the staff and feel of the place, it gets 5 stars.As for the food, it's really good.  My only complaint is that they use WAY too much oil in their dishes.  Order a side of veggies and you're guaranteed to see them glistening.  So if fat is what your body likes the least (meaning it adds to your weight quicker than carbs), which is the case for me, you'll want to get things on the side or special order the dish.If you like to squat for 2-3 hours in a place (I like to journal or do a little work there) the bar is great for it.  I haven't had one server get annoyed that I was there for as long as I was and have even gotten to know several of the employees.  And of course, be sure to tip well if you squat for a while.  If you become a regular and are a good tipper, it usually comes back to you like in any restaurant.More specifically on the food: the bar has specials most weeknights so be sure to check them out.  Thursdays are half price on selected bottles of wine, which is sweet.  And if you don't finish it they'll package it up for you so you can take it home.  Their dish preparation is really great and what they do with fish is wonderful.  The steaks are good but not like a chop house so be mindful of your expectations there.  Having said that, I wouldn't say to stay away from the steaks but I would suggest going for seafood as it's their specialty.All in all, this is probably my top restaurant to hit in Naperville.  And a special shout out to some of the great staff there: Kim (typically dining room), Christine (cocktail server) and Tammy (bartender).  I look forward to seeing them on my regular Thursday visits.  They're awesome.PS - if you sit in the bar next to the window you should be able to pick up a wifi signal from across the street.  I believe it's called "Kroehler."
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,9/4/2011,49,47,7,7,5>Best beer bar in St. Charles far as I can tell.  Last time I went here was after band practice.  I had a couple Double Crooked Trees, a few shots, and I think some more beer?  After the second D.C.T. I don't remember.  I don't remember paying the bill or walking to my friends house either.  Good thing we walked.  That was just one good time at The House Pub.  Awesome atmosphere!  This place is chilled out and has a good jukebox.  There are live bands upstairs on the weekends.  The upstairs area has a cool jazz lounge thing going on.  The bathrooms have very entertaining graffiti on the mens' stalls.  I cant speak about the womans' bathroom, but hopefully its just as colorful!  The only detraction is there is no food other than a popcorn maker.  I always like to munch on snacks when I drink craft beer, and popcorn is hell on my teeth.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,9/3/2011,298,465,4,5,4>I stopped in here one day with G (my momsss) for a late lunch since my kids were napping at home with their dad. =]  Yay for me time...So we walked in and since it was an off time, say 2:30 PM, it was pretty dead.  So we followed the amazing BBQ smell and walked right up to the counter to order.  We got a little bit of everything, some ribs, pulled pork, brisket and some sides like hush puppies and baked beans.  They have like four sauces on a counter that you can put in little cups and take to your table to try on all your meats.  My favorite of the meats was actually the pulled pork which is usually my least favorite, but here it was SUPER juicy and flavorful!  The other meats were good too, but that was just the best.  I DEF want to try the wings next time, though!  And the sides were all on pointtt!  The hush puppies being my favorite...I'm pretty sure I used them as a tiny bun to eat the pulled pork with. HA!  Delish!  I can't wait to get back up in hurrr to get my fill of delicious BBQ tonight at the Elite event!  Hollaaaaa!  And PS...it's in a super cute downtown section of LaGrange which is also near downtown Western Springs and Hinsdale...make a day out of it people...you're welcome.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,9/2/2011,41,73,5,8,6>I'm not even a sushi lover and I liked this place.I had some of their other food besides sushi and it was great.  I had teriaki pork and it came with veggies and a few other things.  VERY tasty.  My brother and sister were the sushi lovers and they loved it.  My sister is usually pretty picky about where to eat sushi but she really loved everything there.  I tried a few of their sushi rolls and I even liked them!  Which is saying a lot for me.Cute little diner type of place and the staff was soo incredibly friendly.  Our waitress took very good care of us and always asked us if we needed anything.  It felt like it was a big family there!  When we left, everyone who worked there, including the chefs, gave us a huge goodbye and a thanks!  So sweet.  Obviously this is a place for sushi lovers, but if you find yourself there and don't like sushi, don't worry, they still have a bunch of things for the non-sushi lovers.  Go check it out!  It was great!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,9/1/2011,54,76,4,8,5>All I have to say is Wow! We just moved to Oak Park and heard a lot of good things about this place. My husband and I went on a Saturday night and the weather was so nice we sat outside on the patio. We started with a pitcher of the red sangria. We each wanted a different appetizer so we ordered two- the Sopes De Tinga and the Piña Colada. I highly recommend trying the Sopes... so good! The server was very knowledgeable of the menu and offered good suggestions. I ordered the Bistek Asado and this was so perfectly paired and one of the best meals I have eaten in a long time. Hats off to the chef... so delicious. Somehow I managed to still have a little room for dessert and ordered the Crepas de Cajeta. Another perfectly prepared and innovative selection. I can't wait to go back again. The atmosphere and service are great for a group of people or for a date night.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,8/31/2011,127,193,10,10,8>If you're like me, you've had a frustrated parent tell you, "When you grow up, I hope you have a kid that acts JUST. LIKE. YOU."And after you grow up and you hug and make up, and realize what a little bastard you were, only then can you make a triumphant return to Enchanted Castle and bask in the glory of pumping tokens into machines in quest of winning enough tickets and hitting enough jackpots to earn that giant blow up armchair or Coca-Cola wall clock.Need a little excitement?  Snap into...Laser Tag!  or indoor go-carts!  For a more casual experience, try their decent 9 holes of mini golf.  But prepare yourself for the possibility of some unsupervised kiddie action running rampantly around the course.As a young lad, I remember the food being pretty decent.  But at the same time back then, you could've probably served me EZ cheesz on a bike tire, and I'd gladly ask for seconds.  They currently have a special for your first Yelp check-in where you can get 60 free tokens with the purchase of a large pizza and pitcher of pop.Come eat, play, laugh, curse, race, laser, and redeem to your heart's content.  Relive a piece of your childhood, and make sure to grab a requisite whoopee cushion as one of your prizes.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,8/30/2011,120,162,7,9,6>I've come here just for food and have never been let down. That also may be partly due to ordering the same thing every time I've eaten here. When something works, why change? I'm getting tired of saying I'm a vegetarian, and I really don't boast this much outside of Yelpland, but I'm here to spread the word to my fellow lovers of the animal-less consumption that Ellyn's is the place to go.I started off my meal with pretzel bites. My second dietary passion must be all things carbs. What a fix those pretzel bites were drenched in queso and mustard sauces. Yippee. Once I became an adult and decided to eat real food, I looked no further than their selection of wraps. Note that Ellyn's does provide the veggie burger. However, in my experience, finding a good veggie burger that doesn't taste like tissue paper has been a tough feat. I like things I can customize without meat. Wraps are just that versatile also don't leave much room for failure. Ellyn's wrap coupled with their fries was just the type of nourishment that will keep me coming back.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,8/29/2011,771,552,7,9,8>Nom Nom Nom. Cookie monster style. In this case, donut style. Man those little things are good. I checked out Juicy O for a late breakfast. I had heard that the little donuts were good, but no, they were fab!!! A little cold, but none the less, FAB!!  I ordered a Denver skillet, it was too piecey, I know that sounds weird but it looked like the ham and hash browns were smushed. It was still pretty tasty though. My bf had the ham off the bone and eggs. The portions are huge! I ended taking half of my meal home.The service was great and the ambiance was inviting. No question that I will be back. Mmmmmm.......Donuts.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,8/28/2011,213,305,5,10,6>Best public library EVER.They have a wide selection of books, CDs, DVDs, books on CD, research materials, etc., as well as an easy-to-use catalog system and a bevy of helpful librarians.  As other reviewers have mentioned, DVD rentals are only $1 - and non-fiction movies (documentaries, educational programming, and recorded operas and musicals) are FREE!  (Okay, maybe I'm the only person who thinks that's awesome, but I'm a big nerd.)As an added bonus, the Nichols Library location has a gorgeous view of the Naperville Riverwalk.  Grab a good book, head into the Silent Reading Room, and enjoy a peaceful, relaxing afternoon.  Who said libraries can't be cool?
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,8/27/2011,136,719,5,7,7>Third time's a charm...we came three times since they first opened under new management (Two Brothers) and finally got a seat last Saturday night.The place was PACKED. I bet the old owners are throwing a tantrum. There were lots of late 20s and early 30s folks, so I definitely didn't feel out of place.The menu is a one sheeter with a delicious array of carefully selected goodies. I opted for the vegetable pot pie: vegetables covered by a large square of phillo dough. Delicious and extremely hot--fresh right out of the oven. I had an Original Sin Cider (ok, make that two) to go along with my meal, and topped it off with a slice of their spectacularly delicious chocolate cake--it's like a combination chocolate cheesecake that will hit the spot. I had to leave some over to enjoy at another time, I was very full.The significant-other unit had the fish tacos, which were delicious and very filling. He enjoyed one of the house beers, but had a hard time reading the photocopied beer menu. Then I told him to flip over the menu and he realized they were also written out on that side ^^; The beer ended up being awesome and complemented the tacos perfectly. He topped off his meal with the carrot cake, which he declared a perfect carrot cake.I will definitely be back, especially to check out some of the events being planned/hosted in the roundhouse. The menu is a definite keeper. I love the roundhouse atmosphere--except for the smokers standing at the main door, but I just hold my breath.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,8/26/2011,171,190,7,7,6>Conveniently located near one of my favorite fishing spots! (like you care)  (oh shoot, I just gave away a good fishing spot)This place has one big honkin' menu.  Everything from breakfast stuff to sandwiches to chinese food to mexican food.  I haven't had all the ethnic stuff, but I will tell you, this place has some killer burgers.  HUGE burgers.  I am a member of the clean-plate club, always have been.  But...I have a confession to make.  Rarely do I leave a lonely french fry on the plate.  I've been known to eat the parsley on the side of the plate.  But, here goes.  I, Tommy M., hereby confess that I left one or more bites of my burger on the plate, as I could not finish the meal due to its massive size.Burger, 1.  Tommy M, 0.We will rematch someday, and I will be victorious!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,8/25/2011,60,239,7,6,7>This reminds me of some of the hot dog shacks of my youth (pronounced "yout") except you can sit down and enjoy your dawg.  This to me is luxury in hot dog dining.  No standing at a counter in an unheated shelter ala' Wally's (I REALLY miss you Wally!).  The pup is your standard Vienna with the natural casing and it's got plenty of snap.  The fries are gently laid next to your dog, unlike some of the establishments that manhandle and mash your fries into your dog.  (Do you hear me G&J's and Nana's??)  Speaking of fries, when you get them straight out of the fryer, they are irresistible.  If they've been sitting, yes they can get soggy.  But guess what?  G&J's are ALWAYS soggy and greasy.The dog is adorned in standard Chicago style which means mustard, onions, relish and peppers.  No tomato or pickles.They have rotating flavors of Italian ice which is a nice touch.  Finally, I like the fact that the owner and his employees treat you like they really appreciate your business.  Some of those other hot dog purveyors act as if they are doing you a favor by selling you one of their precious dogs.Good for you Gina's!
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,8/24/2011,24,16,5,6,7>This is everything I want in a restaurant.There is bocce ball (which is very easy for new players to pick up) both inside and outside, and bowling, both of which provide ample entertainment.  The outdoor bocce court is covered and has removable walls for inclement weather.  If I remember correctly, the bowling lanes offer free socks.There is a brunch on Sunday mornings that is to die for.  Unforgettable staples are the chocolate fountain, the chicken marsala, the omelet/carving station, and the mimosa (1 is included but you must ask for it).  They also have an excellent selection of hot tea bags.There is a fantastic dinner menu with dishes that are just as delicious as they are elegant.  The wine menu lead my to my favorite wine of all time, which I have subsequently bought upwards of a dozen bottles of: the Saracco Moscato di Asti, a sweet, sparkling white Italian wine.  Last time I ate there, it was even on sale for half off ($15 instead of $30).They have a Thursday night ladies' night special with $3 specialty cocktails (read: martinis).  I can't think of any other place, particularly not one this nice, that serves martinis for $3 a pop, even on special.  When the weather is nice, I long to be sitting around their big bonfire located in the outdoor patio out back.  It is a wonderful environment with ample seating and even heat lamps for when the night turns chilly.  The restaurant serves homemade s'mores.  The only drawback is it closes a bit early in the evening, probably due to liquor serving restrictions in the town of South Barrington.  Although, that's probably a good thing, because I would stay there all night given the option.I cannot recommend this restaurant highly enough.  It is my favorite place not only for dinner, but for brunch and evenings out with friends.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,8/23/2011,75,174,3,5,2>Dumplings and noodles are their forte here. The skin has the best combination of firm and soft, best described as "Q" for those who speak Taiwanese. The dumplings and the noodles are hand made in house, and are arguably the best tasting noodles I have ever eaten, and this is coming from a guy who prefers noodles over rice. Their noodle soups are also very delectable. I normally get their beef noodle soup or spicy seafood soup. Both will make good work of your taste buds and you will work up a good sweat eating either one of these. Another one of my favorites is the "Stir-Fried Onion Pancake with Shredded Pork". (Name in quotes because it is really long). The shredded pancake resembles shoe-string fries in appearance, and the meat is thinly sliced, again, making good work of your taste buds.The Five Spices Lou Mei is also for sale to go. For those who drink, Lou Mei goes well with a cold beer on a hot summer day. We all know how Chicago winters become very cold, and Katy's is the best place to go on such a day. The restaurant is very small, and all the windows steam up as a result from all the kitchen action. Though it may seem off-putting to some people, I see it as a part of the dining experience. The dining area is small, and there is self-served tea available for consumption. There are a handful of tables there, and the dining area is relatively noisy (but not unbearably loud). Service is "strictly business". I would not expect the friendliest of waitresses. They are not rude, not nice, but get the job done. You will forget about that as soon as you start eating. If you have read this far, go try it. It is located in the strip mall behind the Jewel on Cass and Ogden, northeast of the intersection. Cheers.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,8/22/2011,176,176,5,7,6>Tired of tacos? Well here comes "Just Kabobs" to the rescue! Although this is in a fast food setting, the food may actually be a step up from your typical fast food fare. I've had their chicken kabob dinner a few times. It comes with a decent salad, rice, potatoes, and a drink. Although the dinner plate had a fair amount of starch (rice and potatoes), overall it was pretty good food. But what sold me was the chicken! The chicken on their kabob skewers was cooked perfectly each time I've been there; tender, moist, and full of flavor. Having been there a couple of times, I can attest to the fact that their cooking process has been pretty consistent when coming up with good chicken kabobs.Definitely worth a try if you're looking for a change of pace in a neighborhood with lots of Mexican food options and typical chain restaurants.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,8/21/2011,363,708,5,5,5>Scene: Warm May evening, sitting in a corner booth @ Christy's with my husband.I'm looking around and see, in the small refrigerated case behind the counter, an unidentifiable fruit. There are oranges, apples, half a cantaloupe, some watermelon, and a shiny reddish ... something that looks rather like a small pumpkin."What IS that?" I stared at it for awhile, puzzling over what this peculiar-looking vegetation might be, and finally my husband gets out of his seat to look too, not believing that I can't identify it. But he, too, is mystified.When our waiter returned to check in on us and offer the 13th refill on water for my always-thirsty husband, we just had to ask. "Oh, that's just for decoration. I wondered that myself but it turns out it's papier-mache."Aww, man, and here I thought I was discovering some new and exotic fruit!Fake imaginary vegetation, table tents advertising "spicey" cheese on your hashbrowns, wonderful Greek salads, gyros, burgers, chicken, sandwiches, all the tasty breakfast you can imagine all day long, plus friendly and  ... Christy's is a gem and I'm thrilled to have it down the street from us.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,8/20/2011,122,412,3,7,5>Reasons why I adore this specialty grocer/cafe in downtown Downers Grove:1.  Very friendly and helpful staff - Uri treated me to several different cheeses and salads to help me decide what I wanted.2.  A comprehensive selection of gourmet condiments and assorted items.3.  Organic meats and poultry4.  Interesting seafood, such as escolar.5.  A great assortment of quality wines and craft beer, including Wine Guerilla, Lyeth, and Orren Swift.6.  Black sea salt Caramel Vosges chocolate bar - haven't seen this one anywhere.  Unfortunately, you won't see it at my house, either, as it's too good to last - me and the hubby went nuts over it.7.  Live music on Wednesdays and Fridays in their outside patio garden.  Great specials as well, such as half price wine on Wednesday, and Tuesday Craft beer night.8.An Artisan cheese area9.  A cafe and coffee bar.10. Way too much more to mention.I can't wait to try out their outside patio cafe.  I am incredibly jealous that my town doesn't have this place!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,8/19/2011,294,135,26,16,11>Wall to wall tramps!?!? SIGN ME UP! Oh, wait, you said WALL TO WALL TRAMPOLINES... Ok, I'll jump all over them too. ;) This place is HUGE and they have HUGE trampolines for you to get your jump on. What I like most about this place is that they have it broken down into sections and by age group. I love that you don't have to worry about the little kids getting hurt by playing with a bunch of the big kids who love to get rowdy. Oh yeah, they also have giant foam pits for you to jump into! I'm no gymnast, but I'm all about working my back flips and perfecting my ninja techniques, especially when I don't have to worry about busting my head open in the process! Foam Pits = Fun! But, wait. There's more. They have sections dedicated to trampoline dodgeball. Yes, that's right. I'm talking about jumping 10ft in the air and doing back flips while chucking a ball at your opponents! SWEET! In addition to all the fun & games, I'd have to say that what I really liked about Xtreme Trampolines was the service. Their staff was uber friendly and helpful. I highly recommend Xtreme Trampolines for groups, no matter what age you are. Heck, my friends and I are actually planning on getting a whole bunch of us together for some serious trampoline action! Xtreme Trampolines definitely has what it takes to earn my stamp of approval: awesome activities on trampolines and a huge venue that's great for groups at prices that won't break your bank. Holla!!!™
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,8/18/2011,223,313,5,8,5>This has been one of my favorite lunch spots since working in the area.  This quirky construction themed sub shop toasts up some meateriffic creations.  They're only open for lunch and the line can get long sometimes, so I usually come before noon.I actually haven't been here in a while and on my last trip I was happy to see they now serve pretzel buns!  All their subs are packed with meats & cheeses, especially the 9-meat Megastructure.  I like the Two by Four and the Sawhorse, but you really can't go wrong with any of their subs.  On top of the 20+ sub choices, they also have really good shakes, my favorite being the chocolate banana. The subs here won't disappoint and you'll definitely leave on a full stomach.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/17/2011,341,162,7,9,9>Let's keep this 5 STAR train going shall we!!! BEST SUSHI I HAVE EVER EATEN. I can not be happier with our visit to this restaurant. Seriously everyone reading this: GO now. Get sushi from Chef Soon. We sat at the bar and Chef Soon and his assistants were so easy to talk to, friendly, and offered up amazingly on point suggestions. You can tell they all love what they do and it shows in the quality of the sushi. Watching Soon make sushi I was mesmerized. He is so delicate and precise. The attention to detail is phenomenal. From the first bite to the last every flavor and all of the fresh ingredients were perfect and left the boyfriend and I speechless. The signature rolls we tried were the Summer Roll (no soy sauce needed), Ocean Drive (to die for! So refreshing and Delicious), and the Blu Coral roll (one of my favorites from the old Blu Coral). My boyfriend also tried the Zuke Salmon Nigiri. Thumbs up!! Fresh, unique, and well made. If I could give this place 10 stars I would. Love love love!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,8/16/2011,257,283,12,12,12>I'm going to go ahead and tell you that I'm kind of a wine person (read: semi-snob). Which Bigby's totally accommodates in great fashion. However, I recently fell in love at Bigby's with...... a BEER.This was not just any beer. Don't get your hopes up, because the deliciously coconutty Two Brothers Pahoehoe se acabo; I finished it off! Bigby's only got it out of sheer awesomeness and the love Two Bros has for their beer housing godliness in the first place... and now I'm reduced to stalking Candice and seeing what kind of access she has. ;)Come to think of it, I went back to check out the changes the new owner has made, but I can't quite tell why I didn't give it a 5 in the first place. Excellent variety of wines and beers, cozy couches, movie nights, board games, pong nights, customer voting for new things for Bigby's to order, great prices, hott bartender (ask about his tattoo... he'll love you for it!), hott owner, and an intimate atmosphere complete with lighting that makes us all (great place to make new friends!) look even better than we normally do. :) I was there so long I checked in twice and was close to a third... consider me a regular!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,8/15/2011,428,1216,11,13,12>Sad story.  My parents spent two weeks in Paris and planned to return home from O'Hare via the Blue Line.  Uh, no.  My parents gave me life, worked their fingers to the bone to raise us in a nice house in a Chicago neighborhood with great schools, and spent another considerable sum on my education and a Steinway grand piano (I practiced daily, I swear).  Leaving Paris is bad enough.  Staying awake most of the night on the flight home only adds to the pain.  The Blue Line is fine for ME.Unable to pick them up myself, I wrote to Uncle Yelp, and found the good ratings for Amm's from people I knew.  I called, booked the car, received a confirmation number, and paid over the phone including the gratuity.  I think it was about $75-80 total.  The car service took the flight info and said they'd track it, and adjust their arrival based on any unforeseen flight delays.I emailed Mom and said "how about a car instead?"Everything went off without a hitch, and the driver was a pleasant fellow who took excellent care of them.I must admit, I love to spoil my parents.  They can't stand it.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,8/14/2011,574,590,5,5,5>The Lucky Monk was a great place to grab dinner on Monday night. The food was outstanding. We ordered the Trappist Trio appetizer (pickle fries, truffle fries, and onion strings with a wasabi ranch sauce and chipotle ranch sauce) and it was a lot of fried goodness. I ordered the "Smothered" burger, medium rare (and cooked just right) with caramelized onions, gruyere cheese, and a fried egg on top. The meat was delicious, the toppings flavorful, and the bun soft and golden! The fries were also crispy and hand-cut. So yummy. Finally, I ordered their American IPA, Confessional, home brew and it complimented the meal very nicely. My friend ordered the Farmhouse burger with Applewood smoked duroc bacon, Tillamook cheddar, and all the fixins. His looked awesome and we both left stuffed and happy.I'd love to go back!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,8/13/2011,168,718,8,11,7>If you are looking for a GREAT chili dog or a breaded steak sandwich or delicious fries, THIS is the place to go!I was here last night (a Wednesday night) picking up food for my husband and I.  From the second I walked in the door, I felt the family atmosphere.  There was even a cute little boy to greet me at the door saying "welcome to our restaurant!!".  I wish he were on the menu, he was so adorable!I got a chili dog that comes with fries for $2.99 (can't beat that) and my husband ordered the steak sandwich.  We took a bit of each others' food, and he said he had hot dog envy whereas I had breaded steak envy...so we shared!!But the chili on my chili dog was SO good--my husband says he's going to get just a bowl of it next time!  The bun was so fresh and fluffy, and the overall taste was amazing.  I LOVED the fries--the seasoning on them was delicious, and they were really fluffy on the inside!  The steak sandwich had just the right amount of breading, and the flavor was delicious.  I was talking to Nick while my order was being made, and he said they make a lot of things from scratch--I can tell!!!  This wasn't any store-bought sauce here, people!!  I guess the same goes for the sauce they use on the pasta--I know what I am getting next time!!I cannot wait to try everything on the menu (and everything looks SO good, I know I will be doing just that!).
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,8/12/2011,81,277,6,8,6>This place is great! I have been back three times, and each visit was delicious! I have ordered a veggie quesadilla, shrimp taco, grilled fish taco, rice and black beans, and chips with salsa.Everything was fresh and full of flavor. I have decided to forget the rice and beans and order an extra taco because the rice and beans are very standard while the fish and shrimp tacos are awesome.The service is always very friendly and they call you by name when your order is ready. You can eat there or take it to go. When they pack it up, it comes in great spill-proof containers that keep it warm and give you a huge helping of homemade chips. This place is fresh, friendly, and delicious!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,8/11/2011,69,324,9,4,5>It's 1985 all year round here!  Love that there is still a roller rink, not too far, that I can take my kids to.  I swear, however, everytime I walk in, I've stepped into a time warp!  The last time I showed up, I was with my daughter and her friends and it WAS 80's night!  (hehehe)  I got to hear all my favorite music from my teen years, the best part was that I had no clue that it was '80's' night before I went and was wearing a Bon Jovi t-shirt... then got amused when teenage girls are telling me how much they love my shirt (while I'm skating around the rink to You Give Love a Bad Name).  Also seeing kids' interpretations of what we looked like in the 80's was really entertaining.  My daughter and her friends were afraid they wouldn't fit in and as I looked at them all I laughed... skinny jeans, wripped jeans, legging and jean mini-skirts - WTH, is it still the 80's? No doubt I'll keep bringing my kids here... it's harmless, a great opportunity for fun for all of us parents (if you're not afraid to put the skates back on) and always great for people watching!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,8/10/2011,79,108,5,7,5>I pooh-poohed all the talk about Naf Naf's super-fluffy pitas because I thought a pita was a pita was a pita. As is so often the case, I was wrong. Let me put it this way - I have three pet rabbits and they're not as fluffy as the pitas at Naf Naf. The pitas are almost as fluffy as dinner rolls and are like chewing on a carby cloud.I stopped by tonight for takeout on my way home. The young guy who waited on me was friendly and double-checked that hot sauce had made it into my bag (for me, it's the spicier, the better). Since it was my first time there, I ordered the Veggie Feast since it looked like a good way to try a lot of different things. It came with hummus, baba ghanoush, tabule salad, purple cabbage salad, six falafel balls, two pitas and a mix of olives and pickles. All of it was delicious and they weren't kidding when they said it was a feast. It's HUGE. I stuffed myself and easily have enough for a big lunch tomorrow. It's definitely worth the price ($9.99), which originally made me hesitate. This was a night-and-day comparison to the experience I had at Cedar Grill a few weeks ago (check out my review on that place - I'm still steamed at what happened). Naf Naf is easy to swing by when I'm on my way home from visiting from parents and boyfriend and I can guarantee I'll be stopping by again!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,8/9/2011,102,185,5,10,7>I was just at Freddy's today and realized that I have never reviewed them. How could this be???  The place is amazing. It is a grocery store, ice cream place, and Italian restaurant all in one. The grocery section has a nice selection of frozen Italian pastas, deli meats, dry pasta, olive oil, spices and ingredients common to Italian foods. The restaurant has foods like pizza, eggplant parmesan, rice balls, salads, sandwiches, etc. I've even noticed over the counter medications used in Italy like antacids, (don't know what the other stuff was). Oh and they have a nice selection of Italian Ice and Gelato. About 12 flavors or more of each. The lunch hour is chaotic so if this is your first time stopping in, I suggest you go at a quieter time to get the most of the experience. The first time I went, it was at down time and the employees were very attentive. Understandably though, at lunch time they try to get people in and out ASAP. They have outdoor and indoor seating and finding street parking is hard during the busy times.  Oh, and it's CASH ONLY.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,8/8/2011,38,95,3,7,2>Visited Gibson's on Sept. 2nd, reservations for 7:30. I have been to this location many, many times and I think it is getting better than ever. Top notch food and service. Started off with a Grey goose martini with blue cheese olives. I don't know what it is about this place but they serve the best martini's around. Ice cold and big. Just how I like them. I have tried quite a few of the steaks here but it seems that now I am always ordering their specialty, the W.R. cut. This is a bone in rib-eye. I am not much of a filet person, I prefer rib-eye or perhaps a porterhouse (which I know has a filet section.) This W.R. rib-eye has to be one of the most flavorful beef cuts out there. Medium rare is the way I roll each and every time. One of the best things this evening was that Gibsons - Rosemont was celebrating their 10th anniversary and these rib-eyes were priced at only $20. As our waiter said, "this will be the best $20 steak you will ever have". He was right (or psychic) Everyone's steak was cooked to perfection. We split an enormous twice baked potato three ways, which was plenty, and the vegetable combination. The veggie combination was great. Spinach, mushrooms, cauliflower, green beans, asparagus, and carrots. All my favorites. Everything was perfect. The grand finale for the evening was Gibsons Turtle pie. This dessert should not be legal. It is a humongous wedge of Ice cream, macadamias, fudge and caramel over a buttery crust. It is magnificent. This thing can be shared with eight people. No fooling, it is that big. The three of us ordered it and we could only dent it about half way before waving the white flag. I have been to just about all of the top steakhouses in Chicago and in my book, Gibsons is Numero Uno. I keep finding myself coming back here again and again.Great drinks, service, and most importantly, great food. I am giving them my first 5 star review.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,8/7/2011,20,78,3,5,3>This warm and cozy hole-in-the-wall is providing Oak Parkers with what we were missing for quite a long time: good sushi. The dinning room is small and intimate, in warm wood tones. The menu is creative but also includes comfortable items for the less adventurous customers.The sushi rice is properly steamed and precisely prepared with the right amounts of vinegar and sugar. The presentation is thoughtful, to say the least. The service is fast and courteous. The chefs are very responsive to customer requests for less rice in nigiri and maki. Gluten-free soy sauce is available on demand. Bathrooms are well appointed and clean.We had dinner here on two occasions and enjoyed our meals. The ginger maki is very flavorful. The spicy tuna roll is pleasantly spicy and the sashimi cuts are generous and fresh.This is a great restaurant addition to Oak Park!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,8/6/2011,35,98,4,4,4>Fantastic little place! I avoided it for the longest time because it seemed like just a hole in the wall restaurant (even though those are usually the best). I was really skeptical, the place is small and old it looks like it's the same size as the Dairy Queen from the outside. But the food is amazing, seriously. I've never gotten anything from here I didn't like. The vegetables are always fresh and the tea is always hot. The prices are very reasonable and you get a lot of food. They seem to get a lot of take out orders here too, and there are always at least a handful of patrons inside. My favorite dish would have to be the vegetable fried rice. Always good never waivers on quality. And you can always ask for no MSG in meat dishes which is a good thing right? The only downside is service is a little slow so don't eat in and be in a hurry. Its a tag team duo in the restaurant which I am guessing are the owners. They are as nice as can be and really try their best to make you happy! It's worth it though I promise! Also beware that in the summer the air isn't always on, sometimes just the fan with the door open.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,8/5/2011,161,158,3,6,4>This place has good authentic Hong Kong cuisine.  I visited here with the boyfriend and his family who are Chinese and knows quite a big about Canton and Hong Kong dishes and they have been fond of this place. Luckily, when I'm with them, his family always order a plethora of dishes and being that it was my first time at the restaurant, it really gave me a good idea of the many dishes that they offered.  We had a fantastic luncheon that felt more like a feast with beef and seafood congee, beef chow fun, 2 kinds of rice rolls in soy sauce and XO sauce, hot and sour soup, turnip cake, wonton thick rice noodle soup. The chow fun and rice rolls were really flavorful and it didn't look like any other chow fun you would get from other cook-cutter Chinese restaurants.  It was not too soft nor hard and had the right about amount of a bit crunchy-ness to it.  Though with fried noodles, you will get a bit of oil and this restaurant will use oil.  But I guess that comes with the food.  The congee soup was very good and it was made Canon style so the rice was more fluffy than other congees.  Just have a taste of it if you're looking for something warm to start with and you'll see what I mean.  The hot and sour soup was good but I must say it tasted a bit more sweet than it was sour.  Every place makes it different and they just need to adjust the balance.  Turnip cakes was yummy and wonton soup was delish...  Overall, I was pretty satisify with this place and I would visit again.  The food is good though the service can bit a little abrupt but they'll get your order out quick (which is pretty accurate of most local small-business restaurants). Pictures to follow...
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,8/4/2011,371,418,9,10,8>The Morton Arboretum is pretty awesome. I'm not going to lie, I shied away from ever becoming a member here because i considered this place a nice place to visit, but more of an uptight no-fun zone that was pretty to look at but I felt like the attitude there was too serious.But things have changed, it used to be that there was no running or bike riding and things overall used to be, well, tighter. Now, I'm NOT AT ALL saying they've let this place go at all. It's still just as beautiful - if not more beautiful as ever, but now you can ride a bike through it, this is a BIG deal to me. I enjoyed my first bike ride through here so much that I became a member on the spot. Being a member has so many perks, discounts on merchandise, events and classes, as well as discounted admission for friends.If the Arboretum wasn't beautiful enough the I could spend half the day in the gift shop and the other half in the Gingko Café (I hugely recommend the buffalo wrap and the crab salad - yummm!)Tips: Bring/use bug and sun protection. HYDRATE, it's something like 16 miles on the hiking trails and 9 miles on the bike trails. If you're riding a bike, ride mouth closed, I had some kind of unexpected winged snack in one of the west loops of the park.5 stars.PS, every person I met from the entrance gate to the visitor center, restaurant and gift shop was just lovely.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,8/3/2011,21,16,6,6,6>Honey is one of my favorite places to eat. The service is outstanding - only second to the food.  There is a full coffee bar!  I had a coconut latte last time it was here, totally delicious! The menu features fresh takes on home classics, you'll see meatloaf, bugers, veggie burgers, crab cakes and so on.    Dietzler farm beer, organic salad greens, etc. are also featured in thier offerings.  My favorite menu item is the veggie burger.  I love how it's savory with a hint of sweet from the veggies.  Made this way, it doesn't try to taste like meat, the flavor of the veggies really shines and it's wonderful!  The house salad is made with organic greens and has a delicious vinigrette that I wish they bottled.  But if you feel like indulging, the regular fries or sweet potato fries are also very good.Save room for dessert, the cupcakes are just yummy!  Moist cake, light buttercream (a generous portion!), - without being oversweet -  in different flavors daily.  Coconut is my favorite.  There are also Gluten Free Cupcakes.I highly recommend Honey.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,8/2/2011,33,144,11,10,7>Well, it's official, I am in an abusive relationship with broasted chicken. I love it, it's fantastic, but it treats me badly. But then I go back to it and it's wonderful and then treats me horribly again. Over and over this cycle occurs.Well it's clear to me the time to leave has come.Which is a shame, because I found a place with some of the tastiest broasted chicken I've ever had. It had a great crispy skin that was actually juicy and flavorful on the inside, none of that disappointing blandness once the skin is gone. I love the seasoning overall. I'm not enough of a foodie to put my finger on the exact ingredients, but they set the chicken apart, for sure.It came with fries, which weren't too special. Standard crinkle cut, but at least they were crispy.The good news is, broasted chicken isn't all Billy's has. I've had their hotdogs before which were standard, but good, and my wife recently had a grilled chicken sandwich called the "Superchicken" that she absolutely loved. Since they see to put a little extra care into their chicken especially it's good to know I have other options to bring me back.So if your digestive system has more integrity than mine and you're looking for some of the best chicken around, definitely give Billy's a try. It's another place that doesn't look like much, but they've got it where it counts.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/1/2011,125,148,6,7,6>How did I JUST find out about this place? This is a hidden gem of parisian delight nestled in the northwest suburbs of South Barrington that has been open since '09. I sauntered in after perusing the Arboretum early Friday evening during rush hour. I wasn't exactly thrilled to sit in more traffic, I might add while raining, and thought perhaps an early dinner (nosh) might lift my soggy spirits. The bar and restaurant were beautifully decorated. Le Bar was designed and made by a French wood artist (Fabien Gilbert) in an art nouveau style. It truly transported me to France. Well ladies and gents, I am in le love. The staff is super knowledgable and sweet. The decor is tres chic. The food is unbelievable! Not to mention, the expansive and reasonably priced absinthe, apertifs, wines and champagne. I was totally in luck because the Friday special was $7 glasses of Veuve. My day was totally turning around! Mario, the bartender, definitely was no newbie behind the bar. He matter of factly told me recommendations for food, when the hot nights to come by for live music and fun and information on private parties (if i should ever want to have an AHEMbridalshowerAHEM here in the near future). So let's talk food...they have a running list of specials of the day prepared from the chef in addition to the full menu of sweet and savory crepes, Chateaubriand Filet Mignon au Poivre, duck à L'Orange, salads and more. I was totally overwhelmed and impressed. I opted for the special tuna and shrimp in wasabi/aioli sauce appetizer and for dessert the warm berry compote and chocolate crepe. Everything was not only beautifully presented, but magnifique. I hope to make it back soon for their Ladies night on Wednesday's featuring $5 Martinis/$5 Glass of Wine/$5 Mixed Drinks or for a brunch on the weekends.  I suggest you make a special visit for this culinary treasure. It is definitely worth the trip!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,7/31/2011,7,63,1,9,5>I refuse to go elsewhere. Period.I was in here a while ago on a recommendation from a friend who has gotten all of his tattoos done here. Needless to say, I was not disappointed. I wanted to cover up a mysterious mark on my hip, so I called that morning and booked an appointment with Rod. I brought him a picture of what I wanted and he redrew it while I filled out the necessary forms. His drawing was exactly what I wanted, and he went to work.Everything is clean and sanitary here; there's no "dirty tattoo shop" feeling like I got from a few other places. Everything is cleaned and sanitized, nothing is "recycled". Everyone is easy to talk to, doesn't give you a hard time, and is willing to help you out with any questions you have or anything you need.In the end, he was done in about half an hour, gave me a reminder on how to take care of it, said to call with any questions, and sent me on my way. Quick, painless (especially important since I am a wimp and have the pain tolerance of an infant). I am more than pleased, and would not recommend anywhere or anyone else. I'll be back soon!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,7/30/2011,83,98,6,5,6>$1.75 tacos - sure the price can be beat by the (tons of) other hole-in-the-wall Mexican places in Streamwood, but there's something about this place that makes it one to remember. Maybe it's the boxes of unpacked bottles of beer stacked in front of the counter... or the collections of bottle caps underneath a bottle opener stuck to the wall... or it could be the jukebox that just so happens to play after you make your order... or that super smiley guy behind the register that waits patiently as you try to decide between tacos al pastor or lengua (tongue), then decide to get both. Whatever it is - it works. Adorable little place with phenomal tacos al pastor - very flavorful and a niiice helping of meat. I think we got one of each on the menu. Carnitas was good too - had a good crunch to it. Tasted a lot like Filipino lechon. Yummm.The paper menu has more options than the big menu behind the register, if I would have known, I would have grabbed a torta as well. Next time!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,7/29/2011,287,787,10,13,13>My new favorite flavor is honeydew... My new favorite flavor is watermelon... My new favorite flavor is cantaloupe... My new favorite flavor is strawberry... My new favorite flavor is coconut... Holy cats, I can't make up my mind because I love every flavor I've tried. Fresh flavors, Homemade--I've found little bits of fruit in the ice at times, friendly service, reasonable prices--all that makes Gina's one of my faves and I always stop in if I'm in the area.Can't decide on just one flavor (like me?) they'll mix in a few flavors in your cup so you can get your taste buds working overtime. DEEElicious.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,7/28/2011,4739,1870,37,31,23>Aaaand The Bad Bridesmaid Award Goes Toooo...drumrolldrumrolldrumrolldrumrolldrumrolldrumrolldr­umrolldrumrolldrumrolldrumrolldrumrolldrumrolldrum­rolldrumrolldrumrollME! (natch)When my B-maid dress came in from the bridal shop I was shocked to find it was SofaKing big that when I tried it on I could zip the whole thing up, put it over my head, and it let it drop straight to the ground. Yay a bridesmaid tarp! So I tucked the dress away and worked on erasing the God awful fitting experience from my memory until I absolutely had to deal with it.It's now 2 weeks before the wedding (okay, it's a little over a week and a half until the wedding) and turns out, I'm probably gonna be sh*t outta luck taking my Andre the Giant sized dress just anywhere. Enter Lorenzo's: a well reviewed tailoring and alterations shop that's been in business for over 25 years, is oh-so-conveniently located within 10 driving minutes from my favorite Thai food spot, and says they'll have no problem getting my dress done before the wedding. PAYDIRT! Besides the size of the dress, my other problem is that I have a really  hard time wearing strapless dresses because there is no strapless bra in existence with a small enough back measurement and a big enough bust measurement. On any other day of the year the size of my body to my boobs ratio would work in my favor and then some, but not at a wedding- Not at my best friends CLASSY wedding where all the other bridesmaids will look thin and flawless and I'll look all oozy like those squishy Mr Bill toys that when squeezed the two eyeballs pop out... but replace eyeballs with tittays. So I head into Lorenzo's hoping they can pull off the miracle gross of alterations I know the dress needs and I'm expecting an older polish lady or a little Italian man or someone that could be typecast in a sitcom based on looks for what most people would think a tailor or seamstress would appear to be... but what do I walk into? Uhm. *blushes* Well... a super sssmokin' hot late 20s/early 30s something guy complete with tattoos and a mini mohawk. Soooo, there's that. He's incredibly professional and tells me what he'd mentioned over the phone- that the owner is out of town until Thursday but as long as it's not an actual wedding dress he can do the measurements and have the seamstress sew it up for the next week. You got a deal, Buddy!The dress (which I had been affectionately referring to as "the Beast") is so big that he needs to actually pre-pin before I try it on and do the actual measurements and alterations pinning on top of the first round of pins- so my dress is basically 1 part green shimmery taffeta and 10 parts metal. I felt like a flamboyant Iron Man, but the dress felt like it would fit snugly and it appeared that he understood when I said I needed the top part to be TIGHT so I could tuck my bubbies in and have the least amount of nip slips possible.  I had dropped the dress off on a Wednesday and with the 4th of July holiday weekend they said it could be ready Tuesday. Turns out, the dress needed so much taken out- something to the tune of 8 inches, that it ended up taking a little longer (but that worked out better for my schedule anyway) and I got to pick up the perfectly fitted dress on Thursday AND they were so nice that the owner gave me quite the deal on The Beasts alterations. The dress was a hit and my boobs only almost came out a few times due to the lack of a quality strapless bra and my excessive booty shakin' BUT overall it was a showstopper and I owe it all to the super sexy crew at Lorenzo's, whom I will now count on for any and all my alterations needs.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,7/27/2011,174,261,5,6,5>Oh no, Suzy Greenberg has to lose 10 lbs, what to do?Sirius to the rescue!  Make Yah Lean Green Beans and Turkey Stew have helped Suzy stay excited about her meals and kept her tummy happy, while unknowingly dieting and already losing 2 lbs!  Yay!Harriet and Julie have been so kind and helpful in showing me how to count doggie calories and recommending good healthy grain free food and homemade stews.  It's become one of our favorite stores.  (Well, any store that offers a dog treat is a must stop for Suzy.)We have also found some great doggie tooth gel to help our old Chihuahua friend, Mr. Big, and Julie recommended some calming remedies for our more anxious friends as well.They are a wealth of knowledge for keeping your pet happy and healthy.  We also love how the dog statue outside is always dressed for the season.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,7/26/2011,283,456,5,8,6>Can't even believe I have waited so long to write my review for Graham's. I'm kinda embarrassed. Graham's has chocolate. It's creamy, fresh and delicious. It's pricey, but good chocolate always is. You can watch them make chocolate through a window and when you are done with that, you can wander inside and buy a whole bunch!! They have homemade ice cream which I understand is fantabulous. (I can not eat ice cream)This is a great place to buy a box of chocolate for a gift. My Grandma and sister are both fans. They offer chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered pretzels, creams, nutty stuff, some bulk candies, toffees and my personal favorite- S'Mores! The s'mores are "graham" crackers, with caramel and marshmallow and then completely covered in yes, you guessed it, chocolate!I love Graham's. Writing this review has persuaded me to visit very soon followed with a wine tasting down the block at Galena Cellars!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,7/25/2011,44,130,7,9,4>Personally, I couldn't have felt more out-of-place in the glistening, corporate complex that graces north Naperville. Maybe it's because the restaurant shares a lobby with an investment firm, but it felt a little like peering into the Big Boy's Club: it wouldn't phase me if a multi-million dollar Wall Street deal took place here over steaks 'n' scotch.Anyway, on to what matters! The waiter was extremely attentive and considerate. Even the bus boy, when pouring ice water, shielded his hand with a napkin to prevent any water from potentially splashing me. I was shocked by this move and said as much. The poor soul's demeanor suggested he may have been lashed before, god help that wayward drop of water.A fresh basket of bread (cut into clever slivers that resembled chips) arrived alongside cloves of garlic, which the waiter crushed right in front of us with a fork! The beet and apple salad was superb, with an excellent (and light) touch of vinaigrette. And my mom had to restrain herself from licking the plate clean of her birthday dinner (mushroom dusted mahi). Solid menu, superb service, beautiful environment. I could've sat back and watched the traffic all day.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,7/24/2011,0,107,5,14,7>Just stopped at Sugar Fixe this morning.  I thought I read that the grand opening was this Saturday, so was happy to see some pastries in the display cases and a customer at the counter as I walked by.  I tried a slice of the ham, onion and gruyere quiche.  It made me want to throw a brunch for my girlfriends this weekend so I could go back and order a whole one!  It was creamy, cheesy goodness in a flaky crust.  And it had just the right balance of ham and onions.  I also bought a carrot cake that I was going to serve after dinner tonight.  However, after being so happy with the quiche, I decided to sneak a small piece of the cake.  So yummy.  The cake was moist and flavorful and the frosting was creamy and just the right amount of sweet.  I will definitely go back to try more items in the future!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,7/23/2011,325,653,5,11,6>I once described this place as an upscale Panera, but now I realize that it's more than that. The Marion Street Cheese Market has evolved beyond great sandwiches with exquisite cheeses. It's hard to describe the uniqueness of this place. It's more than the trifecta of a wine shop, cheese shop, and eco-conscious restaurant. It's perfectionist thoughtfulness is not pretentious. Feel comfortable going there in jeans, but be prepared to feel treated.I've gone there many times and have enjoyed wine, Bourbon, and cheeses. It's not always perfect all of the time. Sometimes my wine choice didn't ring true and once they were out of their amazing pork dish, but this place has never ever lost it's top rate ranking among my favorites.The service is up there, the occasional live music on key, and the food pleases. I've gone there with friends after work and also for dates. This place really is a winner! (Oh - and I've written about the Marion Street Cheese Market on my blog!)
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,7/22/2011,284,80,2,6,6>Having enjoyed the athletic services of various country and city clubs, I have a higher expectation of FFC than many would. To be certain, the place is clean, although finding alcohol wipes are a bit of a challenge. There are plenty of machines and helpful staff to explain how they work. I really like their being 24 hours during weekdays since I sometimes keep very odd hours, and a good workout at 5 am or 11:30 pm is not unusual for me.The spa is great! I got a 30-minute massage from Stacy that began as a bone-crusher, but she loosened up some scapular tension quite well. The steam room is well-maintained, yet there is no sauna. These are expensive due to the special wood required on all surfaces.I rent a small locker which is enough to store a few changes of clothing, toiletries, and workout shoes. Additionally, they offer a laundry service so your clean clothes are returned into your locker the next day. There's no way I'm toting sweaty workout clothes to work to wash them that evening.There is a constant specter of over-selling service, staff are always suggesting some new thing. That might be new to me since that never happens at country clubs, but they have a revenue stream that is different than FFC.One evening, quite to my surprise, was a member appreciation night with samples of food from local restaurants, music, and promotional sizes of sports drink. I'm certain it did not cost the club very much, but goodwill like that goes a long way.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,7/21/2011,199,119,8,6,6>Loving this new(ish) spot. It has a great, hom-ey feel, and delicious food. The menu is large, and they serve breakfast all day, which is a plus. We stopped by here on a Sunday morning after the gym, around 10:00. It looked pretty busy, and we were told that the wait would be about 20 minutes. My mom whined that she didn't want to wait 20 minutes. I said, Mom, it smells like heaven in here and we're not leaving. We were pleasantly surprised when we only waited 10 minutes!We had a great server named Jennifer. She made the whole experience wonderful. So friendly, helpful, and genuinely nice. Thanks Jennifer!As I mentioned, the menu is quite large and overwhelming. As you're waiting to be seated, you see pictures of their selections on the flat screens above - which resulted in "I WANT THAT" being yelled every 2 seconds. That being said, it was hard to decide what to order by the time we were seated! My sister got the eggs benedict, which were recommended by Jennifer. She really enjoyed them - they came with hash browns, which I got to try - perfectly cooked and seasoned! I wanted so badly to try out the strawberry cheesecake french toast, the cinnamon raisin french toast, a skillet, the biscuits and gravy.... sigh. But you can't have it all, my friends. Not all at once. My mom and I split the breakfast panini - scrambled egg, cheese, and bacon on sourdough bread. Not huge, but good enough to split. I love a good, basic breakfast sandwich, and I enjoyed it. Then my mom and I split the buttermilk pancakes, which I ordered without the powdered sugar, but with cinnamon fugi apples on top. YUM!! Some of the most delicious pancakes I've had, and the cinnamon apples were the perfect, slightly sweet topping.They make a chocolate cupcake, which is basically just the Portillo's chocolate cake in cupcake form - I mean, come on. That's just perfection.Can't wait to try out all of the other dishes I was salivating over. Honey Jam Cafe is a slam dunk!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,7/20/2011,191,452,6,7,5>I came hungry.  I left happy.A decent Thai place just 10 minutes away from my suburban dwelling?  I rushed over with my husband.  Situated in a grungy looking strip mall, you'll find CK Pad Thai between a Dairy Queen and Asian Family Physician office.Typical service from a Thai restaurant.  Fast.  Efficient.  Friendlier than most.  Decor was clean, a Thai tapestry here and there.  Clean is key.It be a 90 degree plus day, I need something to cool off, so Thai iced tea for me!  One of the best I've had.  Not too sweet so that you can actually taste the tea.  Craving it now!  (Note to self-look up how to make Thai iced tea.  Probably pretty easy).The food made me sad.  Sad because I think I might have to ditch my favorite Thai place in the burbs (Thai Zie-try it!) for CK.  For $6.95 the lunch special includes a flavorful chicken rice broth soup & not one but two shrimp egg rolls . You read that right, SHRIMP!  Not some puny vegetable egg roll! By the time the pad see ew I ordered came, I was one bite away from full.  Needless to say, I took more than half my lunch home.  Guess it's pad see ew for lunch at work tomorrow!So you're at the end of your meal.  What's one of the frequently asked questions after we're all happy stuffed?  ...Anybody have gum? Yup, CK's got you covered! You'll find a stick of Wrigley gum with your  check.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,7/19/2011,2184,1339,9,10,9>Wildfish is one of the best sushi places in Chicagoland, hands down! The sushi is all fresh, very tasty, and the service is fantastic! The location is great, there is a ton of underground parking (people who say there is no parking must not have seen this underground parking...the stairs lead right up to the front of Wildfish) and the ambiance is intimate and very classy. Definitely make reservations though!I went yesterday because the last Wednesday night of each month they have an all you can eat event for $32. This includes a ton of appetizers, rolls and nigiri...it is a great deal! A lot of really good rolls are included on the Wednesday night menu.  Of course you can order off of the regular menu, too, but the all you can eat sushi is a much better deal.For appetizers, we had Wild Tartar (Spicy tuna & salmon served on crispy tortilla chips...very good but eat it before it soaks into the chip making it soggy!), Edamame, Vegetable Tempura, & Gyoza (Pan fried pork dumplings). For our feast we had 3 Philadelphia Rolls (standard fare of cream cheese, salmon, avocado & cucumber... I think they make my FAVORITE Philly roll here), Crispy Spicy Tuna (Sushi rice pan fried with spicy tuna...this is actually an interesting looking roll...reminds me more of cake pieces then sushi pieces), 2 Super White Tuna pieces (amazing), 2 Yellow Tail  pieces (also yummy), 2 Red Snapper pieces (surprisingly good), Crazy Dragon Roll (snow crab meat with seared spicy tuna & tempura crumbs,  Indiana Jones (Shrimp & asparagus tempura, unagi, egg, wasabi mayo, black rice)  and then we tried pieces of some various rolls...I cant remember the names of them all. They have about 6 different rolls you can grab pieces of in a buffet style and the rest can be ordered off the menu. Most of the appetizers you go up and get buffet style, as well, except we ordered ours off of the menu.So to summarize price wise, we got (Wild Tartar 10, Edamame 4, Vegetable Tempura 8, Gyoza 6, Philly Rolls 30, Crispy Spicy Tuna 17, 2 Super White Tuna pieces 6, 2 Yellow Tail pieces 6, 2 Red Snapper pieces 6, Crazy Dragon Roll 17, Random other roll pieces, 3 Green Tea Ice Creams 9,  Indiana Jones roll 18) $137 would have been the retail price not counting the random rolls pieces we tried (and we both tried at least 6 different pieces) and we paid $64 for the two of us.The whole staff was great. The servers were very attentive to our needs and our water glasses never went below half filled.There was so much more we wanted to try, but we just got SO full! :) Next month we will definitely going back to this all you can eat event.They have some of the most creative rolls at Wildfish. A lot of newer sushi places actually had chefs that started at Wildfish and 'borrowed' some of their roll ideas I've heard. Wildfish truly is the original sushi place for some of these creative rolls.They have some great desserts here, too! The green tea ice cream is the perfect way to end your dinner. They also have these fruit ice creams that come in half of a frozen real fruit piece~refreshing and light and yummy!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,7/18/2011,92,360,5,6,5>Mmm. Pho Ha was a good experience all around, from the coconut shake made with real coconut milk, to the quality of the broth, vegetables and meat that came with the pho.Any issues I have with the place are small. There was barely any parking in the strip mall, which isn't usually a problem out here in the 'burbs. The minimum dollar amount for a credit transaction is a hefty $15, so I had to walk next door to an ATM for cash.Inside, it's pretty much no frills, and all Asians. (The whole place had a familiar feel, down to the Orlando Magic game that was being broadcast from the LCD TV next to the cash register. You know you're eating with other Asians when...) The menu is a short list on two pages, so I could make up my mind as to what I wanted quickly. There was 25 minutes between when I got the pho, and when I got home, so I can't say I had the pho fresh out of the kitchen. Still, this was seriously savory pho. Maybe it was the balance of the duck sauce, the chili sauce and the broth, or the mint, or the freshness of the meat. I have not had better pho anywhere else in the suburbs.This place is a treat. I'm glad it's close by, because I want to go back and have it in the restaurant itself.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,7/17/2011,79,108,13,15,13>It is an inevitability that if there's a gyros joint somewhere in my vicinity, I will eat there at least once, however, Stav's has grown on me more and more.I started just getting gyros sandwiches and gyros plates, then I expanded to their chicken and salads.Gyros are pretty damn good, and even good reheated when you can't finish all of it in one sitting!  That's a hard thing to accomplish as many times reheated gyros are chewy and basically inedible.  Now their chicken.. holy moly!  The meat falls off the bone.  The Grecian spices or their BBQ flavors are terrific, albeit once in a while the skin is a tidbit on the burnt side.Now, the trumpets herald the excellent Greek salads they offer.  You can have a small or an ultimate salad... always crispy lettuce, fresh tomatoes and cucumbers, crisp and slightly potent thin slices of onion, green pepper slice, dolmades (rice in a grape leaf), feta cheese, and kalamata olives, all can be covered in their spiced vinaigrette which is in a separate container so you can dose it out at your own convenience.  Make sure that you phone ahead to place your order if you're going to the drive through window because this place is NOT fast food and you'll end up waiting if you just show up.The restaurant area is always clean, and has a flat screen television, but I've never dined-in.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,7/16/2011,73,255,4,11,5>This place has replaced Portillo's as my most favorite place to get a great hot dog, or any Chicago food for that matter. It's a little dive place on Irving Park Road. Here's what we've had there:1) Double Dog, Easy Mustard: Great snap. Perfectly steamed!!2) Fries: Typically, I'm not a fan of handcut fries. I don't know if it's the oil here or what, but their fries are great. Not soggy, not burnt tasting.3) Chili Dog: Husband claims it's great.4) Cheese Pizza: Meh. Was great for my kid after football, I'd like to try it with something on it before I give a full evaluation.5) Onion Rings: TO DIE FOR.6) Cheese Sticks: Good, nothing special.7) Chicken Strips: Good. Can tell it's real chicken breast.8) Drink Options: GREEN RIVER and other assorted drinks.9) Double Cheeseburger: Was pleasantly surprised. It was Great! Next time I'm going to see if I can get a Bacon Cheesburger!Speed of delivery is average. But what stands out are the grill guys. These dudes are workhorses. If there was a lull in walk in traffic -- they were cutting fries. They were constantly working hard. And they make great food!BONUS: Nana's delivers. :)
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,7/15/2011,252,423,6,6,6>What a unique little sandwich shop! I love sandwiches and I love Asian food so Zenwich is a food marriage made in heaven. I tried the Chicken Satay sandwich and hubby had the Pork Katsu sandwich. OMG- amazing. I didlike the Katsu a bit more than mine but both were yummy. And get the house made chips- double crunch yum, indeed. Both our sammy's also came with an Asian slaw & a pickle; a nice touch. The friendly owner was behind the counter and took the time to explain the menu and/or concept to new folks. We were there at lunch time on a Saturday and they were doing quite a brisk amount of business. The place is small, just a few tables, so you might want to consider getting your order to go if you come at a peak time.I'm only sad they aren't in our neighborhood so we can't frequent Zenwich more often.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,7/14/2011,850,1294,12,12,16>A fellow Minnesotan once perfectly summed up my spice tolerance: "Ketchup has a zing to it." Well, that was what I'd have said some years ago. I've been working on choking back the Scoville tears and can now enjoy hot wings (with a ton of ranch) and other meals that pack a little heat. If you've read Carolynne M.'s reviews, I envy her courage/masochism.I wanted to do something special for my 700th review, so I searched Yelp for anyplace including a 7 and found Heaven on Seven, which happens to be in the same city in which I live. I immediately called my food-adventurist buddy and bugged him to go with me every day for the past two weeks and finally broke his resistance to driving all the way from Wheeling to partake in delicious Southern food.HoS is easy to pass if you aren't looking for it. It's just one of many tiny storefronts that dot Main Street. Now you can thank me for bringing it to your attention because you're going to get some quality eats here. My friend had a delicious Breaded Catfish with Coleslaw. I highly recommend the Sweet Potato Polenta with Andouille Sausage and Carmalized Onions, Orzolaya with huge chunks of Sausage, Chicken, Shrimp and Tomatoes, and a cup of the Gumbo. I personally prefer a more brothy and seafood-packed Gumbo, but this one isn't bad. It "has a zing to it." A real zing, not the MN ketchup kind.It was a bit on the pricier side, but not outrageous. I think it could be a good date spot, because it's kinda colorful and kitschy (Mardi Gras beads hang from thousands of bottles of different hot sauces and original artwork covers the brick walls) without being campy. The waitstaff were all friendly and attentive. The dessert menu is both impressive and daunting, we skipped it because we had enough leftovers to last all weekend. I'd like to come back and try some other dishes and get my sweet tooth fix.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,7/13/2011,12,51,3,5,3>Great wine, perfectly cooked steak, ncaa basketball = perfect night.This is my first review on Yelp, but definitely not my first trip to a nice steakhouse.  I travel a lot and try to hit "the best" steakhouse in whatever city I am in.  We made the drive from downtown based on the excellent reviews and it was well worth the drive.  I am going to make two reviews here, first for those that live in the city - the drive to Schaumburg was easy and the menu was well worth the trip.  We had the Thai Buffalo shrimp for an appetizer, and I could have ate these all night.  The sauce was amazing, the perfect blend of a little sweet and some spice.  Shrimp can easily be overdone, these were cooked perfectly.  The filet had a nice sear, and was cooked perfectly for each of the members of our party.  The bernaise sauce was excellent, but I only used one bite of it because the steak was perfectly seasoned.  I have definitely had some steaks at well known steak houses that needed some extra flavor, but this steak was perfect.  The sides all sounded fantastic, but we could barely finish the garlic mashed potatoes because the steak and appetizers were so filling.  My wife has bread pudding for dessert at every restaurant we go to, and I have tried most.  The banana bread pudding was among the best I have ever had.My review for those of you that live anywhere close to Schaumburg... why haven't you gone and tried this place yet!  You have no excuse not to go.  If it is worth a 30-45 minute drive for people in the city, then it is definitely worth an even shorter trip.  Why go into the city and get a inferior dining experience when you can get a perfectly cooked steak and great experience without the hassle.  Go there and write your own review - you will not be disappointed.  Great for a date night, business dinner, or just when you are craving a great steak, great atmosphere, and a restaurant and owner that truly care about your dining experience.  With the economy the way it is, the owners of this restaurant know that you may not be able to afford to eat out as often, and therefore want to make sure your experience is memorable.  We saw the owner going around and checking on every table, the servers knew the menu and could recommend a great bottle of wine to compliment your meal.  The specials sounded amazing, I wish I could have sampled each one.  I guess we'll just have to come back again....and again...and again.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,7/12/2011,50,245,2,6,5>My family never misses this festival.  We really think it's the best in Chicagoland and uber-family friendly.  We have it down to a science.  We arrive at 11:45 and park  in the Boy Scout lot by the main entrance. The $15 cost is totally worth it especially since we walk in looking like we're on a weekend campout.  We bring chairs, blankets, lots and lots of semi-frozen factory sealed water bottles, sun block, bug spray, paper towel, wet wipes, cards, newspaper, reading material for kids, camera, contraband Tootsie Rolls and fruit snacks and I think that about covers it!  We are definitely ALL IN!  Oh yeah, and a couple hundred dollars!  Entry is $12 for over 11 years old.  There is a list of what is allowed in on their website.As soon as you set up your little campground or picnic area you can leave your stuff there and walk around.  Of course, we don't leave valuables and we tuck stuff away under our chairs a bit but have never ever had anything stolen.  Speaking of lost stuff.  There is a child check in area where you can put a paper bracelet on your child with a corresponding tab with a number you receive to keep.  You fill out a form with your name, the child's name and your cell phone number so if you ever get separated they know who to call.  Also, the brightly colored shirts of all the volunteers make it easy to tell your children who to go to if they do get lost.  Luckily this has never been a problem for us but the peace of mind makes us feel better.  This is the main reason I feel safer here with my kids versus other large festivals like Taste of Chicago and others.There are two stages and with yesterday's 100 degree temps it wasn't too difficult to choose the south stage with the shade way in the back.  We loved the 9 hours of awesome blues performers even though we had to watch them on the screen because of the distance.  We missed Styx at the other stage but by the time the sun went down it was too full over there and our stage was awesome anyway!It was nice being near the kid's stuff.  Bouncy houses, petting zoo, kiddie shows, playground.  All free with entry.  We don't waste our money on the Carnival rides.  We save our money for food.As for the ribs.  Porky and Beans closely followed by I Love Fat Guys are our favorites this year.  But I can't say I ate any I didn't like.  Of course the kids love the Dippin Dots.  This place is also very clean and friendly which is a huge bonus that you rarely get at these things!  I think almost everyone is a volunteer and I often wonder if participation is a requirement for residency there are soo many volunteers.  All with smiling faces.  We plan our Fourth of July Holiday celebrations around this festival every year and will continue to do so for many more to come.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,7/11/2011,204,392,7,5,5>Self Serve Froyo+Mid Day Stomach Grumble = Major Destruction.The bell from the front entrance dings as you walk in, nobody is standing behind the counter and all of the sudden you freeze in your tracks as you see many...aka UH OH flavors of froyo in a help yourself line that is set up for some serious devouring. You're doomed before you can reach for the cup.YoGo Station is a standard self serve pitstop that is compact but filled with everything you could possibly need to fill the void of a cool snack. From flavors like original tart to glorious newbies orange or mango there's bound to be something for all of the kiddies.The topping selections are, I don't want to say lacking as there is pretty much everything any other froyo stop would have like nuts, chocolate, mochi or even fresh fruit. But for some unknown reason I was craving the Fruity Pebbles. This craving does not succumb this lady in blue and when I didn't see it I dove into the mochi and snickered off. The texture is in tact, the froyo isn't icy and drab where so many other places go wrong. It's light, airy and just the right flavoring. I stuck it out with original because I'm flashy like that. Note to self: There is a reason it's called self serve....Go with Caution. A slip with the wrist and dip with the hip can cause you to whip out a little extra dough. Yield the yellow tape and pull the tab down slowly.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/10/2011,50,130,4,10,4>Why did it take us so long to try this BBQ spot? After being so turned off by the Comfort Zone in downtown A-town, I think we may have been afraid to venture back into BBQ territory, plus I'd heard Vic and Rick's made you sit at picnic tables to eat - I wasn't interested. However my wise husband persuaded me to give it a try, and I am so glad we did. Yes, there are picnic tables, but they're hand made, and actually comfortable and cute. The service was friendly and attentive, without being overbearing and annoying. I had a hard time deciding between all the menu choices, but we settled on brisket, ribs, and BBQ chicken. Wowza, the portions are huge, and the two sides just put it over the top, thankfully I ordered the fries which are fresh cut - nothing makes me happier!  We could taste the quality and care put into everything we ate, it's all home made and cooked to perfection.After chatting with the servers and Vic, it's clear this is a place we want to support. Local ingredients, from scratch cooking and competitive prices make Vic and Rick's a regular on our rotation. Give this place a shot, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,7/9/2011,255,326,4,6,5>Believe it or not, this golf course and the nearby walking/bike path is a great place to bird watch. Yes, yes, I know it's a mini golf course run by the park district. I do come here to mini golf, and I do appreciate that the park district is resurfacing some of the greens with new "grass." Nevertheless, the real reason I mini golf here and not someplace else, besides the close-to-home location, is the birds.I've spotted swallows, swifts, ducks, geese, two species of heron, a cormorant, an egret, cardinals, crows, red-winged blackbirds, song sparrows, hawks, and even some of the feral Quaker parrots usually seen in Hyde Park and Addison. There are the usual colorful finches and chickadees often seen in these parts, plus the occasional harder-to-spot migrant species. There are always baby ducks and geese at the right time of year, and the swallows will skim the water all around you as you place your ball and prepare to calculate your number of strokes over par.I don't recommend the concessions here, because half they time they're gross and not even the right temperature. I recommend coming here to become infuriated by a tiny plastic ball, see some wildlife, take a walk, and hit the batting cages. Bring your sunscreen and sit out on the picnic tables by the water so you can watch the birds and fish while you sip a beverage. It's a great summertime afternoon activity.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,7/8/2011,29,60,10,14,6>I'm writing this review while still in my sweet hotel-stay induced happiness coma so will try my best to recount important details. I can't even explain how incredibly bummed I felt when I returned back home this morning. Normally, everyone loves the feeling of laying in their very own bed after an evening spent somewhere else, but I actually found myself missing the comfortable king size bed I slept in last night.First off, I love how beautifully the hotel lobby is decorated. The winding flight of stairs through the middle of the room is gorgeous and gives the hotel a very elegant look from the moment you walk in and scan the scenery. The small bar located at the furthest end of the room (past Atwater, the hotel restaurant) is a nice place to unwind before going to bed. It wasn't incredibly packed around 11pm (a big relief) and ended up being a comfortable place to hang out for a bit. I must say I was surprised that two drinks cost us 20 dollars, though. Also, another perk was the super sweet concierge and desk staff. The concierge was very polite and helpful as soon as we checked in. He dropped us off at our restaurant and promptly picked us up when we called for a ride despite the hotel seeming pretty busy yesterday evening. Our room was very nice and particularly spacious. The "river front premier" suite included a balcony overlooking the fox river which was very serene this time of year and extremely romantic. It looked amazing and I really wish I'd brought some warmer gear so we could spend some more time outside. I also enjoyed the very large bathroom mainly for the huge tub, which I relaxed in until my little piggies started wrinkling like prunes.The turn down service adds a nice touch with milk and cookies left on the counter. The flat screen tv was placed next to the bed in a convenient viewing location although we didn't watch much tv. The continental breakfast includes various pastries, granola, meats & cheeses, sliced fruit, etc. They definitely step it up from the stereotypical crappy "cereal and bagels" fare where some hotels think it's acceptable to skimp. There's one big reason I'm only giving the Herrington four stars as well as a tiny criticism which I'd like to address. The small annoyance was I noticed that the ceiling had a few loose pieces of plaster that seemed to be flaking off... obviously, I didn't see this until the morning. It wasn't a huge deal but I'd suggest they smooth it out because tiny flaws can really ruin a great room. The gigantic blunder was when my bf was looking for a lost article of clothing and started searching under the comforter, between the end of the mattress and bedpost, and finally under the bed and to his (and my) dismay, found a pair of underwear... which were not mine. So gross. Overall, I would love to return to this hotel sometime in the future despite the minor concerns. This was the best Valentine's Day I've ever had and I believe a lot of credit is due to the Herrington. I feel spoiled after our relaxing stay and worry I'll be turning into one of the hotel brats who expects near perfection wherever they go... it's nothing but the best for me from here on out!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,7/7/2011,63,167,2,6,2>The Elgin Public House does not make their own beer, but their website promised a good selection of bottled beer and scotch along with better than average pub grub.As is usual for me, I visited this establishment on a Saturday afternoon. I parked across the street in a free parking garage.As we walked in it was pretty empty and we had our choice of seating. We chose to sit at a table in the small bar area. The decor was just what we like with a minimum amount of TVs and plenty of dark wood. Nothing too fancy. There was music playing at a reasonable volume that still allowed us to converse.The bartender/waiter arrived promptly with menus. I started with an Aberlour scotch on the rocks and my wife had a Victory Golden Monkey.The beer was served ice cold, but that can be resolved with a little waiting. The scotch was a new find for me and it was delicious.After our first drink, we ordered food. The bucket of bones (ribs) was tasty. The "filet" steak sandwich was a little tough, but tasty. Both meals were served in small buckets. I wasn't particularly fond of this presentation.Another round of beers and we were feeling full and happy.Overall I enjoyed the Elgin Public House and I will definitely be back.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,7/6/2011,288,304,18,14,20>Holy smokes! I cannot believe I forgot to write a review of this fine establishment...and what a very fine place this is indeed! Stepping into the GG I was brought back to my youth. This place is great and what's even better? You can play any game you want as many times as you want! Score! The only thing that would make GG better? Pinball! Lemme break it down for you. You pay a one time fee of 15 smackaroos and then BOOM! UNLIMITED GAME TIME! I'm not sure how long I played Tetris. I still rocked it and I'm pretty damn proud. I also got reunited with Q-Bert, Frogger, Ms. Pacman, Star Wars, Commando and I'm not sure what else b/c I spent 6 hours straight in this place. Once my eyes started to glaze over...I knew it was time to go. GG allows re-entry if you leave...just hold on to your receipt. This is nice if you want to go take a break and grab a bite to eat or a drink. Not to worry though...GG has a bevy of caffeinated soft drinks to keep your trigger finger going as well some sugary snacks to add to your sugar buzzzzz. Lastly, if you are girl...you pretty much have your pick of nerdy boy heaven up in this place. I'm certain that my future husband is waiting for me at GG. Proposal in front of the Tetris with a lollipop ring? I do!
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,7/5/2011,98,71,4,7,5>This is the place to go for strange silly gifts.  I know that you were recently thinking...."Where can I purchase fart bombs, fake poop and a greeting card?"  Here is your place.  Things I have purchased for myself or other people at this store include (but are not limited to): Old fashion wind ups, a remake of an old school Robot toy, a slingshot that shoots little plastic babies, Obama action figure, super cool magnet sets for children, sticky notes/magnets/patches/stickers/notepads with ridiculously funny and inappropriate sayings and pictures, crazy books, old school toys, fart bombs...and so much more.  They have really good greeting cards here if you are looking for a sarcastic alternative to Hallmark.    It is always overcrowded with too many people but you can't leave without buying some kind of joke for one of your friends or family.   The guy who owns the place is very friendly and his staff is too.  They probably look a little 'alternative' to an uptight person...but I have always thought they were helpful and competent.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,7/4/2011,364,363,5,9,6>I once believed that the two words "honest mechanic" together compromise the most sneered at oxymoron known to mankind. I also once believed that a company providing excellent customer service was something that a consumer's dreams were made of. Enter Nofsinger's, forever changing my opinion of both. So Old Blue needed brakes and a tune-up and trying to find a repair shop to kindly tend to her without gouging my checkbook was quickly approaching something close to torture. I must admit that the whole business was so unpleasant that I put off the repairs much longer than I should have, until I couldn't any longer for fear that the brakes would fail Girlspawn on her way home from work and her ghost would haunt me eternally. I didn't want her last words to be, "Thanks Mom, for being a cheapskate," so I begrudgingly set to the task of getting it done. Forever the cheapskate though, I scoured the local ads and my trusty annual coupon book for deals. Unsatisfied, I almost gave in to "the devil you know thanks to advertising" and almost settled on a chain repair shop. That is, until my instincts told me to check Yelp, and low and behold, there was the chain shop with a lousy star and a half. Yeah... scrap that. Girlspawn is worth a lot more than a star and a half.Sorting the local shops according to review, there was Nofsinger's staring me right in the face. I was rendered speechless by all the 5 star reviews. Wait a minute, this is a repair shop. Who the heck gives a repair shop 5 stars? Repeatedly? What the heck was wrong with my eyesight? Nervous and skeptical, I made the call. The rest is history. Nofsinger's exceeded my expectations in every way possible. From start to finish, something I once viewed even more unpleasant than getting a root canal now stands out as one of my most amazing consumer experiences ever. And really, all I did was make a call. Old Blue was in and out in 4 hours. She was cleaner than she probably has been in 5 years. She didn't make me cry when the bill was paid. Old Blue is now happy, Girlspawn is safe, and I have new-found admiration and respect in an era of customer DISsatisfaction.Yes, they clean your car inside and out.  Yes, they drop you off and pick you up. Yes, they talk to you like real people. Yes, they are honest and fair. Yes, this was real life and not a crazy dream.99.9% of businesses out there really need to take a lesson from Nofsinger's, because THIS business knows how it's done.**EDITED TO ADD** Way to go, RJ in Oak Park. Your unrealistic expectations aren't their fault, and your crappy review should hopefully stand out as the aberration that it is.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/3/2011,144,184,6,12,5>I had an Angel watching over me--literally--really I did--the owner of this fantastic business is Angel!  This place was definitely off the beaten path--which is probably why I've passed it so many times not even knowing that it was there---it's in a commercialized house just across from the Dupage Children's Museum, near the metra station. Parking is in the back of the house.I've had ladyscaping waxes before--and this was by far the most relaxing. Angel is very personable and makes you feel at ease for something that you know is just gonna hurt, even after popping a few advil.  I was happy that she didn't make me hold any yoga poses to get at the not so easy places.  I like that she uses the electromagnetic wand light thingy after the waxing was completed---say no to ingrown hairs!  After discussing the other services she does--I was pointing out to her this one stubborn blackhead that I had and she was kind enough to relieve me of my painful irritation.  I can't wait to go back and get a facial---my stressed out face needs it!Pricing was very reasonable. So happy to have found this place.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,7/2/2011,156,439,3,5,4>I discovered this place on the show, Check, Please on PBS. The first time I went was a weekend night and had a long wait (we should have made reservations) but it was worth the wait! People are friendly and work busy, which I don't mind, I personally don't like to be come up to a lot while enjoying my meal. They have a unique menu which serves traditional dishes and the owner of the restaurant put in his special menu which are the dishes his mom made for him. This restaurant serves authentic meals-more than just your basic burrito's, beans, and taco's. This place is beautiful decorated- absolutely love the ambiance. Everything on the menu looks delicious but here's what I've ordered:-Guacamole (They make it in front of you and ask you what you want in it) Warning-it's an appetizer filler. -Enchiladas Combinadas (3 enchilades, one w/ Chicken, one w/ Beef and Potato, one w/ cheese & mole)-Enchiladas de Manzana (Amazing dessert- Scarfed this down fast!)Entree's are definitely friendly to share! And if you celebrate your birthday here, you can get a Sombrero!Arlington Heights downtown is a pretty area. It's not very big, but I do enjoy taking strolls here. It's not overly crowded and there is a parking garage not to far of a walk from the restaurant! Movie theater and train station is close by too.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,7/1/2011,34,191,7,9,6>I live in Oak Park and haven't had any trouble finding decent enough food of most varieties in the vicinity (with some exceptions - I'm looking at YOU Ethiopian) but the most positive thing about most of them is that they are conveniently close to home.  SaiGon Pho and Cafe is an exception in the best sense.  Being vegan, I was so glad to see that most of the items on the relatively simple, small menu are vegan-friendly.  My husband got the Bahn Mi and I got the veggie noodle bowl (no fish sauce).  We also both got non-dairy boba drinks (chocolate and taro).  I absolutely loved my noodle dish. It had a lot of flavor and the tofu was done very well.  The boba drinks were also very good.The service was super friendly and one of the waiters was actually vegan and made some suggestions for us.  I'll be back for the noodle bowl and the casual, family friendly environment. If I were to make one suggestion - and I will next time I'm there - it would be to include lemongrass into their menu. There is nothing more delicious than lemongrass with tofu!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,6/30/2011,49,47,5,6,5>This place has very good food.  You wouldn't think so from the outside.  It's in Warrenville on Rt. 59 in an old dilapidated strip mall.  The only other business in the strip mall is a tobacco shop.  I have stopped by this joint on many occasions, mostly on my way to work.  Great chips and salsa.  They are more authentic Mexican style than your Tex-Mex joints.  Great home made tamales and tacos.  The menu is very large and they also have very good gorditas. You can also order tacos de carbeza!  That's cows head meat for those not in the know.  This type of taco is very tender and considered top notch eating.  The chili relleno is another awesome dish at this joint and done very well.  If your in the area stop into this family run restaurant, the flavors are authentic and the prices can't be beat.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,6/29/2011,118,202,7,7,6>Two Brothers spiced things up a bit this year with the addition of Hop Juice Black - a slightly meaner cousin to an already strong but well balanced beer.  The balance in flavor helps hop juice from being feared by those who like a lighter beer but still provides plenty of punch to those who prefer something a bit heavier.This celebration is all about these beers and their release into the wild for the masses to consume.  It also features the rest of the Two Brothers beer line-up, some great Two Brothers food (love the fish tacos!) and guest beers from other breweries like Lagunitas.On that topic, if you really want a guest beer get a lay of the land - there is a limited quantity of brew and there are 2 lines in a close area.  I missed the Lagunitas Barrel Aged Imperial but I did get my hands on another guest brew later.The lines were a bit long this year, but nothing I wouldn't expect out of any similar event.  With any kind of planning you can pick up food / beer tickets when you buy your take-home beer and avoid the other line all-together.  Food lines were long earlier in the day but there was no wait later in the evening.  Some of the day the Hop Juice lines were non-existent, and other times there was a decent wait.  Things averaged out to be as-expected, but I wonder if there isn't some way to improve on it a bit for next year.In any case, the juice was loose and the crowd was great.  It's good seeing people you know and meeting new ones while enjoying fresh, delicious, libations from a great brewer.  Overall I had a great time and I'll be back again next year!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,6/28/2011,83,122,7,14,9>I have a new suburban go-to! Really, I can't wait to go back so I can try more items off the menu. First and foremost, I'll agree with another reviewer's husband who dubbed the food more American than "family style European." I have no idea where that description came from but it wasn't the portion size or the menu selection. Anyway, on to the good stuff. We had a 7:30 p.m. reservation for two and arrived at 7:35. The Praga dining room was full so we were seated at a table along the back wall in Bonton, the adjoining wine bar. I preferred the quieter lounge atmosphere and space of Bonton so that was serendipitous. We were greeted promptly by our fabulous server, Pavel T. He was friendly and enthusiastic about the food in a way that wasn't annoying but rather, contagious. The free bread was of 2-star quality. No flavor and cold. The olive oil was okay but rather plain. No shaved cheese, no anything. Pavel brought our wine and calamari appetizer quickly. The wine list was, as everyone mentions, extensive. The calamari was a perfect portion for an appetizer for two. It came with a salsa-like dipping sauce we both enjoyed. Flavorful but not spicy. Our entrees arrived just as we finished the calamari. I ordered chicken stuffed with sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese in a Marsala sauce, which came with mashed potatoes. YUM. I practically licked my plate. The sauce was delicious and the chicken was cooked to perfection. My husband had the filet mignon in a mushroom sauce on fingerling potatoes with spinach. He liked his best, I liked mine best. Both were delicious. We topped it all off with the bread pudding. I really hate bread pudding but liked Praga's enough to try several bites. It came with homemade whipped cream and fresh berries. My husband was in love. For two glasses of wine, calamari, filet mignon, stuffed chicken, and dessert our bill totaled $80. Great price, great service, great meal. We'll be back.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,6/27/2011,27,158,7,13,8>I absolutely am in LOVE with this farmer's market.  Every Saturday I head here super early and gobble up plenty of fresh fruits and veggies to last me all week.I've gotten amazing strawberries, peaches, blueberries, raspberries, watermelon.... and everything is ripe, locally grown, and delicious.  The blueberries are some of the best I've ever had.  There is every veggie imaginable, and it's been fun creating new meals out of all the local, fresh produce.  Plus, I can easily fill up a bag with about $7.00 worth of veggies.  Sweet, huh?And to those peeps who say "it's overpriced blah blah blah" .... Fine.  Leave the goodness for me.    Go to Wal-mart or Jewel and buy pesticide ridden, crappily imitated fruits and veggies that are shipped from three countries away.  Don't support farmers whose livelihood depends on their local neighbors.  Go ahead and keep on supporting factory farms that are ruining our environment... Ignorance is bliss.But hey, I do understand some of the stuff is pricey.  But you DO get what you pay for.  I paid $5 for a carton of strawberries and they were the sweetest, ripest, yummiest berries... which we devoured in a day.  THAT GOOD.  Was it worth the money? Hell yes.  And next week I went back for more and they were already out of season.  (tear tear)  I moped for at least an hour.  And then bought ripe, wonderfully juicy peaches instead.  I love it.  It's in a wonderfully quaint area downtown, and there are coffee and tea shops all around- plus, the people watching is always a good time.  A fun way to start the weekend.  There are plenty of other stands to peruse- everything from  flowers, pies, and jewelry to meat and salsas and more. Definitely worth the stop at least once.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,6/26/2011,127,193,10,6,6>Halt!  Dost thou possess an appetite fit for a king?Hast thou the courage and nobility to travel to the Ellyn of Glen?Then travel ye to "Sir" Alfie's Inn, and bask in the bounties of very family friendly-priced sandwiches, dinner baskets and Domaine DuPage from Two Brothers.  Seriously, when in medieval suburbia, drink local.According to a local historian (aka, my mother), medieval-themed jaunts used to be all the rage back in the day.  This one has remained since 1967, and it's easy to see why.  Delicious sandwiches (I had the Down Under Chicken, with no-nonsense cheddar and bacon, on a kaiser bun), and cold beer would've won Sir Gawain's approval, along with the dark, secretive atmosphere.  Seriously, there's a wooden sign on the front door that remains warning against cigar and pipe smoking, and still one in the dining room proudly designating the No Smoking section.  Throwbacks aplenty with the large booths and the two cozy fireplaces indoors.As Fair Lady Rachel J. noted, not a lot of frilly service, but it is good all-around.  I tried the length of our meal to manage a smile out of our server, but to little avail, A barrage of pleases and thank-yous finally made some headway.  Next time, maybe I'll put some extra shine on my armor.So, fair knight, whenst thou desires refreshment at the roundtable, embark on a crusade to Alfie's and indulge to thy heart's content.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,6/25/2011,280,274,9,8,8>God bless Valli Produce!It's been 15 years since I lived in the Bronx.So, I have been craving an Italian Combo like fish crave water.The deli at Valli Produce is sick.I made an Italian Combo fit for Good Fellas:Imported SoppressataProsciutto di ParmaSan Daniele MortadellaVolpi Genoa SalamiCappicola ProvoloneFresh Italian BreadShredded Iceberg LettuceExtra Virgin Olive OilRed Wine VinegarSalt & PepperHonestly, the deli at Valli is awesome. There are so many Italian focused ingredients that I feel like I'm back in the Bronx.There is a great selection of cheeses and Hungarian and Polish charcuterie. There is also an amazing produce section and a pretty solid Mexican grocery as well. I can get the small corn tortillas taco stands use. There is also a house made Chorizo.Overall, I would do all my shopping here if I lived closer.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,6/24/2011,298,465,9,10,10>Now.this.is.ice.cream.  We stopped in here with the boys one afternoon after taking them to this bomb ass nearby park.  Yeah...it's that cool!  Mmmmkkk?!?!  Anyways...this is the cutest little ice cream shop located right in the heart of gorgeous downtown Wheaton.  They have a bunch of flavors of homemade ice cream and a bunch of toppings if that's the kind of thing you like.  We got two scoops in a cup, chocolate chip cookie dough and peanut butter chocolate, for the four of us to share.  And let me just say...that was A LOT of ice cream!  That ice cream was on point!  It was so creamy, luscious (yes...I went there) and delicious!  The base of the cookie dough almost tasted like butter pecan minus the pecans, SO good!  And the chocolate peanut butter was sweet and salty perfection!  If you have never been here...run, don't walk to get you a scoop of frozen perfection! =]]
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,6/23/2011,123,413,4,5,5>Awesome does not even begin to describe this place. Just by chance, I saw one of the employees was in the window filling up bags of caramel corn. In a candy mood, I made a beeline inside. I love the old timey feel of the place. As soon as you walk in, there are chocolate covered creations to greet you. They have homemade fudge, jars of gummies and jelly beans in every flavor imaginable and the old stand by candies like Reese's and Snickers lining the shelves. Plus there's a lot of the old "vintage" type candies (taboo candy cigarettes, anyone?) in stock as well. It's almost a sugary sensory overload to walk in. I decided to grab a bag of the caramel corn and peanut butter Snickers. The caramel corn was outstanding! I can honestly say I have never had caramel corn that good. It was so buttery and yummy. It definitely beats the pants off the so called "best popcorn in the world" Garrett's in Chicago. I'll take Naper Nuts & Sweets any day. The staff here was exceptionally nice and helpful. Something you don't see everyday. I'm happy I found this little gem in Naperville. I know when I get a candy fix, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,6/22/2011,171,190,5,6,6>I wish I didn't wait so long to go here.  Finally went last night, and it was only because our first two choices, Wildfire and Reel Club, were packed with an hour and a half wait.  MAG didn't have a wait, we were able to get a table in the lounge up front as soon as we walked in.I had been wanting to try skate wing for a while, so I finally had it last night.  Delicious!  If you like milder fish like tilapia, you would probably enjoy skate wing.  It has a bit more flavor than tilapia, and has a very unique flaking.  There are lines in the wing, like little strips of meat, that pull away from the fish.Aside from that, my brother had a filet that had an incredible wine sauce on it, it was amazing.  I'm not sure if it was just the steak or the sauce, or both, but it tasted great.  My dad had the hanger steak which was also very tasty - I may have to go with one of the steaks next time!Our server was awesome, she made many recommendations.  One was adding bleu cheese to the salad with the poached egg (which, btw, was very good).  She didn't even ask us if we wanted it, she just brought a side of the cheese in case we wanted it.  And it was good!  I never got her name, but she really was a great server.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,6/21/2011,60,239,10,10,10>'My sub runneth over!'Yes, the meat was literally popping out of the sides of my Italian sandwich.  I was in sub heaven.  The sumptuous meat and cheese was complimented by a few pieces of lettuce and tomatoes and topped with Mario's Italian dressing on a very fresh sesame roll.  The only thing missing was a few thin slices of onion.  My wife ordered the veggie and a small cup of fruit salad and was quite happy.  Yes, vegetarians, between the veggie sandwich, eggplant paninni, and pasta dishes you have many options. The only thing that I won't do next time is order the 10" sub.  I guess I'm just not man enough!  This was the first time in a long while that I haven't been able to finish a sub.Next stop at Marios will require ordering one of their beautiful looking pasta dishes.  I think I'll plan an evening visit to Marios for dinner and wash it down with a couple of Two Brothers pints from my favorite bar next door, Bigby's.  Yeah, that's the ticket...
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,6/20/2011,213,305,8,8,9>I was pleasantly surprised by Hollywood Palms!It's not that I came in with really low expectations or anything, it's just that I had heard mixed reviews of the whole dinner-and-a-movie experience and I wanted to check it out for myself.  I loved the tropical lobby decor, which managed to be both over-the-top and executed really well (the two don't usually go together, in my experience).  My boyfriend and I were seeing an evening screening of "Paranormal Activity 2" the day before Halloween.  We weren't sure what to expect in the way of crowds so we arrived early and enjoyed a drink at the bar.  The bartender was friendly, and was dressed up for Halloween as Howie Mandel's character in "Little Monsters" (remember that movie??) - again, totally over-the-top, but executed really well.  Also, alcohol in a movie theatre.  This needs to become a thing.When we got situated in the theatre, I remarked to my boyfriend that I really didn't expect the food to be all that good.  I should have eaten my words, because my Beverly Hills Salad was freaking delicious.  And huge.  This thing was an Elaine Benis-approved Big Salad for sure: mixed greens piled high and topped with grilled chicken, corn, olives, diced tomato, green onion, bleu cheese, bacon, and tortilla strips.  I want it right now.  I don't even remember what my boyfriend had (some kind of sandwich, whatevs) because I was so enamored of my Big Salad.  GET IT.The service was pretty low-key, which is good; I don't want to be constantly interrupted during the movie to be asked if I want a refill, etc.  All in all, we had a good time, and didn't end up spending a ton of money or anything.  Hollywood Palms won't ever replace the typical popcorn-and-a-drink movie theatre experience, but it's definitely a nice change of pace once and awhile.Oh, and I have something to say to the family who was sitting in front of me:I'm sorry I kept gasping in fear during the movie.  I really, really tried to contain myself, I swear.  Also, if I screamed at that one part - and I'm pretty sure i did - and then again at that other part - I'm sorry for that, too.  "Paranormal Activity 2," y'all!  That jumpy shit gets me every time.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,6/19/2011,771,552,5,6,6>Stopped in here for a quick bite and some drinks. We started off with Blue Moons (DUH), then ordered half an order of chicken nachos and the chicken fingers. What do you call cheese that's not yours?.....Na-Cho Cheese! lol Yea, I like my jokes cheesy. Just like these nachos were: Cheesy, stringy, flavorful and HUGE! They made sure every piece of chip had something on it. The chicken fingers (if you haven't hurrd) have some kind of tempura batter and they are delicious!! We tried them with Ranch, Their Top Secret Honey Mustard and their "Hot Stuff" sauce, which to me was too strong of a flavor, not even hot, just too much chili powder or something. The honey mustard though, DAMN! haha it was so good. Anyways, the chicken fingers are dangerous, you could keep on eating and eating. Not good for those waistlines ladies, but I would definetly save points or calories, and check them out.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,6/18/2011,107,399,7,16,10>I'm not a huge fan of Korean food. But this is not really because I don't enjoy Korean style cooking but more that I haven't been very impressed with most Korean restaurants I've visited around the US and Canada.With that said, Ttowa is changing my attitude towards Korean cooking. If you plan to eat here you should make sure you're pretty hungry first because it's pretty much impossible to leave here without being very full. Some people complain about the price on these reviews but keep in mind that expensive Korean food is still around $9 to $14 a person unless you get the more expensive items. This isn't really that different from the price of going to Panera and cheaper than a lot of the nearby restaurants. Considering that you're getting high quality, freshly made, time consuming dishes I'd consider the price charged here to be very fair. The menu may look a little limited at the moment but the owner plans to add items to the menu in the near future.Every meal comes with the standard Korean appetizers (I got between 4 and 5). Scallion pancake, mung bean salad, kimchi, spicy broccoli, and bean sprout salad.The traditional (pork and beef), shrimp, and grilled chicken mandoo are excellent here. It's not easy to find freshly made dumplings around Chicago, especially in the suburbs. These are made daily with a nice thin skin. I prefer them pan fried but they are delicious steamed and boiled as well (I had to try them all in 1 day, they were really that good).Dduk mandoo kuk is a rice cake dumpling soup. It's made from bone marrow stock that's been prepared over days and is quite tasty without being overly salty. It's a great way to enjoy the dumplings in a broth but more importantly eat the deliciously chewy rice cake that's also used in Chinese cuisine. They generously provide plenty of rice cake in the broth so you have plenty to enjoy.The jeon bok juk is an abalone porridge that contains black sesame, broccoli, pine nuts, shitake mushroom, and fresh abalone. It's a bit different from the Chinese style congee although not that different from the more grainy Taiwanese multigrain porridge. It has a nice flavor and consistency to it.The hae mul pajeon is a guilty pleasure of mine. You will find something similar in Vietnamese restaurants. Basically you take shrimp, squid, and scallion and put it in a mix of flour, eggs, rice flour, and green onions. The result is a very delicious almost like Asian seafood pancake/crepe/pizza. It's kind of hard to describe but it's crispy and delicious. This is one item you must try in addition to the dumplings if you plan to visit.The chap chae noodles are also good and not very spicy like some of the other local restaurants. The pork belly is another nice dish which is a tad spicy but goes great with rice.You finish the meal off with a nice cold yogurt drink and candy.Don't worry if you do not speak Korean, the waiters/waitresses speak perfect English and are knowledgeable about the food. This place is kind of tucked away at the end of the street but is likely to become a local secret (like Sushi Para) once more people find out about the excellent food here.I can't wait to try their expanded menu when it comes out.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,6/17/2011,261,335,6,7,7>Well, well, well; what have we here? A little bistro with elegant food, wine, and desserts so decadent that you feel like a Buddha when you leave. If you're on a date, come here. If you're making up after a fight, come here. If you're trying to impress a client, come here. If you just want a quiet and interesting meal where you and your significant other can simply reconnect, come here. That's what we did tonight and we weren't sorry. This is not a particularly fancy place. But I think it's the entire package that gives it panache. On Tuesday, you bring your own bottle. As to the food, please remove your calorie counters from your computer area, close your eyes, and get into this food! We each had an opener: a mushroom risotto with cilantro, scallops and a warm lime butter (drool); the other was spring rolls with a super sweet lobster. Both were great. We nixed the salad and evilly plotted a shared dessert. There are nightly specials here, but they have a pretty nice standard offering too. I loved the 'am I seeing red hot' seared scallops that came with a sweet corn and yam hash and grilled fennel. My guy had pork that glazed with Bourbon and with a melted cheese pot and swiss chard. Okay, right about then, we were groaning inaudibly. It's not that we downed both dinners, but the food was great enough to savor it nice and slow. Thank God, the coffee came-eth. We nibbled on dessert: blueberry bread pudding; with whipped creme, a little bit of fresh coconut, and pineapple. I'm surprised the suspension in the car didn't give way when we got in. But we have a super care package for tomorrow. This was out first time here; it was lovely and mellow. Our waiter was most excellent. Isn't it also lovely that there are Tread-climbers for nights such as this!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,6/16/2011,63,55,10,8,7>When I die, I'll know I'm in heaven if it looks and smells like Anna Shea Chocolates.I stumbled across Anna Shea by accident one day, when I was looking for a place I'd heard carried Foiled Cupcakes in a store.  Which - side note - they do, if you want a delicious Foiled Cupcake and aren't in their delivery area. My quest for cupcakes came to a full stop, however, when I saw the woman in front of me at the counter getting a cup of fabulous smelling coffee and a plate with two beautiful bon bons.  Now, historically, I am a straight-chocolate-don't-need-any-of-your-fancy-­stuff sweets aficionado, but when I went over to the counter to look at the bon bon selection, my mouth hung open aghast.  The variety of beautiful little chocolates, truffles and bon bons are laid out on a marble slab, organized by season, type, and filling.  Each one is a beauty to behold before you even taste them, shimmering with color and shine and yes, on some, even a glitter.  I immediately succumbed and bought a box of 9.  Yes, they are a bit pricey ($25 for 9 bon bons) but hey, I'm all about quality, not quantity.  And these little gems deliver.  I ate one a day and it was the happiest 9 evenings I've had in quite some time (unless my family is reading, in which case, the time I spent with you was equal in enjoyment).  They have a selection of "standard" bon bons that are available year round, and augment that with seasonal treats around holidays and, well, the seasons.  The lounge itself is cute, if not overly girly, and there were mothers with daughters sharing pots of hot chocolate as a special treat.  I plan on bringing my daughter there for a special afternoon soon.  If you have a craving for chocolate, buy a Hershey bar.  But if you worship chocolate and covet it for its powers to smooth over all  your rough edges, treat yourself and have a bon bon at Anna  Shea.  If your mood doesn't improve, you're probably dead.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,6/15/2011,20,44,10,6,5>I don't like Chinese food.  I don't.  A strange way to start a review I know. I've never gone of my own volition, it's always been my better half's idea to get Chinese food.  Crab Rangoon.  Oh My Batman they are SOOOO good.Food has always been really good.  I don't know what I order, I can't remember names of dishes.  I just look for a beef or chicken dish, look if it's spicy, and pick one at random.  Thus far it's all been fantastic.The dining room is cozy, and seats parties of 2-12 very easily.  Wait staff never left me wanting for drink, and they offer carryout.  Prices are good, portions are huge, I have absolutely no complaints.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,6/14/2011,176,176,4,13,7>First time I went to Laugh Out Loud, I was with a group of friends celebrating a birthday. Someone from our group called in our reservation and mentioned the birthday. So when we arrived, one of the improv sets included our birthday girl up on stage telling about her day. The improv team then performed a reenactment of what her day may have looked like. It was hilarious and pretty accurate.Second time I went to LOL, I was with a group of friends celebrating a birthday. See a pattern here? The audience this time had a "party bus" of people also celebrating a birthday. So, I'd say that this is the perfect venue for birthday celebrations and group outings.Sunday night after the 9:30 PM show they have an open mic improv for audience members to come up onstage to do the same kind of show just performed. Here's where budding comedians and anyone interested can volunteer to be part of the sets.LOL is good for a laugh and great with a group. Gets kind of noisy back by the concessions area, so I'd try to get to the venue early for seating closer to the stage. Oh, and when I "checked in" to the location on Yelp (on my smart phone) a coupon for free popcorn popped up (pardon the pun). Took my phone over to concessions, showed the coupon to the server and was good to go. The coupon has a timed countdown expiration, so don't click on it until you are ready to use it.They also offer improv classes and will perform for company events.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,6/13/2011,58,156,4,5,5>I don't think I have ever had a bad meal at Cooper's Hawk.  And that encompasses 5 times or so being there.  While they are known for their wines, don't let that stop you from ordering a mixed drink, the bartenders are skilled and can make anything from a dirty martini to a fantastic mojitto.The food, meats are always cooked as requested, and actually the prices are very reasonable for what you get. The lobster bisque is one of the best in the area (I've only had better in the East coast and it was marginally better - could have been purely psychological to be honest).  One of my favorite entrées is Aunt Lynns Asain Pork Chops that come with baby bock Choi and brown fried rice - YUM!  A good desert is the key-lime pie, it has a amazing crust too!If you go a reservation will spare you from waiting a few hours at the bar, which might not be a bad thing, just depends on how thirsty/hungry you are...
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,6/12/2011,122,412,2,10,6>Handpainted wall murals, antique gilded mirrors, no receptionist, and Bob Marley on the tunes - this funky little salon is exactly what I have been looking for.I wanted to really jazz up my haircolor as well as find a haircut that would lay better.  After reading all the reviews on Yelp, I decided that Salon Ruelle, and Shannon, would be the perfect fit.  And she did a fabulous job.  She consulted with me for about fifteen minutes, truly listening and trying to understand what I exactly wanted.  The color, which is a brilliant power red with chunks of highlights, came out better than expected.  My cut is fabulous - she took a long time to clear some of the bulk that was dragging it down.  She also gave me step by step styling techniques as well.And she took about 3 hours to do my hair - the price was phenomenal for the time and care she took.Love this place, love the laid back feeling. It's definitely not your typical suburban place -it's not the place to be if you want posh and pretentious surroundings.  It's hip, laid back, and eclectic.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,6/11/2011,294,135,10,10,9>Pan pizza + almost every ingredient they have to offer = Best Pizza EVER!!!That's right. I like my pizza loaded--FULLY LOADED.Everytime my best friend and I come to Pal Joey's the usual reaction to our order is "Whoa! You weren't kidding when you said you were going all out!" I can picture the cooks in the back saying "Aww man... these guys again!?!? They're gonna use up all our ingredients!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"Anyway, the pan pizza here is no joke. Golden brown crust and fresh ingredients brought together & cooked to perfection for what wil most likely lead to sensory overload for your tastebuds and then a food coma.I don't mess with the thin crust pizza because if I'm gonna destroy my body with deliciousness, then, I'm going all out & ordering the thickest pan pizza with the works. My best friend & I split a large pizza--the perfect size to feel like your eating like a king & have a slice or two left over for lunch the next day or later that night if you can't wait!OK. Enough of all this pizza talk. If I continue, I may have to go back & destroy my body with more deliciousness!Pal Joeys is a nice restaurant with a full bar, it can get loud if the place is packed like it is on the weekends, but when I was there it was a Monday so it was pretty chill. So if you wanna be able to talk I suggest going during the week. If you're as loud as my friends and family are, then, you might wanna come and practice your vocal projection over dinner during the weekend.The service is fast, friendly, and attentive--our server never let our glasses of water go empty. We didn't have to wait long for our appetizers, but that's because we only simple stuff--fried calimari and mozzarella sticks. There's a lot more to choose from on the menu, but I always get the pizza, however, one non-pizza item that I highly recommend is the Beggars Purse--you don't need to know what it is or what's in it, all you need to know is that it's delicious, so, GET IT!Overall, Pal Joey's is pretty damn good and it gets the official Mr Beautiful stamp of approval. I'd give it a 4.5, but I can't, so, I'll give 'em a 4 star rating, that is, until they hire someone for the sole purpose of feeding me delicious pizza so I can fully enjoy the experience of Pal Joey's pizza without lifting a finger. If that happens, then I'll totally give them the 5th star and all of my pizza money!Holla!!!™
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,6/10/2011,363,708,11,13,10>Like many an American, I like Chinese food. Lo mein, cashew chicken, a bowl of wonton soup, it's all good.My husband thought he didn't like Chinese food. Turns out, his main memory was of crappy egg foo young, which is not a dish I generally like anyway. After a few experiments with Asian style cooking at home, I finally convinced him it was time to try Red Dragon.And success was had! Service was friendly and competent and the food was plenty tasty. We started with tea, fried wontons (the man loves fried dough) and won ton soup. The soup was super porky and tasty.I had Ja Jang*, from the "noodle" selection, which had pork, onion and zucchini with black bean sauce over noodles. It was well-cooked and tasty. The husband had Mongolian beef that he thoroughly approved of, and I also tasted, fairly tender and with loads of green onions.It's not the absolute best Chinese ever, but it was really tasty, with fairly low prices and large portions. We got almond and fortune cookies with our check and they bagged up the rest of my Ja Jang for me. Red Dragon, we'll be back!*My Chinese buddy tells me the real name of this is zha jiang mian. Close enough. :)
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,6/9/2011,148,174,5,7,8>Love love love the vibe of this place.Its got a total coffee house vibe that I really dig.Tons of great craft beers and what looks like a nice selection of wine but I didn't even check it out.BIG BIG BIG BIG seller of this place for me was that they had Firestone Walker Double Jack on tap. If you are an IPA/DIPA fan you've GOT to try this beer. Fantastic.The staff is super cool, friendly, and quite knowledgeable about what they selling. The food is quite good as well.Will definitely making this place a regular spot in my rotation of great places for craft beer in the west burbs.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,6/8/2011,341,162,3,5,4>So I'm being Yelped at to Yelp.. but I'm not just gonna pop my Yelp cherry with anyone people, I have standards!  Ok, I was just here last night so why not.I am spoiled.  I haven't been to a regular theater since the first time at Hollywood Boulevard (exception being needing to get my 3D on).  Fear not!  This newly expanded theater now has 3D!All in all, you will spend more than a regular theater. However, the chairs are waaay more comfortable, you get food and cocktails (my favorite part).  The tickets are only $8 and they give you a BOGO coupon for your next visit within a month.  Food prices aren't bad but the food is nothing special. Their menu NEVER changes and don't expect gormet. Hey, its better than the usual $30 popcorn and have to pee every 5 min cola combo.  It's a tad louder than your average cinema but you're not as crammed so when the movie starts you don't even notice.  I went here one night when they weren't busy and did a little exploring. They have a mini museum of movie memorabilia by the restrooms (its no Planet Hollywood) and one of the staff members showed us their special theaters upstairs and in the back (never actually seen a movie in either of these but the decor is awesome).  They have events every so often where they show classic movies and you can meet an actor or 2. This is where I met Christopher Lloyd!!!  Every Saturday night at midnight they show Rocky Horror... people dress up... it's interesting to say the least.Anyway, this place rocks and I've seen dozens of movies here.  Definitley check it out.  If you're closer to Naperville they also have their Hollywood Palms location (never been).       (Would've been 5 stars if the food was better)
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,6/7/2011,168,718,3,7,7>My husband and I LOVE the Lucky Monk.  It is definitely in our top three restaurants to go.  We have been with large groups, with small kids, and I have been with the girls.  It is our go-to place because it's so delicious and there are so many different things we like about it.First of all, I recommend reservations.  They never hurt!  We have arrived around 6 to no wait (we did have a reservation, but there wasn't anyone in the lobby waiting) and when we left, there were a bunch of people waiting for tables.The waitstaff is AMAZING!  I have never had a dirty dish sitting on my table for more than a minute before someone came to take it away!The waiters and waitresses are really, really good and they are always good for a recommendation!  They are knowledgeable about their menu and their beers.On my most recent trip to Lucky Monk, I was with two other girls, and our waitress was Sim.  She was SO accommodating.  I was asking her a lot of questions about the two different kinds of chilis (chicken poblano and the black bean) and she brought me out two samples to try so that I didn't waste my money if I didn't like it. We ordered a sampler off of their special list--it came with parmesan truffle fries (to DIE for.  I would bathe in these fries!), friend pickles, and shoestring onions.  All of those plus the dipping sauce were amazing.  For my meal, I ordered the Turkey burger--it was amazing, and their regular fries were delectable as well.My friends ordered the chicken sandwich (which she seemed to enjoy) and my other friend had the goat cheese pizza, and she didn't have enough nice words to rave about it!  They both ordered a few glasses of wine, so that must have been good, too :)Just to sum up the night, we ordered the skillet smores.  I highly HIGHLY reccommend these.  You will not regret it!  I bet I ate half of it myself!  I have since ordered this to go since it was that amazing.Overall, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had, and they continue to set the bar high for other restaurants!!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,6/6/2011,273,603,1,4,4>I'm still full from my most recent visit to Bistro Dragon. Boy, was it good! This was my first dinner experience here and I chose to indulge with my sister. We ordered more than we should have, but it was okay because we had hungry gentleman at home (watching the Hawks game) awaiting our arrival with leftovers. We started with the famous crab rangoon and the egg rolls. Yummy in my tummy! Honestly, I think the appetizers are my favorite part of the meal. Not too greasy. Beautifully crisp and seasoned just right. I would like to work my way through the rest of the appetizers, but can't seem to get much further because I like these two so much. We moved on to soup. My sister had the hot & sour which I am pretty sure she loved. I tried it even though I am not a fan of egg in the least bit - regardless, the flavor was delicious! The kick was delightful. I ordered the Chinese Chicken Soup which I found to be a unique combination of white meat chicken, cilantro, vermicelli noodles and lime. My only wish is that it was served piping hot which it was not. I will just make sure to ask them to do that next time. I should point out that for $15.95 each we could have ordered a box with soup, an appetizer and some sushi or another chinese dish, I thought about this and under normal circumstance that would have been the way to go. Since we were purposely over-ordering, we ordered three separate dishes instead. A honey glazed steak, general tao's chicken and chicken chow mein. We were looking forward to the steak the most and it was our least favorite dish. There was nothing wrong with it other than it was not what we envisioned. The steak was cut into strips, breaded and sauteed with sauce and veggies. Again, it was fine, but not what we expected. The general tao's chicken was spicy, lightly breaded perfectly and had just the right amount of sauce. I think three or four different types of peppers are used in that dish, so every step of the way, I felt a different type of heat. A bit of spice right away, a different more intense heat as I ate a little more and then a nice after "burn". I don't really know any other way to describe it, but it was quite good. Finally, my favorite of the main dishes was the chicken chow mein. We should have ordered lo mein to get a soft noodle, but the pan fried chow mein was a nice change of pace. The large pieces of unbreaded chicken were plentiful. The veggies were cooked perfectly (although there were mushrooms included that I didn't notice on the menu) and the sauce was the "icing on the cake"! Service was great! Our server was knowledgeable and kept answering all of our questions without hesitation. He was not obtrusive and seemed to know exactly when to drop by the table. I've said it once and I will say it again...I will be back soon. p.s. Delivery is now available!!! :-)
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,6/5/2011,30,73,9,3,6>Remember that part in 'European Vacation' when the Grizwolds, whilst in Germany, find themselves at a Munich-style biergarten in the midst of an Oktoberfest celebration? Do you remember the part where Rusty, lovable if not excessively dorky, meets the frau of his dreams and said frau exposes her breasts to him, thusly blowing his mind? As a youngster, I loved that movie, particularly that part. And even as I have gotten older, learned more of Germany and its culture and even visited the country, that was always my favorite "German" thing. Until now. Rusty and his lusty booty-call have been replaced by the Bavarian Lodge. My own booty-call and I recently ate dinner in the bar area and had a particularly nice evening. Plainly put, this is a beer lovers heaven. If you only came to this place for the beer, you would leave with a glazed look, babbling about the excesses you just witnessed. The beer list is long, strong, and bound to get any beer lovers pulse a' racing. Changing taps everyday, beers of all difft varieties, beers from myriad countries and American regions- they have it all covered. We also ate dinner, and it being my first time, I went for the schnitzel. The portions were massive, and each meal is served with soup or salad, and two sides. I ate with gusto though and took down the large portion of pork. It  was ample, it was good. My only minor complaint was that our server disappeared toward the end of the meal, but it being the bar at 9:30pm on a Saturday, people were getting their draaaaaaaaaank on, well on their way to to the type of intoxication that makes babies. To be expected. Go to the Bavarian Lodge, you wont regret it.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,6/4/2011,223,313,7,7,7>When the Hulk craves some tasty sushi, you better get out of his way.  He'd definitely Hulk Smash you if you ever stole his Hulk Tuna roll.  Each order only comes with 4 pieces, but these are much much larger than the spicy tuna rolls I'm used to.  I'm usually not a huge fan of spicy tuna, but I now love me some spicy tuna.  Oh man are these good, with a slight sweet sesame flavor with a nice kick.  Definitely flavor country up in here.  I also tried the Green Turtle roll, which had some eel, avocado, shrimp, topped with green masago & mayo.  It was good, but I probably wouldn't order again.  But the Hulk Tuna roll I'm getting every time.Anyways, the meal started off nice with complimentary miso soup & steamed/salted edamame.  I also ordered the Agedashi Tofu, which was delicious.  A generous portion of lightly-breaded deep fried tofu, in a hot seasoned broth.  After seeing this and the size of the rolls, I was thinking "crap, I made the same mistake of ordering too much food last time!".  Hopefully I remember next time.Located in a strip mall, you can't miss the bright yellow sign.  It's a nice small joint , with a sushi bar area in the corner.  The staff is super friendly and they all greet you in Japanese as you walk in (and when you leave).  As the regulars started rolling in for dinner, the staff was happily greeting them on a first name basis.  Like I said, super friendly.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,6/3/2011,37,128,3,6,5>Love this place sooo much. The food, the staff, the ambiance, decorations...all of it!  It's really a local treasure in my opinion and I'm happy for them that they were able to expand to this location while keeping their old one.I've commented in many other reviews that some places struggle to divide up the dining room space to make it cozy, inviting and have a sense of fluidity to it.  Well, the people at Indian Harvest have done an impeccable job with this.  We were floored when we checked out their new space way back when.  So pretty.Anyway, the variety of food is awesome here and the quality...oh so good.  From their vegetarian dishes, like my alltime favorite Saag Paneer, to their tandoor meats and tikkha masala...you just can't go wrong.  And I love that they have a whole wheat bread offering (roti), saffron rice, numerous types of naan and their many other accompaniments.  Now, we frequently get takeout because we eat there so much but we really recommend going in to dine.  Now that they've started doing some Groupons (awesome!) we'll be hitting the dining in a few more times.Lastly, I'd like to comment and thank the staff and owner.  They're all so very friendly, helpful and genuine.  We have really enjoyed every person that we've met there.  We wish them much success and hope that you have a good experience with them.  With an open mind and heart, I think you just might love this place as much as we do. :)
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,6/2/2011,82,43,2,5,5>Oh Downers Grove, when did you start getting cool?! As I have mentioned in other various reviews, I love a good sandwich.  Not only does the Lemon Tree have a slick menu of tasty nibbles but they also have a build your own sandwich option.  (complete with tiny pencils!)Not to mention that one of the bread options is pretzel bread, oh la la!Fresh ingredients are totally key.  The sandwiches are made from meats and cheeses that are available in their deli section, so you know a lot of love goes into these sammies!  I also love just hanging out at the coffee bar.  The Baristas make a mean Latte, enough to break a certain someone's Starbucks addiction.The place itself is decorated with clean, modern lines and is very comfortable and fun to be in.  The grocery selection isn't huge but its quality over quantity at the Lemon Tree.  They also have a great selection of wine and beer.I would totally recommend this place to my mom and my hip friends alike.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,6/1/2011,136,719,1,6,2>Cozy yet unassuming boutique restaurant in the heart of Aurora.The menu changes monthly, offering similar main entrees but tweaking the meats. Prices are on the high end but worth it--everything is made fresh to order.The beer list is extensive, and the wine list offers something for everyone. The beverages list comes on a clip board. The menus come in a double-faced sheet of paper.Went with my niece and significant-other unit last night. Ordered the salmon (crispy outside, rare inside) with spinach and black bean puree, the risotto with grilled shrimp (the largest portion at our table), and the vegetarian ravioli. I got a glass of the Gewurtzaminer (had to point it out to the waitress, glass came 1/2 filled) from the dessert list, the significant other got a Flywheel lager, and our niece got a cranberry juice.The waitress seemed flustered but was EXTREMELY attentive and curteous. Our food came out in a good amount of time--not too long and not too quickly. The host who sat us seemed inexperienced and flustered but extremely courteous.The serving sizes are very petite, the flavor is huge. The significant other unit felt the restaurant was extremely pricey for the size of the dishes.For dessert we ordered the homemade chocolate peanut butter fudge with coconut and chili ice cream and graham, the goat cheese cake, and the molten chocolate cake. Everything was petite but again, flavor-packed.The owner came to say hi and chat with us several times. His wife and nephew were sitting next to us having dinner. The restaurant was well populated by a number of guouests when we first arrived and when we left--but was by no means full.There is a bar section in the second room, which is where one comes in to the host's lectern when you first arrive. There is an outdoor balcony that we saw from where we were seated with seating capacity.When the heating system kicked in it reverberated quite loudly within the space. There are great modern art paintings hanging on the tuckpointed brick walls--these may be for sale. Great neutral but modern color scheme. Crisp and clean bistro feel. Lighting and drapes provide great ambiance.Lovely restaurant for a very special night out, but I can't recommend it for a favorite place to come often, as portions are so small and prices so high.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,5/31/2011,161,158,3,4,4>Gotta say, if you want your money's worth for some decent Chinese food, Lucky Wok is the place for you.  I've eaten a few of their take-out dish from family friends who visit and would bring us some food and it had always tasted decent so today I decided to go to the place and check it out myself.  Plus, it was Chinese New Year and being a Buddhist, we had a tradition of being vegetarian on the first day of the Lunar New Year for good karma.  We picked Lucky Wok because they have a decent Vegetarian selection and was very affordable. We had a group of 3 so we ordered 3 entres and 1 Large Hot & Sour soup that all came out to roughly $20.  We had plenty leftover to take home afterwards.  Even if you had ordered a small it was decently proportions and it was for under $5.  There were some dishes that were House Specialities but they were still very good deals at $5-$8.  Today I tried everything vegeterian: Vegetable Kow, Tofu Country Style and Egg Foo Young Mushroom.  The Egg Foo Young, hands down was the best I have ever tasted and it didn't even have meat! I didn't even miss meat the whole time we were eating.  The veggies were fresh and green and they were cooked just right, crunchy and not over-cooked.  They did used a lot of corn starch in their sauce as far as I can tell because it was thick (so note that one meal will make you full for a while) but their seasoning and flavor were not over the top or too salty.  The only thing I wasn't totally fond of was their Hot & Sour soup that tasted too sour! It tasted like they had went overboard with the vinegar but hey, if you are a die-hard fan of that soup, you'll find a way to get used to it.  Overall, great place.  So affordable if you are a college student or anyone just looking for cheap Chinese eats.  Come here to order or get take out.  You just gotta know that if you are going to eat-in, they don't have bowls and they will give you your food in Chinese cartons and plastic boxes (it's ready for you to take to-go afterwards). There are no official silverware or plates, so  plastic forks it is! It's not about the service or presentation here but their food alone will leave you feeling satisfied ;)Oh and Credit Card payments of amount $15+.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,5/29/2011,19,116,6,12,7>I first fell in love with Hawaiian culture the first time I saw the Barefoot Hawaiian dancers perform at the Tiki Terrace restaurant.  I was so impressed with the dancing and the colorful costumes that I looked at their website and found they offered dancing classes, plus the classes were very affordable.  The school is located in Des Plaines and have two Dance Studios. They also have a Hawaiian store that sell an extensive collection of Hawaiian shirts and dresses; as well as all things Polynesian.  The classes are separated by Women's, Men's, and Children's dance classes, and they also offer Ukalele and Polynesian drum classes; as well as Fire knife Dancing for men.Shortly after seeing the Barefoot Hawaiian dancers perform at Tiki Terrace, I enrolled in their  Kane (men's class) Dance class every Monday night.  The owner and instructor Gwen Keneddy was very nice and patient and really knew her Polynesian culture.  The classes were taught in a fun and safe environment, and I learned allot of the dances in a short amount of time.  After a few weeks of taking classes, I was invited to perform with the Barefoot Hawaiian dancers at local outdoor events and parades, while pretending to be a Hawaiian native. Lol.  The school provided the materials to make the Polynesian costumes, and we paid and assembled the costumes ourselves with help from the more experienced older girls (or the Hula Nazis, as they were nicknamed). I have been with this Dance troop a little under two years before I decided to retire from dancing, but overall, I enjoyed this part of my life.  I will never forget the people I met and befriended during my time with Barefoot Hawaiian; it was like joining a member of a large Hawaiian family and Gwen was our mother.  If you have an appreciation of Polynesian culture; I suggest you enroll in their dance, Ukalele or drum classes. You will come out with a more appreciation of Polynesian culture, and walk away with a new family.The classes are held one day a week, during the evening, and a normal semester is 8 weeks and only $10 per class.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,5/28/2011,33,144,5,5,3>If it walk into a taqueria and I'm the only person who speaks English fluently, I know it's probably a good place.  I got a burrito suizo that was just fantastic.  A giant burrito in a nice fluffy tortilla with perfectly grilled chicken inside, completely covered in what was some really flavorful Chihuahua cheese.  It was definitely a delight.  I also ended up with lemonade.  I have no idea how, I didn't order it.Actually, I do know how.  There is a serious language barrier there to be sure.  I must have said something while ordering that sounded like lemonade.  I can't imagine what, but I'm sure that was it.  The place is lacking in ambiance to be sure, but if you ask me that's part of the ambiance.  Little holes in the wall are the best places to get Mexican food and it just adds to the experience.  Plus they had a TV on the wall showing old Mexican movies.Overall a great little find, although if you're not comfortable being the only English speaker in a restaurant, I'd recommend getting it to go.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,5/27/2011,125,148,2,2,2>Labriola combined three of my favorite foods in one sitting-- juicy red meat, soft, chewy bread and ultra-creamy gelato. Damn was this a great visit complete with a lovely patio experience. First, a little about the decor. The cafe entices you in with the inviting smells and expansive eye-candy of bakery selections as you walk in the front door. The set-up is part "fast-food" part traditional sit-down restaurant. You place your order as you first walk in and are given a number to display at your table-top. The food runners bring you the piping hot orders straight to your table. You are responsible for your own drink since you are also given a cup at the register. They have plenty of seating in several rooms and even a curbside patio perfect for a sunny day. It is very warm, comfortable, and as I previously said, inviting with the mahogany woods, stone fireplace and rich colors. The food was a bit overwhelming for me. I had so many choices. It all sounded so wonderful. After reading many raving reviews about the Richie Burger from Renita, Kristina and other yelp friends I knew I had to be like any other red-blooded American and order one for myself. It did not disappoint- cooked to perfection (medium), just enough spice, cheese and other condiments, and the pretzel roll was salty, sweet and soft and chewy. I was in burger heaven. The fries on the other hand were a little too al dente for my liking. Kristina and I split a red velvet gelato cup. OMG I practically devoured the stuff. It was insanely rich and creamy. I can't wait to go back and try other flavors. I hear so many wonderful things about their breakfast, so I definitely need to go back again to try that part of the menu. Labriola is a great pick for delicious, high-quality bakery noshes at affordable prices.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/26/2011,574,590,5,5,4>My parents and I have been going here for awhile. It is our Friday night spot in Downtown Palatine. The wait staff know us by name and we always take a seat by the kitchen to watch the chefs work their magic. The wine list never disappoints. We usually go for the J Lohr cabernet or a glass of the Ruffalo Chianti. Both are delicious.The pasta dishes are classic and the flavors are bright and clear. Only about 3 ingredients in each dish so nothing is overwhelming. The daily specials are always impressive. We tried grilled calamari diablo last Friday and it was a spicy treat.  My mother always orders lobster ravioli, even if it's not on the menu. It is a great dish (the appetizer portion is more than enough for a full entree). They're very accomodating with non-menu orders like that.I always have leftovers for a day or two! The portions are huge. Basically, we are big fans of Gianni's and will keep going there as long as the quality stays at the level it is now!Oh there is free valet service too, a nice plus. And order to pick up if you want to enjoy at home!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,5/25/2011,50,220,5,7,6>The only sandwich I've had that comes near the tasty goodness of Alpine is Fontano's. If I had to choose between the two, however, Alpine wins every time. A sandwich from here would have been included in the "what's your last meal" prompt on for my yelp profile had the answer included enough characters for me to include about 10 other items. Since it didn't, I've chosen to mention this in my glowing review.I don't remember my first alpine b/c I was probably around 5. This, along with Mickey's, were common go-to places when I would spend summers visiting my grandparents in merry ole River Forest in the days of yore. Despite not recalling my first delicious Alpine-y bite, I've always had high sandwich expectations because of Alpine. Generic chain sandwich shops, although they can be good, never have done subs justice for me because I knew I've had much much better. Eating a sandwich from here in present day times tells me that even as a wee one, I knew what a damned good sandwich was. The chewiness of the bread and the freshness of the meats and cheese makes this the perfect, most delicious, most enjoyable bite o cold cut sandwich a girl could ask for. I don't normally sway from the classic Alpine b/c I'm an italian meats kind of girl. In writing this, I must say that this isn't just part of my final meal list. This is also on my, "I want one right *expletive* now," list. If they delivered, I'd be broke and unable to fit into my clothes. It's probably in my best interest they don't.I love this place.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,5/24/2011,38,67,4,10,5>Does your library have a drive thru? Mine does. Yup I can go online and select all the books, movies, and music I'd like, click "reserve it" and select pick up at drive up window.. Wait a day or two and they email me that my materials are ready for pick up. I drive on over to the library drive thru and they slide my materials out the window to me. Brilliant. When I am done with my materials I can also drive up and drop them off. I never have to set foot in the library, but I WANT TO GO IN.  It's super nice inside. They also have a big selection of new and old movies and they buy multiple copies so they have enough available. They even have Xbox 360 and PS3 games!  I no longer need Netflix. I have the Gail Borden Library.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,5/23/2011,287,787,7,9,11>I feel like chicken tonight...like chicken tonight. Goodbye Colonel, Goodbye Browns, we have a new favorite place for chicken in town and that would be Chicken Manor. A Manor, it ain't. This is a tiny space in a strip mall in Addison. This is only take-out. No seats or tables, save for a bench inside if you're waiting for your order. I've learned that calling ahead to pick up is the way to go and they are always spot on for the wait time. When they say 20 minutes, it's ready in 20 minutes. This is the first time I've had Broasted chicken and I am now a fan. The chicken pieces are large, have a nice crispy coating and stay juicy and tender after cooking. The menu gives you a nice array of combos, sides, dinner packages. The ribs are OK, nice tangy sauce, although the meat is not "fall off the bone" like I prefer. The fried shrimp are good--nice plump shrimp, served with cocktail sauce. The fries are probably the loser in the bunch. Crinkle cut fries that just seem a little soggy every time we order take-out. If we need some starch, we opt for the broasted loaded potatoes instead--it comes heavy with cheddar cheese and sprinkled with bacon--it really is a delicious meal in itself! They don't sell beverages, but if you're making a run for the chicken, there's a liquor store a few doors down where you can pick up soda or beer, wine...whatever goes best with the chicken! Friendly and courteous service from phone call to pick-up.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,5/22/2011,4739,1870,32,24,22>Voulez-vous coucher avec moi?I'll answer that for you: No. a. I gotz a man (7 years and counting)b. I gotz 4 cats- so even I'm lucky if I can get a spot in my own bed. But nevertheless, I say "Rue La La" to Rue Noir!A week before my first visit to Rue, I was in dire need of new bras (re- I even went as far as stapling the elastic back into one of my old ones- so yeah, it was time and I am obvi cray cray). I went to a certain lingerie store with a 'Secret' and tried on 15 different bras that we're all ill fitting and uncomfortable. Fed up and frustrated, I bought a $65 bra that had a cute print but didn't fit very well and was crazy uncomfortable; it was the best of the worst... then the sad Charlie Brown song played in my hanging head as I walked out with said crappy overpriced bra in hand, thinking "Good Grief! There must be something better out there." Enter: Rue.I give this sultry and stylish little boudoir boutique my OFFICIAL "I'm addicted to the point of calling an intervention expert" stamp of approval. I've got a habit that involves getting my fix of Rue AT LEAST twice a week, but sometimes, the third times the charm. I've never left without purchasing multiple things, including- but not limited to: *$100 bras marked down $45 *$25 bras that are not only super cute but incredibly comfy*$100 bras that are worth every.red.cent they fit so well and are so damn comfy + sexy *lingerie *lotions*candles*pinup swimwear *jewelry *sexy tasty treats *beautiful head bands*and bachelorette party gifts that are NOT trashy like so many other places... no hackneyed pink pecker necklaces here, folks. Rue Noir keeps it classy.I love the one owner, Christina. She's there every time I go in and she's an expert at finding things I'll love and that I need. Okay, I might not need them, but I want them... badly... and so will you. HomeGirl is so good that the first time I walked in I didn't even have to say anything but my size and she found the cutest Betsey Johnson bra for me... and it was on sale for 50% off! Beyond the sales here being Uh-Maze-Ing, and the regularly priced merch being of high quality and showcasing a great line-up of products in varying price ranges from $25-100, my favorite thing about Rue Noir are the sizes. They have SO SO SO SO SO SO SO many bras in specialty sizes and they're all super adorbies! ~Have mosquito bite boobies? No Problemo! ~Little in the middle but you got much bewb? They've got THE BEST selection I've ever seen of bras with smaller back sizes like 30 and 32 with large cup sizes from D to shining DD.~Are you an uber busty bombshell or voluptuous vixen? They've got some of the most adorable and feminine bras with E and F cups in the $30 range so you don't have to spend big to look and feel great. Absolutely nothing they sell here will make you feel like you're a member of Grandma's Girdle Militia- scouts honor. There's lots more I could say but I'll let you check it out on your own... there ain't no 'Secret' here!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,5/21/2011,174,261,6,3,3>Holy waffle wow!  Why did I think this was going to be fast food?  Have been waiting with baited breath for this place to finally open so when I noticed the lights on I rushed in to pick up some chicken and waffles to go and...Woah...swanky.  I had no idea.  Gorgeous tiled walls and fixtures, dark wood floor, faux alligator high back booths and chandeliers, very nice.  I forgive you for taking so long to open.  Caught a little off guard, I ask if I can order take out?  Sure!  Everyone was very very friendly (maybe they all have ownership shares?) and the food, oh my gods, the food.  I ordered the Aunt Joyce, chicken, waffles, grits and eggs, so when they brought out a bag with two huge take out boxes, i assumed they had the wrong order.  Nope, the servings are large, just my style.The waffles are the thin kind, and the chicken reminds me of roasted chicken, like white fence farm, very well seasoned and the syrup is just the right sweet.  A perfect bite of waffle, chicken and syrup all in one is what you want.So I dragged my boyfriend back, and same wonderful food and service.  Very happy and impressed, and would like to say you are indeed my new home for Chicken and Waffles.  Now, can we discuss a food truck franchise?
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,5/20/2011,62,147,4,3,3>I was suggested this spot by a friend and decided to check it out this weekend for dinner with my dad and my brother.There was complimentary valet parking. I'm not sure if that's a weekend thing, or if there was something else going on (or maybe just because I'm THAT cool), but the valet was complimentary which was good for a chilly night.We had reservations and were seated right away even though we were early for the time we had requested.It's a nice place. Typical classy Italian look, white tablecloth tables, Italian music. There's a large dining area as well as a separate bar area on the opposite side of the restaurant. The bar area had a band come in to perform around 8:00 pm which was alright for me but might have annoyed some of the other customers trying to dine peacefully.They forgot to bring us bread in the beginning and we didn't get any until midway through the meal, and my brother had to ask for it; upsetting, but we dealt with it. We ordered the calamari fritti (fried octopus) and the vongole cotto (baked clams) for antipasti (appetizers). Both dishes came very small in portion size compared to what I'm used to for Italian meals, both at home and at Italian restaurants that I frequent. There were a dozen baked clams but each one was literally the size of my thumbnail. We could have eaten an order each. Same for the calamari which was really only enough to feed one normal person; but with three grown Italian men, we were left starving after the appetizers. Though, I will say, it all tasted great.For dinner, my brother ordered the linugine with broccoli and shrimp, my dad ordered the linguine al olio con gli spinaci (oil with spinach), and I ordered the tortellini paesano which was tortellini with prosciutto, mushrooms, and peas, in an alfredo sauce, and I had them add Italian sausage which went really well with the dish. They pasta came in massive bowls that definitely madeup for the small appetizers. The prosciutto and mushrooms that were cooked with the sauce in my dish really made the entire dish and I loved every bite of it. I heard no complaints from my family and they thoroughly enjoyed their meals as well. I was the only one capable of finishing every bite, so that goes to show you the large portion sizes of the main dishes.The service was fair. The waitress didn't come by much, but when she did she made great conversation (mostly about Italy) that kept my family content.I had the tiramisu for dessert and it was great as well. Very large piece of tiramisu, good enough for 2 or 3 people for dessert. Very rich, very good.The bill was pretty pricey, pricier than I expected, but then again it's Oak Brook, so I'm not TOO surprised.I'll be coming back here soon for another meal.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,5/19/2011,120,162,7,9,9>Hi, I'm Leslie and I'm a Libra.Fair and balanced, constantly seeking harmony. Sure it bothers me that that wasn't a complete sentence, and now my temperamental mind will not be balanced until harmony is sought. Remedies? I'll always have the assurance of a weekly grammar Nazi thread, but when trazodone withdrawals have left me with nothing but an abundance of energy, less time is spent staring at computers and more is spent outside interacting with the two legged masses. What I found on this humanitarian voyage: a restaurant that prides itself on homemade original burgers holds its veggie burgers to the same standards. Harmony was sought and achieved at Tom and Eddie's as countless patrons, veggies and meaties alike, sat across from one another without arrogant remarks toward the others life choices. Well, I didn't go table to table eavesdropping, but it's safe to say that after eating their veggie burgers, we might have converted some die hard animal predators. The edadame burger, quite aptly titles Yin and Yang, is the perfect burger consistency. Boca burgers, don't even try to compete. Normally, I'm suicide-sensitive, but boca, if you're listening, you really are worthless and have nothing to live for. Back to positivity and the worthy of living, Tom and Eddie's fries are just perfect. They're lightly salted, crunchy on the outside and feel just like a potato should on the inside.Lots of the old trusted Yelpers have suggested perusing the menu before entering the restaurant. The setup of this burger joint sort of like Panera except that your food is delivered to your table. As with most things that pose problems in my life, I avoid them, so takeout it was. Now I don't feel guilty for tipping or not tipping.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,5/18/2011,284,80,3,4,1>When you think of a zoo, I'm certain the first thought is about caged wild animals, and maybe the fauna on display too! I am a member of the zoo, so I take my daughter fairly regularly. On occasion, we make the rounds of a few different animal exhibits, but mostly we stick to two or three areas.The routine generally has become bringing our lunch and eating it near one of the two play areas because eating outside is so much more fun than eating indoors :)Afterward, she plays and burns off energy, and maybe is in the mood to see a few animals. Our favorites (in no particular order) are the new bear habitat and the bison, which never seem to move very often. There is an an enormous primate house that guides you through monkeys and apes of South America, Asia, and Africa. Sometimes, finding them in their hiding places is half the fun. Don't forget there's a hippo wandering about as well! The dolphin show is always a treat, yet many people overlook it because they don't schedule their time very well.No trip is complete without playing in the Hamill Family Zoo, where there is always newly-sanitized toys, a small animal to pet (held by a zoo employee for your safety), little caves to explore, and usually some form of craft projects. My daughter made a spider out of a yougurt cup and pipe cleaners.If there's time and interest, a ride on the wooden carousel is a must.Brookfield Zoo is more of an outdoor venue for anything that strikes our fancy than strictly a zoo.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,5/17/2011,371,418,6,6,7>I LOVE sushi. No really, I LOVE it, deeply in the bottom corners of my heart where lies burning passionate love for only very sacred things in my life, lives my love for sushi. That said, when I say "this is the best freakin sushi on the planet and Chef Soon is a skilled sushi superstar with a wonderful and fun personality to go along with his enormous talent" I f'n mean it. One of the other chef's - Tom (or Tommy or Thomas, I can't recall - too much sake) was really fun and sweet too. He asked us all our names while he was prepping food, and before we left he repeated them back to us to make sure he remembered. How thoughtful. I've honestly never experienced such personable and friendly sushi chefs before. :- ) I went with 3 friends and we sat at the sushi bar we all ordered different things and shared. Every maki/nigiri/bite was amazing! Seriously I cant speak highly enough of this food. At the recommendation of Chef Soon as well as my homie Dana G. - I ordered from the chef special signature roll menu - The Fire Ball (Spicy tuna, cucumber, avocado and spicy masago mayo wrapped with thin slices of jalapeno and fluke, topped with tobiko and dried kiku flower, drizzled with wasabi mayo and chili sauce) - holy delicious sushi! I was in fat girl heaven. I also tried one of everything all my friends ordered which included Ocean Drive, King Kong, rainbow Dragon and Blue Coral, each roll just as delicious as the next. I also ordered a piece of eel and some wasabi roe - yummers -  For "desert" I ordered king crab which was prepared with a huge hunk of real butter, a blow torch and a lemon. I LITERALLY screamed (while rubbing my very full belly and smiling hugely) when I ate it. My mouth was a very happy mouth. I don't think I've screamed in bliss over food in a restaurant before. After dinner I just sat there hemming and hawing over the awesome meal I just had making all sorts of "mmmmm" and "ooohh" sounds. Yep, it's that good. The house saki is very good. The restaurant is clean and quiet, and I hear they have a really fun karaoke room in the back - I didn't see it but my friends seemed to think it was pretty sweet. Totally cant wait to go back here again and try everything else on the menu.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,5/16/2011,44,130,4,5,4>Growing up in St. Charles in the 90s, there was but one Chinese restaurant in town, so when Silver Lake opened its doors, it was a heralded with the whole town's welcome. And when the town had its first taste, it was like mana rained down from heaven.Simply superb.I've simply never had better Chinese food. I'm not sure what they add to their white sauce for their Garden Fresh Vegetable, but whatever it is, it's addictive as hell. Silver Lake has been the standard to which I hold every Chinese dish I've had since. My family wishes we could get royalties for every time we're heard as quoting, "It's okay, but nowhere near as good as Silver Lake."I've since moved from the area, but I have happily driven an hour just to take home another hit of those divine mixed vegetables and vegetable egg rolls.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,5/15/2011,199,119,2,5,4>Another little gem in downtown LaGrange! Been going to this place for years, we randomly stumbled upon it one day while searching for someplace new to have lunch. The best thing on the menu? The lemon chicken rice soup!! I would come here for this alone!!You seat yourself, and order at the counter, and your food is brought to your table - along with a loaf of delicious bread! Yes, it's mediterranean food, but the menu has many, many options. I've had pizza, pasta, and sandwiches here and they've all been great. On my most recent visit here this past Saturday, I decided to try the chicken kebob pita- grilled chicken, onions, veggies, a perfect pita and the most AMAZING tzatziki sauce! I'm so in love. I'm actually craving this again as I type. We also tried their bruschetta this time, which is a garlicky delight piled high with perfectly seasoned tomatoes. Loved it!Grapevine is closed Sundays :( - but please check this out Monday through Saturday! You will not be disappointed- great food at decent prices in an excellent location - can't go wrong!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,5/14/2011,191,452,3,3,4>I usually like to munch on brunch.  Chat...munch...chat some more...munch some more.  That's the typical progression of my favorite meal of the week.  But here, Maryum S. and I truly noshed in silence as soon as our plates were set down.  The food was too good to put down!The menu was fun and creative.  My husband loves eggs benedict so I am overly excited to bring him here to choose from Nosh's 5 different varieties!  I'm not a eggs benedict girl but I could not resist ordering their monte cristo benedict ($9.99).  Two slices of English muffins generously topped with thinly sliced smoke ham, melted gruyere cheese, creamy poached eggs and a slightly sweet port-grape hollandaise.  Well executed balance of salty smoky flavor from the ham and sublte sweetness from the thin layer of hollandaise sauce.  I had the choice of herb roasted potatoes or pear sliced tossed in gingery-honey syrup for a side.   I was being indecisive as usual so the girl offered to bring me half an order of each!  What a great problem solver!  Their potatoes are out of this world.  Just the right touch of seasoning and butter.  I literally said, "MMmmm," after putting the first wedge in my mouth. They serve Forte tea...both as a beverage to accompany your meal and as a retail product to bring home!  The Bombay Chai ($2.75) was just what my sore throat needed!  Next time, peach mango is on my list!I desperately wanted to try one of their many amazing sweet plates (Bananas Foster Pancakes, Hot Chocolate French Toast, just to name a couple).  Alas, my friend had a craving for crepes, so next time I'll definitely order a "tasting" portion (so awesome that they offer it!)Service was friendly and efficient (surprising since there were only two servers working the whole place!)  Looks like they do offer al fresco dining when the weather permits too, so yet another reason to long for warm weather.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,5/13/2011,71,38,3,6,4>Friday night pizza. It's what I make for dinner ;-)The kids love their Friday pizza party courtesy of Oak Park's best. Geppetto's always delivers hot and fresh. If you eat at the restaurant, even better. This neighborhood spot's salad bar is great (especially if clam chowder is the soup of the day) and reasonably priced. Definitely give some of the entrees a try like the shrimp linguini or gnocchi. I'm not a pasta girl, and these were just right. Yummier the next day as leftovers!TIP: Order a family size pie for delivery and you can request a free six pack of soda. Some try to play dumb on the phone...but they have it on the take out menu!Oak Park food for the fam.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,5/12/2011,92,360,3,7,3>It's hard to go wrong with the meat-ad-infinitum concept, but although Chama Gaucha wasn't the first to get there, the restaurant does execute the concept very, very well.What little food I had at the salad bar was quite good; a wide variety of vegetables, cheeses and salads. The marinated mushrooms in particular were good, and the giant block of Parmagiano Reggiano at the head of the line were particularly nice touches.There was also a selection of dried hams that tasted pretty close to Iberian ham. I have no idea how Brazilian it actually was, but it was good. That said, you should save your appetite for the main course.The main course consists of at least 10 selections of meat (2 chicken, 2 lamb, 1-2 pork, 5-6 beef), most cooked perfectly and whisked to your table by eager servers with knives and skewers at hand.In spite of the frenzied nature of this type of dining experience, you actually have control of the pace of your meal. This is because of the "I want / don't want meat card" at the table at the beginning of the meal, and also because the portion sizes of each piece of meat are appropriate (1-2 oz. per piece, tops.)The serving team also takes requests, and so were able to send my requested piece of meat to my table in a reasonable time. The highlights of the meat part of the meal were: 1.) the Costela, a well marbled, tender AND flavorful (but apparently underappreciated) cut of beef rib, 2.) the bottom sirloin (Fraldinha), crusted in sea salt but with tremendous flavor even without it, and 3.) both lamb cuts (the chop and the leg), which provided a good diversion in flavor and texture.Most of the rest of the cuts were just all right to my taste buds, particularly the parmesan crusted pork.With the meal came sides, including a really crispy parmesan-crusted polenta that was excellent, decent mashed potatoes and fried plantain (my personal throwback dish--I hadn't eaten plantain in forever before this). Of course we had to have dessert, so our table shared a creme brulee and papaya cream topped with cassis. The creme brulee was as good as you should expect from creme brulee, but I liked the flavor of the papaya more.For a place every bit as good as Fogo de Chao without having to drive downtown, Chama Gaucha hit the spot for me.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,5/11/2011,252,423,3,3,3>Nana's is a classic.  My in-laws ate here when they first moved to Streamwood 31 years ago.  And Nana's is still there on Irving Park Rd. serving up some of the quickest and tastiest hot dogs and fries around.The decor isn't much to look at; a high counter, a few tables and booths about, all worn and needing a fresh coat of paint.  BUT, you aren't here for the decor.  You want a dog!  You want it fast!  And you want it cheap!All the dogs come with fries, literally.  The dog is covered in fries and then wrapped up tightly in deli paper.  This can be a tad messy so don't even think about trying to eat one of these in the car.  The fries are fresh and you can watch them put the potatoes in the special do-hickey to cut them up.They have other traditional dog-joint fare on the menu like pizza puffs, beefs and the like.  They even have those yummy Mexican bottled sodas and GREEN RIVER soda at the fountain.  And if you like their fun retro logo you can even buy a t-shirt :-)
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,5/10/2011,65,630,12,3,2>What a gem! Finally, Downtown Wheaton is getting more "hip". I went here with my Mom on a Monday night, and it was a pretty good crowd. A huge place, when you walk in, to the left is the bar, and then the to the right is the sushi bar and the restaurant area. Now onto the most important part, the food. It is really nice to have a nice place in Wheaton like this. Of course you have the old staples of Asian food, such as Pad Thai, Fu Yuan, Luong Lui/Loi (spelling). We wanted to party, so WOK N FIRE ASIAN FUSION WAS MY MOM'S SELECTION, and since she was paying, and I was heading out of town the next day I wanted to stick it to her with the bill (just kidding, love you Mommy).Anyway we walked in and we seated by our waiter, James. First off, my mom thought I had a crush on this guy because I addressed him by name several times. I don't love him, I just like being personable. Anyway, the staff was great. James brought us water, answered a question about a sauce I had, and was always roaming. I got my food from a different waitress and a different man (the host) took our bill. A GREAT TEAM EFFORT AT WOK N FIRE...nice job.The food: I started with Spinach Egg Drop Soup. Since I like trying new things, I highly recommend. It was so light, with corn, white pepper, and sesame oil. Think of this as the Juan Pierre of my meal. The table setter. Up next, the 2 spot (MY MOM)She got Pad Thai, and could not even finish it (loser). She wanted me to finish it, but I had my hands and mouth full from my food. This is why I grew up obese, but instead of pad thai, she would give me fries; my dad was way worse though. I am not obese anymore. Karma is a b*tch, because he struggles big time with his weight now. That is mean to say, but then again, I grew up being called fatty thanks to him....hahah HARSH (laughing right now, outloud).What did I order? Well, after James told me the sauce that I wanted did not have heavy gravy, I ordered the Spicy Shanghai, sauce on the side with scallops. The scallops came breaded, which I wasn't expecting, It was panko, so it was ok. This was wheat noodles with a good amount of veggies. Really glad I got sauce on the side, because it was very sugary and I only dipped occassionally. THESE SCALLOPS KNOCKED MY SOCKS OFF (and I was wearing tube socks). I also got a side order of spinach with garlic....sorry who ever sits next to me on the plane tomorrow, I am not brushing my teeth until we have a 4 hour convo about capitalism vs. communism, or some other subject that requires a lot of emphasis...haha..I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. As previously mentioned, if I were cheating on my wife, I would take her here because of the decor, darkness, and mystery of Asian FUSION! This place "WOKS"....ahhahahaha....anybody?
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,5/9/2011,58,186,4,4,4>So I've read a lot of reviews on this place.  Overall, it seems that you either really like this place or you'd rather eat at Wendys.   HMMMMM.... I had no idea what to expect.  I've even passed by this place several times not even knowing what kind of business this was.  After all, it's near Mario Tricocci and I figured maybe it's a spa or something???  Once I found I was going to have lunch here, I had virtually no expectations.   So I tagged along with a bunch of co-workers for a luncheon.   Upon entering, I did notice that the decor is really nice.  The interior definitely is on the higher end, and I'm wondering if the food can match that expectation.  Right away, I did notice the huge bar area along with the huge selection of wines.   From what I've read, the wine selection is what this place is known for.  Unfortunately, it was a work lunch, so I'll have to sample that some other time.  So, we were promptly seated.  People in our party remarked on the various decorative items, the vases, the lighting, the cleanliness.  Our server was friendly, went over the specials and even did it all over again when one of our party members arrived at the table shortly after.  Waiter even was a camera man for us.  I will vouch for the rest of the reviews here and say that the service was top notch. So, let's get to the nitty gritty.  Everyone ordered a variety of items from a mussell dish to tomato flatbread, bison chilli, chicken and salad dishes.  I went with the Cedar Plank Salmon.   The presentation was something they obviously put a lot of effort into.  The dishes had to meet the under 475 calorie requirement.  Once the food arrived, people were very interested in seeing how it would taste.  I mean, after entering such a fancy place, being presented with everything in a good way, you'd be anxiously anticipating fireworks right???? Well, I will say that I was pleasantly surprised at our meals.  People in my department are notorious for loving really good foods.  We have food days several times a year and we LOVE to eat.   People mostly liked their meals, and they were filling.  For myself, salmon was cooked perfect.  I did enjoy the cedar flavor (salmon was cooked on the cedar plank and presented that way - see the pic).  It also came with asparagus, assorted veggies and a few potatoes.  Ofcourse, to meet the calorie requirement, my food was not heavily seasoned.  At the same time, the fish was cooked so perfectly, I didn't mind.  I actually enjoyed eating healthier for a change.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal but didn't feel I was entering the food coma stage. Ofcourse, the waiter presented us with a desert assortment that resembled a centerpeice.  Again, presentation was key, but the deserts themselves were each in a shot glass.  Like mentioned, it was super smart marketing in presenting a spoon in front of each person dining.  I mean how could you say no right?  A small portion of desert after eating a healthy meal??? OK so I had the java chip (Not sure what the full name was).  I'm not a huge desert person, but that one small portion was just enough for me and it was pretty satisfying. Overall, I'd go back as I've started to eat healthier.  Expect to pay 8-20 dollars depending on what you order (we had the lunch menu).  Overall, nice decor.  Great service.  A nice change of pace and pleasant surprise.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,5/8/2011,850,1294,8,17,11>I've been here three times now (third times the charm, right?) and I can say without hesitation that this is one of the best Indian restaurants in the 'burbs. It may even be THE best one, but I haven't tried them all and don't claim to be an Indian expert. I have no idea if it is truly authentic or the best example, but I just know that the service is spot on and I have yet to try a single dish that displeases me. I keep coming back for more and can't wait for the next time.Everything about Kama Bistro pleases me. It invigorates the senses. All the sights and sounds, the flavors and smells. It's so laid back and loungy. I love that they decorated with a cozy and exotic theme but shied away from your typical Indian interior. I also love that they work with the community to bring customers back by offering deep discounts. They hosted us for a Yelp event, they made us a special menu for Renita M.'s suburban Girls Night Out, I constantly receive coupons via email and they even advertised through Groupon.Groupon is what brought me back most recently. I knew for a fact that I love them, so the promise of 50% off made it that much more appealing. Stvo K. and I came for dinner before a show and both enjoyed our meals. I typically order chicken makhani, but noticed they offered it with lamb and I couldn't resist. It was amazing, as if I expected anything less, and there was enough to take home for later.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,5/7/2011,2184,1339,9,15,14>I heart ANH. I started coming to this place as soon as I moved to Schaumburg with friends. It's amazingly cheap ($5 for most entrees) and the food is amazing for the price.I usually get one of two things the Black Mushroom Chicken & Rice or the BBQ Pork with Rice...both are AWESOME! I have tried a bunch of other dishes on the menu though and have never had a bad dish. My new favorite is the Ma Po Tofu...I've been getting it every time I go (which is at least once a week). The Ma Po Tofu is a huge portion and I always end up taking half home! I tried the Cuttlefish Balls for the first time this week. I admit I was freaked out by the name but they are like upgraded fish stick balls! I'm completely addicted to their jin deui now. They put a tad too many sesame seeds on the outside but I just scrape a few off and bite into the rice floury & red bean paste goodness! They are always just the right temperature of warmness, crispy on the outside, ooey and gooey on the inside! I will never skip the Sesame Seed Balls again!The service is surprisingly good for such a cheap sit down place...the water is always refilled. Sometimes they will give you free hot tea, other times you need to ask and they will bring it right out to you. We go way too much so all the workers know us. This has become a regular spot for my coworkers and I during the week for lunch. We usually get there a little after 11 and get seated right away. But by the time we leave at noon, it's always completely packed. Definitely expect to wait a bit if you go during peak lunch times.They also do carryout (which I don't think many people know but they will def do this for you) so it's always a great, cheap option for eating at home if you want to avoid their perpetually sticky tables (yuck).
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,5/6/2011,71,165,4,9,4>So I have been craving BBQ for weeks now but couldn't convince my husband to go to a BBQ joint (he thinks he is the only person in the world that can truly smoke meat)!  Well after alot of coercing I got him to go with me to try Vic's and Rick's and wow we were both blown away, as was our son.  We had Ribs, Brisket, and Hotlinks, along with coleslaw, potato salad, and ranchero beans.  Everything tasted great!  The ribs were perfect, tender, juicy, and not overly sauced.  We also got to sample the signature BBQ and the pulled pork, both AWESOME!  The pulled pork had to have been smoked for a very long time because it had a nice rich smokey flavor.  Speaking of sauce it is a house sauce that is made fresh daily.  My husband had a blast talking about BBQ and proper smoking technique with Victor (one of the owners).  Victor even shared some of his wood with the hubby.   The servers are awesome, the atmosphere is very welcoming with these cute picnic tables that make you feel like you are in the backyard.  FYI, there are loads of additional choices that are off menu, so head on in and I'm sure Victor can accommodate you.  We will be going back soon!!  Great quality, inexpensive cost!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,5/5/2011,255,326,4,7,3>We bought some plants from Pesche's in the spring, planted them, and come summertime, they aren't dead. Woohoo! Some of this might be because we followed instructions when planting and have good soil, but even with those measures taken, if you buy an unhealthy plant, it will die no matter how well you care for it. Also, we have a reputation around here for killing plants, so I am now convinced that Pesche's sells only healthy, hardy plants to its customers.Unfortunately, there's a lot of emphasis on and promotion of non-native, invasive plant species, just like at most garden centers around here. I understand the "tropical" department is really meant to be houseplants, but there were plants like Japanese Barberry that are meant to grow outside but are invasive and dangerous to grow in your yard, as they'll likely spread to other areas and crowd out native plants. They do also sell non-invasive alternatives to these plants--for example, Ninebark is similar--but I haven't seen employees actively promoting these better alternatives. In fact, there are signs encouraging people who want to attract hummingbirds and butterflies to purchase flowers from a list Pesche's has devised, and on that list are several invasive flowers alongside native species. I understand that there's a demand for these dangerous plants, but I feel like if garden centers actively promoted local species (and after talking with the staff when planning our own flowerbed, we know they are knowledgeable enough to do this), the demand for exotic invasive plants would decrease.Aside from that, Pesche's is a great place with a lot of history and a lot of inventory. Coyote problems? You can purchase humanely-harvested coyote urine to scare off the furry critters from a rack right underneath a picture of JFK taken when he was in the area for a parade. Need a trellis? There are many to choose from, and while you browse you can wonder if a German prisoner of war stood where you're standing during WWII , because down River Road a bit there once existed a prison camp who used Pesche's for their work program. (That's right, if you lived in Des Plaines in the 1940's and had flowers delivered to you, the delivery man may have been a Nazi spy.) Do you need window decals to decrease bird strikes? You can buy them here while contemplating the hard work and dedication that goes into handing a business like this down from generation to generation.This place gets crazy busy at certain times, and you'll see police directing traffic in and out of the parking lot. My advice? Stay away on those days. Somebody is likely to tackle you in a greenhouse over the last petunia tray on Mother's Day. You can come back next weekend; there will be more. In fact, if they don't have what you want, you can ask in person or call to find out when what you need will be in stock. We, for example, showed up two weeks before they put out their coneflower sproutings, and they told us exactly when to come back to get some.Overall, I'd like to give Pesche's five stars because I love family-owned businesses with excellent service and great inventory, but I don't think I can as long as they're encouraging people to buy plants that destroy local ecosystems and/or require excessive chemical fertilization and watering to survive in Illinois. Signs or pamphlets promoting something like xeriscaping instead could drum up just as much business without imperiling the environment.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,5/4/2011,28,222,5,3,4>I've eaten in enough airports to cringe at the thought of it.  Occasionally I'll find a little gem but this is above and beyond.  Typical Bayless quality and taste.  I took an early cab to the airport to make sure I had at least 30 minutes to grab a breakfast torta before heading to the tunnel to C.Walked right up to the counter, feeling sorry for all the people in the long queue next door at McDonalds.  I opted for the Eggs & Rajas and 10 minute wait for my food was probably less time then the McD's line.The bread is just as good as Xoco's and the peppers were great.  I'll fly United more often now just so I can eat here.As others have mentioned it 's located next to gate B11 in Terminal 1, just to the right of the tunnel to Concourse C.(BTW Yelp managed to completely mess up many of the reviews for both Tortas Frontera lbusiness listings at ORD, deleting my first review for the Terminal 3 location and then moving my original Terminal 1 location review to this business listing.  After 3 emails to support I gave up.  But I've eaten at both locations multiple times and they are both top-notch, so whether you are flying United or American you are covered for tasty Baylessness for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.)So here is the original review for THIS location:Terminal 1 no longer has a lock on the best food in the 60666 area code!  The new Terminal 3 location is nearly identical to the original but sits in a larger, more open space right across from the main food court in the K wing.Usually I only have time for a breakfast torta from the Terminal 1 location but tonight I had an hour to kill before my flight so I was able to actually sit down at the bar and try the Cochinita Pibil with a nice glass of Goose Island's made-for-Frontera brew called 'Marisol' which is a Latin-style white ale.The roasted habanero salsa that is served with the pork is no joke, don't even think about dunking the sandwich in it but just dab it on sparingly instead.  It's proper eye-watering spicy!  The torta bread is just as good as what they serve downtown at Xoco; has a nice crunch to the crust. The pork was excellent with just the right amount of moisture and the pickled red onions packed a sweet tangy flavor.Added a side order of chips and salsa which were really good too, other than being just a tad on the salty side, with margarita-sized salt grains baked into the chip.  The two salsas did not leave me wishing I had added the side of guacamole either as the tomatillo cilantro was a nice mild option and the chipotle salsa was super smoky with  nearly no spicy heat.Easily the best food I'll have this entire trip and it was in my home airport of all places.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,5/3/2011,42,56,4,3,3>It's fantastic! And I LOVE having a mom-and-pop ice cream parlor in my neighborhood. We frequent Brown Cow year round almost always after having dinner on Madison. Although I almost always get the peanut butter and chocolate, I occasionally try something new. Always good! Lately, I have been trying something new, then getting PB&C to go. Good news for my mouth, bad news for my ass.There also are a couple of rooms in the back, one of which has a stack of kids books. You can let a toddler run around worry-free or entertain him with a book. Good entertainment for a little one.Why not 5 stars, you ask? It's just a teeny bit pricey. I know it's worth it, but I've been there well over 25 times and I am still consistently taken aback by how much I spend every time. That said, it's not a deterrent!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,5/2/2011,204,392,6,8,6>Are you woman, do you purr?Sexy lingerie is my kryptonite and I can never say no to an undergarment that will make my skin sing. Baubo's Garden (which for those of you ...like yours truly who didn't know...is the goddess of mirth and a queen in her own right!) is tops.The very wise owner Eden is running a boutique filled with come hither materials that will make any eyes turn. Everything inside is meant to benefit you, your luscious curves and make you feel exceptional.I stalked Baubo's Garden and was way more excited than I should have been with the selections. After telling her what I was looking for, she became more of a godsend as more and more pieces were being plucked about for a fitting. As told, I am part of a rare group of women who likes the lace and no padding. The boutique did not disappoint, rather than direct me to a rack in the shop, she walked right with me and dug out sets that were in the description and then some.For this trip (which I plan on becoming a regular) I walked out with 1 silky set that leaves no lines, a fun print set with buttons and an elusive black number.As for other merch in the shop, there is a bit of everything for anyone. Basic sets in all colors, robes, nighties, jewlery. It's an all around boutique geared to make you feel sexy, comfortable and good about what's going on under that dress, sweater, etc. Seriously, cannot wait to see what is in store with this superb boutique. With first-class service and spicy undergarments you know the minute you wear anything purchased will give you that extra bounce and thrust in your strut in whatever outfit you're wearing.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,5/1/2011,65,419,,6,2>Just.  Wow.  Some friends had a Groupon for Zenwich so we decided to tag along.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much - this is a book that should not be judged by the cover.The service was extremely friendly even though we  came in about 10 minutes before closing.  A lot of places will rush you out - not here.  We were told to take our time - the guy working the counter (owner?) said he was glad we were there to enjoy the food.  Us, too!  I ordered the katsu pork sandwich and it was amazing.  The pork was perfectly cooked and crispy and the sauce...  Best sauce on a katsu anything that I've ever had before.  Just right spices and the slaw on top added to the crunch.  It was so good, I almost wished there was no end too it but at the same time it was very  much a "get in my belly!" experience.I also tried my husband's beef curry sandwich, which was like a tender pot roast with Japanese curry sauce - also really, really good, and our friends had the bulgogi and the mu ping sandwiches and they were both quite excellent.They were out of a couple items because it had apparently been a very busy day - that included the ciabatta bread that some of the sandwiches come on.  Definitely not a bad thing!We'll definitely be making another trip back to Zenwich - I can't think of anything like it in the area and good service along with good food is unbeatable!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,4/30/2011,288,304,6,7,5>Ok, it is known by many that I am a sucker for an "old person restaurant". I mean, c'mon....most likely creamy soup will be on the menu and you will always walk outta there with the feeling that youth is on your side. What's not to like about THAT?I've dined at the Rosewood MANY  times....our holiday parties are held here, most of our committee meetings are held here and I've lunched here often. You know what? It never disappoints. The Rosewood has offered up some solid food each and every time I've been here. For our work dinners we usually do the appetizer platters. Jimmy hooks our group up with plates of calamari, shrimp cocktail and brushetta. You can't really go wrong with any of these. Steaks are plentiful at our table and in some cases I've never seen such large pieces of meat...oh my! For lunch....we are a fans of the chopped salad and the crab cake sandwich. The california chicken club sandwich is also another solid choice. My only (slight) criticism is that the fries are those "coated" fries...you know what I'm talking about. Remember when BK "changed" their fries? Now they have this sort of "coating" on them. If you are a french fry connoisseur like me, you know what I'm talking about. ANYHOW, Rosewood's fries are like that. I'm not a huge fan. Last but not least - desserts. The apple purse. Dear GAWD....that apple purse is delicious. We ALWAYS have this at our holiday parties and every employee who orders it (and there are a lot of us) look forward to it.  Baked apples are tucked into a golden flaky pastry purse and served with a side of cinnamon ice cream. Y-U-M. For birthday's, Jimmy will bring ya HUGE whompin piece of white chocolate mousse cake with raspberry sauce. I'm not a huge cake person but THIS cake is delightful. The interior is nice and there is a bar area. The service has always been great and the food is pretty affordable. Definitly one of the better dining options in the Rosemont/DesPlaines area.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,4/29/2011,19,108,1,5,3>HONEST. COURTEOUS. TIMELY.  EVERYTHING I'VE ALWAYS WANTED AND NEVER EXPERIENCED WHEN HAVING WORK DONE ON MY CAR. PERSONALIZED SERVICE TAILORED TO MY NEEDS!!!Owner Mark Nofsinger really has the right idea about how to treat people.  He had a conversation with me, he explained things clearly and in terms I could understand.  He was extremely polite and helpful, and even funny!  The staff: very polite, helpful, and approachable with my specific questions.  From the mechanic (I believe his name was Mike) who did the estimate, test drove, and worked on my car (he, as well, explained things well and in a manner that I could clearly understand), to the guys that gave me a ride somewhere and back while my car was worked on, were all super nice and professional. The level of communication was perfect.  At all times, I was aware of what I did and did not need, and how much everything would cost.  There was no guessing game, no sales push for things I really didn't need. You know, being a woman, I sometimes believe that mechanics gamble on the fact that I don't know much about cars, and they could probably get away with charging me for things that I don't need.  It's really sad when someone tries to take advantage of you, but it happens.  As it did to me.  You see, I brought my car into a Midas shop first.  and they told me I needed things I didn't need.  The only way I could even sense it, was by the delivery of this information-  the guy sounded like he was lying (changed the subject when I asked a question, etc.).  So I got a second opinion. (of course, I Yelped mechanics in my area to find someone who had good reviews! Nofsinger's had all 5 star reviews...and I agree with that, and they're receiving 5 stars from me as well).  Anyways, Midas quoted me a price for "necessary" work for $1,100.  At Nofsinger's, I was told by the mechanic, "I'm not going to sell you anything you don't need".  He inspected the car, and determined I needed tie rod ends and an alignment.  I was experiencing some loud rotational noise, and Mark Nofsinger suggested rotating my tires to see if that would aide in noise reduction.  It did significantly.  In the end, I only paid $248 dollars, they let me know what things might need work on in the future (but were okay for now), and thanked me for my business.  NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE. I CAN'T WAIT TO TELL EVERYONE I KNOW ABOUT MY NEW MECHANIC.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,4/28/2011,144,184,2,6,6>Yum--how can anyone go wrong with baked goods! Seeing that I don't drink coffee---I just like to smell it--that wasn't the big draw for me----I had saw on another review that the Tiramisu was good and had to try it for myself.I bought the small and was surprise when the box that was handed to me was completely filled to the edges---guess that means I should share--and I did--hubby and I loved it--not too sweet at all and the coffee was just right so it wasn't too bitter. It was moist and just oh so good!I picked up a fruit tart as well since my kiddies are drawn to anything that has strawberries on them---Let me just say that this tart was heavenly.  The tart crust was moist and had a great marzipanish-almondy taste--not sure if those could be real flavors in there but that's what it tasted like to me.Next I figured I should pick up some freshly made bread---opted for the French bread and had it sliced---just on the car ride home the kiddies almost finished half the loaf---the crust was awesome (crispy and chewy) and the inside was so soft and fluffy!I really wanted to try some of the flourless chocolate cake and will definitely order ahead just to have some with the girlfriends, since they don't have it regularly available.The only thing that I would have liked to see was more signage of what all the goodies were--I felt bad having to ask what's that, what's this---the owner was more than happy to tell me--but would've liked to have known as I was looking around. For some of the items I couldn't have known with 100% certainty if it was a display piece or an actual item I could purchase (i.e. the red cookies in the cookie jar on the top shelf--had to ask cause the kiddies saw them and thought they were strawberry cookies LOL).  This place is definitely a gem.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,4/27/2011,2,152,4,8,9>I have now fallen in love with the Fish Tacos!! They are not on the regular menu, but you can order them all day long. The owner Manuel uses Tilapia for the fish tacos. Don't forget to order a bottle of coke...they have the Mexican coke that uses real sugar and not that high fructose crap. What a better day than today (Cinco De Mayo) to go support the best Mexican restaurant in the world! haaahaaa...ok ok, McHenry County. If you go, tell Manuel you found out about his hidden restaurant through Yelp. He doesn't advertise, so he will be very happy to hear. Enjoy!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,4/26/2011,98,71,4,3,4>Hole in the Wall is a true name for this little gem of a shop.  It is smaller than the bed of a pickup truck.  The line generally trails down Oak Park Ave for almost a block, and like you would expect...where there is demand....there are good eats.  The yogurt here is fantastic.  They serve only soft serve here, you can pick from : Vanilla, Chocolate or swirl.  I think they also had a special flavor of strawberry.  Then you have the option of getting your cone dipped in: Chocolate, Vanilla, Butterscotch, Peanut Butter or Strawberry.    They also have ice cream truck type treats available (different popsicles and ice cream cookie sandwiches.) I went with a medium sized swirl cone dipped in butterscotch.  The cone was fresh, and it was a very nice summer treat.  I did have a little bit of a melting catastrophe as we took a stroll eating our cones..the sticky hands and ice-cream face were well worth it.   Next time I have to remember: More napkins.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,4/25/2011,60,84,6,5,5>I am finally reviewing this place after holding back because I was afraid to jinx the awesome with a killer review.  Grumpy Bulldog, I want to go steady.  You are my local.  It just isn't the same elsewhere.Sorry if that was awkward, but it needed to be said.The tap is a constantly changing tapestry (Hah! I made a funny) of delicious craft beers.  I enjoy finding something new with every visit.  There is something new each time because I am not an alcoholic, yet.The food is also delicious, be it munchies or an entire meal.  I have yet to have something that I did not enjoy.  Special love goes out to the mac and cheese which is creamy, cheesy delicious.  Stop by, sit at the bar near the tap and enjoy!
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,4/24/2011,172,208,7,4,2>I will refrain from using Jersey Shore parodies to describe what a good sub spot this is.  To me this franchise has better, fresher tasting sammiches than Subway and Jimmy Johns. My fav cold sub is the Super Sub with ham, prosciutto, cappacoulo, and provolone. While the best hot sub to me is the Jersey Mikes Famous Philly...you simply can't beat steak, grilled onions, and melted cheeeeeese.This location is sort of hidden since it's not on the main strip, but its right behind the Jamba Juice in case you are wondering. This place gets extremely busy during the lunch rush but the line moves along fairly quickly. If you are sick of the bland subs at other spots then definitely give Jersey Mikes a try.  It is way better than Subway and a couple notches better than Jimmy Johns in my humble opinion. Whew...I actually wrote a review about Jersey Mikes without referring to Jersey Shore...I'm proud of myself *fist pump*. Wait the fist pump doesn't count does it???  Oh well, I gave it a try.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/23/2011,42,10,4,6,3>I do love this place! I recommend it to anyone who likes real Indian food. I mean with the heat and flavor that Indian food is supposed to have. Need I say more?I guess I should. From a service perspective it is just as good as the food. There is always someone coming around to ask you what you need. I don't think I have ever been there where the Manager hasn't been to our table to either ask us how we were doing or to take our order because he saw that we were ready. This restaurant is truly for everyone. You can tell them how hot or mild you want it and they will actually listen to you but not at the expense of the flavor. I've been there with just my boyfriend and myself and had a super spicy lamb vindaloo that was amazing. Next time we went back with his family, who likes milder food, and they accommodated the same dish to their liking and it was still amazing. This is one of my favorite dishes to order at Indian restaurants and they really lived up to my standards.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,4/22/2011,18,32,3,8,3>I can't believe I'm just now finding out about this place.  But now that I have, let me just say...chocolate heaven.  I called on a day when they were closed -- but the shop owner had forwarded the line to her cell phone and indicated she'd meet me at the shop if I wanted to come in.  I'll be honest, I initially took that as a really bad sign -- just wasn't sure how  good they could be if they were that (what I assumed to be) desperate for business.  Nevertheless, an hour later I walked into the shop (you'll notice I use the word 'shop' versus 'store' -- this place is TINY so it just seems fitting) and it was at that point that I knew my relationship with downtown Forest Park would never be the same.  Bought a bunch of truffles so intricately designed you almost hate to eat them...until you do, at which point you decide that, work of art or not, they just taste too sinfully delicious to not devour them.  Since it was my first time in, she gave me a free sample of their signature French cremes...something I've since found myself dreaming about.  So good in fact, that I asked for four to take home and the shop owner, bless her chocolate-covered heart, gave me all four at no charge!  This place is pretty much one of the best hidden gems ever.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,4/21/2011,55,299,3,4,3>FYI: This is not a restaurant that you can dine in. It's merely TAKE OUT Thai/Chinese food. This place is pretty awesome! So far, I've ordered Pad Thai, Panang Curry, and General Tso' Chicken. I'm not positive, but I think the owners are Thai, which is a very good sign, if they're selling Thai food! COST: The prices here are very reasonable for most all their dishes. It's relatively cheap - it probably helps because they are not a restaurant. I have a feeling that they're knocking off $1-2 their dishes because it's take out food (as compared to a nice, fancy sit-down restaurant). Not only are their prices reasonable, but they are also pretty generous with their portions. It's all very reasonable...AMBIANCE: It's like a hole-in-the-wall. Once you walk into the store, you're in front of their counter and you can see their kitchen, where they're cooking all the food. It's really nothing fancy or glamorous, but that really does NOT matter! (as long as it is not dirty) Every time I'm there, the lady/person cooking is always washing the wok and the stove area with water ... between meals and all... so it was good to see. She was very thorough because she kept cleaning and cleaning (or so I thought). FOOD: The Pad Thai and the Panang Curry was delicious! I can't give you any details because it's been awhile, but I remember thinking that I will definitely order from here again. The General Tso's was good, but not a "WOW" meal, ya know? It was just .... fine. Side Note: I went twice within the past couple of months. They must have had their children there. They were really cute helping out the 'rents with orders, etc. I asked the little girl what her favorite dish was out of the whole restaurant, and she chose Pad Thai. The little boy said his was the General Tso' (i think), which was why I ordered that the last time. Since they or their parents or whoever owns it, I figure they can eat anything and everything on the menu and know what's best.... it won't hurt to ask them!CONCLUSION: I will go back to this place again..and again.. and again... Just gotta let time pass in between because Thai/Chinese food is "heavy"...!!!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,4/20/2011,51,246,5,8,3>We didn't really do our research with Vie. We heard it was good, yelpers were fans, and hey, the chef won Iron Chef. Deal was on. Hubby surprised me with a "Let's celebrate the weekend" reservation to Vie and off we went to our adventure to...Western Springs. It's near the Metra station in a nondescript building. Parking is street or in a lot across from the building. We went in, was seated immediately, and was given a good few minutes to settle in with our menus. Our waitress was very supportive with our endless questions and wavering between..tasting menu or to not tasting menu tonight? She even went into the kitchen to check how our preferences worked with the tasting menu that the chef had planned. After all that, we decided to just order on our own. amuse bouche: chilled shot of pureed melon with a squirt of jalapeno gelee-great opener, refreshing with a kick of spice at the back of the throat. I do prefer salty openers, but this was playful and fun.appetizer: pork shoulder-nice blend of shredded pork/carmelized onions/arugula/grapes..nothing uber special, but it was simple and was a great appetizer, flavors were well defined and melded well together.Salads-heirloom tomatoes with fried curds and watermelon salad. Both were very pleasant. The tomatoes were a good mix of green, pink and red, so you could go from tart to sweet and pair it with the salty curds. That being said, the curds were a bit salty. The watermelon salad was brilliant: it really exemplified what I liked about Vie...the ingredients and flavors are allowed to be independent and raw (eg not candied, foamed, etc etc). The watermelon was thinly sliced and then the carrots formed a pile on them, with the proscuitto layered on top of that. Pecorino and almonds were sprinkled about, small enough to not overpower, but large enough that you can figure out that the 'perfect" bite, would include all of the above. And when you did, you got the juice of the melon, salt from the cured meat,sweetness of the carrots,  texture from the nutty cheese, and crunch of the almond. It works in your mouth in a decisive manner...and that what is I appreciate about this place. But more on that later.Entrees: ribeye and chicken two way. Ribeye was cooked perfectly, and the sides followed suit. The meat was flavorful, juicy and the potatoes rounded out the comfort dinner plate. The chicken came fried and also crab cake like. The fried chicken was juicy and spiced well, very delish. The crab cake like chicken was shredded chicken that was formed into a square patty and then pan fried...parts of it tasted like pork. Both went well with the creamed corn, but the corn was a tad too sweet and was polar with the salty chicken. Dessert: butter cake with blueberries, and a scoop each of lemon/blueberry sorbet, triple vanilla ice cream and smore ice cream. The butter cake (man, how can you go wrong with those two words together?), was delightfully rich...all in all like a dissectted buttery blueberry tart with ice cream. Without the butter cake, it would just be blueberry mush. ;-) Went well with house blend of coffee. The sorbet was much more blueberry than lemon, almost to the point where I wondered if the lem-on was lem-off the slurry. The sorbet ended up being gelatinous and not icy enough. Lucky for them I love blueberry, but it really was a sloppy sorbet. The smore ice cream was not overly chocolaty and the marshmellows made just the right amount of appearances. Winner here: the vanilla--extremely full and heavy cream flavor, and if  you like the bean-y vanilla...it's in there too. Service was spot on that Friday night: water never went less than half full, dirty utensils were quickly swiped away, plates magically disappeared the minute I finished, our waitress was attentive but gave us our space, and when was the last time someone called me miss or mademoiselle? With a smile?The five stars was for the whole package, where the ingredients are local and the food is decisive and honest, no tricks or camouflage to make them work. The food just works. Another plus: city dining without the city lookers...sometimes I just want a place to go and get good food, no hassle with onlookers, seen to be seen, stared down by the waitstaff because, hey, we don't order alcohol.  Our waitress even found a way to make our check LESS, reminding us of the dine around deal. Real food, real people..done really well. That is why we are going to come back...;-).
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,4/19/2011,83,281,4,5,4>What a fun place to see a minor league ball game. The tickets are very affordable. Parking is a breeze and FREE!There are a lot of food options and the pricing is very reasonable.With a ballgame there comes the delicious beer that's usually a small cup for a lot of money but not here. There's a wide variety of draft and bottled beers at a reasonable price.Is drinking Two Brothers beer a necessity for a ball game? Nope but it sure is nice.The only downside is the food and drink is cash only. Luckily, there are a handful of ATMs scattered throughout to readily prepare you for tasty snacks and drinks.There are always family-friendly events set up which makes it a great experience for everyone. You can usually see fireworks, run the bases or get autographs from players.If you haven't gone and you like baseball - it's worth going. And if you have kids, it's a lot of easy, inexpensive fun. Best part, if they lose, you aren't vested into the team or have to deal with the crowds like you might at a Cubs game.So...go. You'll have fun.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,4/18/2011,280,274,10,11,8>Viva La Huerta!Who would've thought La Huerta would find itself in the midst of an intense trade-off calculation between living in River North versus Northwest Suburb of Geneva???River North had bars and restaurants and shopping and everything else a guy in his 30's would want.BUT Geneva has Bien Trucha and La Huerta.In the 'restaurant' section:$1.50-$1.99 Tacos!!! (I can knock back 6 easily!)al carbonpastorlenguaasada (comes with hot sauce and limes)Guacamole and chipsBurritoTortaBeware of garlic though.In the retail section:House-made ChorizoChihuahua CheeseCotijaQueso FrescoSmall flour tortillasHouse-made Red Chile Salsa House-made Green Chile SalsaHouse-made GuacHouse-made Tortilla ChipsI traded in my rooftop pool and BBQ patio for a real backyard with the gf. La Huerta lets me bring a little Mejico into our backyard. Point on scoreboard for Burbs.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,4/17/2011,4,63,4,2,3>It is difficult to rate Mexican these days, as one might imagine.  The little mom and pop places have been popping up every other block so I kind of gave up trying them all.  Besides, I'm not coming home at 4am anymore.  I'm in bed at a decent hour and, well, sober.  BUT.... when on the occasion when I am indeed suffering from 'Irish Arthritis' (that's where you get stiff in a different joint every night, for those of you who don't know) I usually focus on late-night Mex joints to eat. Admittedly, Hacienda Cocula is close to home, still they have a full menu and the original is in the HOOD in the city near Pilsen.  I'm not too crazy about their burritos. I'll reserve that for El Farol, hands down.  But, Hacienda does well with their upper price meals. The steak dishes are excellent, and reasonable. Salsa is another indicator for me if I choose to gravitate to a place and Hacienda Cocula has a nice, spicey saucey salsa with great chips.  They also make a stellar Guac. A sit down place, clean, but somewhat lacking in warmth because, I think, the lights are a tad too bright at night (hurts the Irish Arthritic eyes,  dontcha know), and the constant blaring of the two televisions broadcasting Telemundo.  Lunch time is mostly Guerro clientelle, and I like to catch the news (in English, por favor) but I feel funny asking the staff to change to Linda Yu. So, I settle for Telemundo, and occasionally will ask for interpretation from the waitress as to why someone is walking with a burro through a bedroom (on telemundo, not hacienda).   I do ask them to turn the volume down, occasionally. The TV is definitely annoying.  But, I digress.  The food is good, with a good presentation.  The service is prompt and excellent.  For the LaGrange area I think it is a good introduction into the Mexican cuisine and culture for the locals without scaring them too, too much.  Pilgrim Americans when venturing out of their comfort zones with ethnic cuisine certainly like to feel that an establishment is clean and sanitary as soon as they walk in; a fine line in this arena with Pilgrims. But I think they will find their sensory perceptions to be satisfied at Hacienda Cocula.  Cafe' Salsa can wait. Bring the family.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,4/16/2011,123,413,3,4,4>Ah memories of this place a couple years ago...were not so good. One shining star was the Irish chips with bleu cheese sauce. When I heard there was a location in Aurora, I was thrilled. But that location always lacked something in the atmosphere and the food. It never lived up to this location.So Friday I decided to come back and I'm so glad I did. Of course, I ordered the chips. So simple, yet so perfect. With a side of bleu cheese, the chips were as good as I remember them. Along with a Guinness and Guinness BBQ sandwich, it made for a perfect way to cap off a hard work week.I love the atmosphere in here as well. Patrons are laughing, the staff is friendly and even a guy on stage playing a guitar. What's not to love about that? And did I mention a Jameson whiskey flight for $18??? Hmmm.I'm so happy I gave this place another try and I will be back in the future.BTW, there is a parking garage in behind the building. It closes at 2am, but still plenty of places available for prime drinking hour.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/15/2011,171,190,3,5,4>YUM.  My company will be hosting a client event here in May, and my partner and I went there last week to do some "research" before we booked the event.  While it was pretty dead for lunch (it's a HUGE place, so a dozen or so patrons still made it look empty), the food was awesome.  I had the tilapia, which was so friggin good, I wanted another plate.  That will definitely be on the menu for our event!I forget what the side was called, but it was a mix of veggies, includin zucchini and squash, and everything thrown was mighty tasty.  I could prob eat a whole plate of just those vegetables!While we were talking to our server about the client event, the guys at the table next to us gave us a raving review of everything, as they have their annual holiday party there - completely unsolicited testimonial, but very welcomed.  They couldn't say enough things about the place.The private room upstairs holds about 60 people, has its own bar AND FIREPLACE!, and is completely separated from the rest of the restaurant so there isn't any outside noise.I'll report back after our client event.  Stay tuned!  Until then, get off your computer and go to Costa's!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,4/14/2011,213,305,12,9,6>Classic Mix = Cheddar cheese popcorn mixed with caramel popcorn.  For the uninitiated, it sounds like an unholy alliance, but I swear to you that it's for real.Like, FOR REAL for real, you know what I'm saying?  I think you do.The only thing that prevents me from awarding them five stars is the fact that you practically have to sell a kidney in order to afford their popcorn: a one-gallon tin will set you back about $25.  A little pricey, but totally worth it.  And yes, you'll need to be buying it by the gallon.  You're welcome.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,4/13/2011,116,200,5,6,4>Been meaning to try Just Kabobs for a few weeks now, didn't get a chance until tonight but the wait was well worth it!I welcome anything that isn't yet another burrito joint or chain restaurant in this corner of the suburbs so I was very happy to see El Pollo Loco replaced by this Greek place. Never liked that chicken joint anyway and there are plenty of bad memories associated with it so I'm glad it's gone. I swung by this evening and picked up an order of their skordalia ($2.75, goooood), a beef kabob plate ($5.99 great) and some rice pudding ($1.75 decent). Their skordalia is very good. Cold pureed potatoes with onions and garlic served with pita to scoop it up with, garnished with kalamata olives. Not everyone was a fan but having had it at Pick Me Up before this stands up as just as good and local! So bully ho for skordalia. I think kabobs and I picture tough cubes of leather that I have to chew for 5 minutes before reluctantly swallowing. This was anything but. Tender, moist and so, so flavorful. I got two skewers served over delicious pilaf with a pair of roasted potatoes. A chunky salad accompanied it, nothing special there. The main event was definitely that meat. Perfectly seasoned and cooked, delicious. The rice pudding? Standard issue, nothing to write home about but I'm a big fan of this place. Service was very friendly and quick, I'll definitely return.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,4/12/2011,771,552,7,8,7>I think that in order for a Mexican restaurant to truly be considered Mexi-CAN it HAS to have good salsa. Guess who had good salsa???(pointing at Taco Diner), that's right, TACO DINER! It's a small little joint with about 10 tables. I imagine they get most of their business from take out. The first thing I noticed is the cleanliness and the Baños sign. Not Bathrooms, Baños. Awesome.  You order and pay at the front, then they bring the food. They start you off with ridiculously addicting Chips y Salsa. I had to have a sope, since you don't find those in the burb's, it was pretty good but I've definitely have had better. So I'll skip those next time. I also ordered 2 steak flautas and 1 chicken flauta. Topped with some lettuce, sour cream and their red salsa...... DAAAYYYUMMM. Nuff said. I tried my friends steak enchiladas and I could not believe how delicious they were. I've never had steak enchiladas. It was all in the juicy, moist, delicious beef. The men had tacos, which looked pretty delicious topped with their cilantro and onion and a squirt of lime. The prices are a little on the high side; $30 for 2 of us. The service though, was outstanding.They knew my friend since she goes there often. Good thing I don't live out there, otherwise they'd know my name too.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,4/11/2011,57,59,2,4,4>I finally got to make into Taka Sushi last night and my experience with them was great. They're right off 59th Street in Naperville, IL and really easy to find.The owner and his employees were very friendly and they even did a custom order for me without an extra fee. The store is small, but cozy with a lot of fun details, centered around a seafood theme. (The hand-painted signs for the freezer look really nice!)I got the shrimp crunch sushi, sans avocado and plus cream cheese, and my boyfriend got the california rolls. Both sushi pans were delicious and he got a TON of rolls for a reasonable price. One thing I did want to throw in was that when we walked in, I saw that they offered Pocky and got really excited because I hadn't had it in awhole. My boyfriend had said that he had never tried the glory that is Pocky Sticks, much to my disappointment.While waiting for our order to made, the woman at the main grill opened up a Pocky Box and gave us a whole bag to sample (my boyfriend was able to save 3 sticks before I devoured the rest of them like a starving peasant.) I thought it was such a great attitude to take toward new customers and I really enjoyed my experience there. I will definetly vist again and will recommend them to everyone.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,4/10/2011,91,73,1,7,5>Chocolate, Chocolate, and MORE Chocolate!When Anna Shea's Chocolates and Lounge opened up in South Barrington, I was totally drawn in by the idea of a "chocolate LOUNGE".  I love chocolate! This quaint, cute chocolate shop was originally located in Tarrytown, New York and owned by Anna Shea.  I am thankful that she moved it to South Barrington and she had quite a following over there too.Anna studied to be a chocolatier in Finland and her bon bons are like little works of art!   Everytime I go to Anna Shea's (which is as often as I can!) all the new people who come into the chocolate shop are amazed at how cute and artistic their bons bons are.  They have a lot of exotic bon bons that you would not find anywhere else.  For example, they have their "By the Fire" bon bon filled with a Cognac Caramel and their "Cosmopolitan" filled with a Cranberry Vodka Ganache.My favorites are:Jewel of the Nile - Walnut Butter, Black Walnut Liquer and Cinnamon in Milk ChocolateKrystle's Banana Foster - Banana CaramelHanna Paulina - Coconut GiandujaMon Cheri - Cherry Cordial in Milk ChocolateMy Precious - Cinnamon CaramelScott's Peanut Butter - Peanut Butter & Milk Chocolate (also my husband's favorite!)andHazelnut - Hazelnut GanacheThey routinely put out special bon bons for the holidays like Valentines Day and St. Patrick's Day.If you think that Anna Shea's ONLY about artsy bon bons, then you are WRONG because it is SO MUCH MORE!  They have quite a menu of hot drinks, wines, dessert martinis, and even cheese plates to indulge in.Items of note from their menu are the Chocolate and Wine Pairings where you can get two classic bon-bons of your choice and a glass of wine.  If you prefer the coffee/hot chocolate route, they have items such as Frozen Hot Chocolates, Chocolate Based Chai Tea, and Ultimate Mocha Latte. (Which I totally recommend!)They have other unique chocolate experiences such as a Chocolate Fondue for two and for the little ones, the Princess Tea for Two. As well as an variation of White, Dessert, and Sparkling Wines for those not wanting to go the chocolate overload route. :)If you truly want to dive into the velvet brown lusciousness of chocolate, try their Liquid Truffle Sipping Chocolate.  It is much like the drinking chocolates that are a bit thick and like an EXTREME hot chocolate, but OH SO MUCH BETTER! :)  Try one if you dare!  I dare you!Can you tell I've been here WAY TOO MUCH for my own good?  Heh heh....anyway....They also carry Gourmet Cupcakes from Foiled Cupcakes, which are yummy and Chocolate Covered Strawberries too! YUM!  I'm only done with the chocolate shop area as far as this review goes, but if you step through the double doors into the comfy lounge that Anna Shea's has you will not be disappointed!Anna Shea's is my "go to" place for a Girls Night Out after dinner.  We sit, we consume yummy chocolates and just chat.  They have two large couch areas, which can be reserved for special occassions. (Valentines Day, Anniversary, or Date Night Out) When the weather is warm, they have outdoor seating, if you prefer to enjoy the nice weather day or night.  Their staff is friendly, courteous and accomodating.  You just order and pay at the front and then take a seat and relax as the staff brings your delectible delights right to you.  On CUTE CUTE plates and ADORABLE cups too! :)  I'm all for the cute factor! :) Just a warning though, if you are on a budget, or will like have a fit over a $2.00 bon-bon, then, do not go to Anna Shea's Chocolates.  South Barrington is basically a town that is full of large million dollar mansions and the shops in the Arboretum are "upscale".  It is a bit pricey, but I think it is TOTALLY worth it for that once-in-a-while indulgence or special occasion.  If you want to score brownie points with your girlfriend/wife, take her here, if she loves chocolate...she will love you even more!Anyway, enough gushing about this place, you, yes you there reading my review....get into your car.....drive to Anna Shea's (during business hours of course!) and get yourself some awesome chocolates!You will not be let down and you will think you are in a chocolate paradise!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,4/9/2011,257,283,6,7,6>Things to consider:1- I have never in my life set foot in a tanning salon before.2- I have great disdain for the general lifestyle that would involve tanning. Soooo... how did I find myself in the AH's lovely Maui Tan? I'd say it was a combo of missing summers (summer trips to South America = WINTERtime for them) and this crappy "it's so sunny out but secretly only looks that way and is freezing and ridic blustery" weather. I needed some zing. Additionally, they have great online coupons; one through Yelp and the other on their site is $5 for 5 sessions (on consecutive days). So while I won't be going five times, it's still super cheap. I bought their nice face/tanning/anti-aging (is that an oxymoron?) lotion, the weird $3 eyeglasses, and it was all around $25 total. Fortunately it was slow when I went, because I asked Jason every question that came to mind as he gave me a quick tour, from, "Is 5 minutes at level 5 the same as 10 minutes at a level 2?" (notsomuch) to the merits of the $250 bottle of tanning lotion (hahahaha). For you professional tanners, they have everything from a level 5 bed with aromatherapy, an iPod dock, and a full-on air conditioning system to that super fancy Obsidian or Black Throttle or whatever the name was lotion. For the newbies like me, they are very patient, clean, and affordable. Once I relaxed, I liked the sunny feel. :) While I feel more encouraged to find a nude beach than to become a salon regular, I *will* be back during the next few days to cash in on my deal once...or maybe even twice...more.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,4/8/2011,37,247,2,19,14>I sincerely hope Mel and Mars "makes it." It's tucked away but it's just a stone's throw from Randall road. What's most endearing about this place is that the owner is really, truly passionate about his work. He's enthusiastic about bringing quality ingredients to a demographic that, in my opinion, is inundated with run-of-the-mill chain restaurants. That, in itself, is admirable. The sweet potato soup is great. The pear/walnut salad was pretty good. Where else can you get beignets in McHenry county?!  Imagine all this...at reasonable prices...with the ease of taking it to go.  Try it out!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,4/6/2011,100,80,3,5,6>Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmy!I went here the other day with my family for my birthday brunch.  It was everything I expected and more.  We started the brunch off with some mimosas, but I wasn't in the mood to drink any because I was hungover from the night before.  LOL.  I got the coffee which was absolutely delicious.  I am pretty sure there is cocaine in their coffee cause I am not a coffee drinker and I loved their coffee.  The food was delicious and fresh.  I started off with the fresh fruits and cold tapas they had.  I loved the garlic potato salad.  ORGASMIC.  The fruits were perfect.  The shrimp and the sauce was good too.  Next, moved onto the hot tapas.  They all tasted good, but the BACON WRAPPED DATES were to die for.  I tried the prime rib which was pretty good as well.  If you have little ones, they have a table with hotdogs/hamburgers for them to eat.  WARNING: stay away from the bread as it will fill you up to quickly!The only reason I gave this place 4 stars was because the dessert was very disappointing IMO.  I got some kind of chocolate cake which was REALLY dry.  I took two bites and I was done.  The rest of the desserts were kind of really sad too.  All in all, I would def go back here for their great food (minus dessert) and great service.  Thank you Meson Sabika for a great birthday brunch!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,4/5/2011,16,58,1,4,3>If you're a sushi freshman, this place is perfect for you! Habachi backup with great service for those not interested in sushi. Knowledagble server staff with great sushi recommendations. The spicey crab role was actually spicey! Spicey roles are usually mild or not spicey at other sushi bars - Shinto delivers! Don't let the spciey crab role scare you, there are so many other wonderful sushi rolls to pick from. The Habachi chefs are very friendly. You DO NOT get that rushed feeling that you would at other Habachi "bars". We've been to this place roughly five times and find ourselves spending two hours easily relaxing over good sushi, good drinks, good service, and a great place to spend time with friends. Shinto has easily become my favorite place in DuPage. Only one problem to note and I'm certain this is more for the landlord/property owner which Shinto likely is not. Please talk to the property manager and have the lighting fixed in the parking lot.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,4/4/2011,105,229,9,11,9>Lip Smacking is all I can say about Eggstasy! Oh yea and naughty too....You know just looking  at the name  the owners are naughty for sure.The Justin Timberlake shout out on the wall proves it too. Just the fact that eggstasy puts the egg in seggxy proves that they make sexy good food. The food is fresh and unique.When you enter you are nicely greeted by of course a waitress ready to seat you,but besides that a freshly squeezed orange juice machine.It awesome! The put oranges in and you can watch them get the guts squeezed out of them.I'm not a huge fan of juices but I sure had to try the O.J. after seeing that machine. The walls are donned with cutie pie chickens sitting in brightly painted boxes.So cute!On to the foodie experience. One of my favorite things restaurants can do to earn a star right off the bat is provide me with my own carafe of water! I love it I love it I love it! Oh yea I really love it when places do it like Eggstasy and make it cucumber water! Yummy and refreshing. The menu is very large and has tons of unique items.The first time I went I ordered the veggie omelete with one pancake and one piece of toast, The pancake was amazing! The omlete fluffy and full of tasty veggies. This past time I branched out and let me tell you it turned out to be a tasty branch,I got the sundried tomato,goat cheese,and pin nut fritatta on a bed of well done hashbrowns. It was by far the best Fritatta I have ever had! So creamy and pin nutty!The prices are good-frittata 9.95 not bad at all
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,4/3/2011,122,412,3,4,3>This festive Latin American restaurant has become one of our go-tos in the burbs when in the mood for delicious Latin food.The atmosphere is lively and electric, just like a fiesta shoud be.  Great drinks always - they make a mean caiparainha here.  The food is always consistently good.Last night we had ceviche and shared the seared tuna, which came with plaintains and veggies, and it was light and yummy.  That's what I really enjoy about their preparation style - using the lively flavors of citrus, fruits, and spices, they prepare fish and meat simply and allow the tastes to mingle for a succulent meal.  I also dig that they are very vegetarian friendly - they have a fairly extensive vegetarian menu, including a delicious acorn squash stuffed with rice and goat cheese - mmm!  And they list on the back of the vegetarian menu diet restrictions of each entree - very helpful for those with allergies or gluten sensitivities.The best thing about Maya is their gorgeous courtyard patio, complete with firepits, arbors, trees and flora.  I cannot wait till spring to enjoy a night out there - they'll even supply blankets to cozy up under when there is a chill in the air.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,4/2/2011,294,135,9,8,7>Oh, Prasino, how I love you so. If you were a woman, I'd have my way with you, and would quite possibly be inclined to marry you. Suburbanites do not need to make the trek to Chicago if they wish to dine at a trendy & modern organic restaurant, Prasino in St Charles has got it all, and then some. With clean lines, a chic urban look, just the right lighting to set the mood at night, and a soundtrack made of trendy house music, Prasino creates the perfect atmosphere for dinner with friends or with a date. Modern, trendy, posh, swanky--whatever you want to call it--the stylish look and feel of this place is very appealing, and I like it... A LOT. But enough about how much I like the atmosphere in this place. On to the deliciousness that fills this place! We started off with the Mozzarella Risotto Cakes and The Farm. The risotto cakes had a nice texture and were full of flavor, the tomato sauce that came with them was great compliment to the cakes and not too overpowering. The Farm, a whole wheat flat bread, was like a small cheese pizza that was big on flavor and deliciousness. The feta, goat cheese, and truffle honey came together just perfectly with the golden melted mozzarella that topped it all. I liked it so much I was tempted to order another one! Our starters did not stop our insatiable appetite for deliciousness. We needed to move on to the entree portion of the menu. I ordered the Roasted Half Amish Chicken, my date ordered the Butternut Squash Ravioli. She tried some of mine, I tried some of hers, both were delicious. The chicken was roasted to perfection--full of flavor, golden on the outside, and juicy & tender on the inside. I really liked the roasted beets that the chicken was served on, I think they went well together. The Butternut Squash Ravioli was great too. The Parmesan on it wasn't too overpowering and normally I like sauce with ravioli, but but there was no need for sauce with the sage brown butter that was on it. For dessert she had the chocolate molten lava cake and I had the coffee panna cotta. The molten lava cake was great, as they usually are, but I believe that molten lava cake is passe. I think of it as the quiche of the 2000's and I didn't expect to see it on Prasino's dessert menu. Now, I'm not a big fan of coffee, but I am a HUGE fan of panna cotta, so when I saw that they had coffee panna cotta I just had to have it! The coffee panna cotta was simply divine--it's smooth, creamy, and melts in your mouth. The presentation of the panna cotta was nice too: panna cotta off to one corner of the rectangular plate with a thin chocolate wafer set in the top of it and some walnuts covered in some sweet coating scattered across the rest of the plate and drizzled in a caramel/coffee sauce. It was a dessert for the eyes and foodporn for the tastebuds. I am officially a fan of Prasino in St Charles. It has a great atmosphere, a green approach to operating the restaurant, a delicious menu with plenty of choices that are vegan/vegetarian/gluten-free, and excellent service, all of which could easily earn a solid 10 star rating, but Yelp only allows me to hand out 5 at a time. So, for now, I'll give Prasino the first 5 stars, then I'll give them the other 5 stars when I return for another foodgasm.Holla!!!™
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,4/1/2011,288,400,3,4,4>Looking for extremely delicious Vietnamese food in the suburbs? This is the place to go! They have a wide varieties of Pho (noodle soup), to Banh Mi (sandwiches), to Com Gia (rice dishes)!The Pho is very tasty and flavorful, has a generous amount of noodles and meat (beef slices, beef flanks), among other things. I love getting it during the winter because its warms you up during those cold days.The Com Ga (fried baby hen with white rice and a side of broth) is to die for! The baby hen is marinated overnight then its deep fried and all the seasoning is soaked into  the meat. This is one of my favorite dish because its extra crispy and flavorful.The Com Ba Luc Lac (diced marinated beef with green and red peppers and onions, and side of broth with thinly sliced onions) is one of my friend's favorite because this also has a lot of flavor and the beef is cook to perfection.Now on to the sandwiches, the bread is warm and crispy when it's served. The selection is vast. You can get chicken, grilled pork, or various meat. I highly recommend them.Overall, I've never had a bad experience and I haven't been there enough to try everything, but I greatly recommend this place and the price is cheap! You can get an entire meal for under $10!
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,3/31/2011,106,183,6,8,5>I'm confused. Where's the cigarette smoke? Jordache jeans? Someone wearing a Michael Jackson-type jacket? Oh, wait, it's not actually the 1980's it just seems that way. This place is appropriately dingy, as any arcade worth its salt should be, although as an old brawd the mold/dust count made me a bit wheezy. They have a good selection of games lined up back to back to back. I do have a complaint about the lighting, as it seemed every game I played had a glare from the hanging lights. Maybe for shorter people it's not as bad, but it really bugged me. The private party room was clean, organized, and the staff was more than willing to come in and show us how make things work or how to play a certain game. Fantastic customer service. Seriously. Basically, if you're looking for something different to do at a cheap cost, then check out the arcade, however I'd suggest wearing really comfy shoes. I know better for next time.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,3/30/2011,49,309,8,8,10>Loved it.I literally just arrived back home from our dinner at the BL and was so impressed that I had to write about our experience immediately.First, a little background. We lived in Germany for 6 months, so we had our fair share of German cuisine. I think we're pretty good judges. I also took the advice of fellow yelpers and read the website before going. Seriously, read the FAQ page. It's just about hilarious. I could tell right then and there that Germans ran the place. I could also tell that authentic Germans ran the place judging on how infrequently they are open.Okay, so my mom is sitting next to me right now and telling me what to write. She's poetic: "It took me back to Wurtzburg Castle when we had the best kraut ever..."Anyway. Here's the deal. The sausage isn't exactly the Thuringer we were used to, but it was good enough. The potatoes of all kinds were good. We had boiled, mashed, German potato salad, and fries. Basically, we tried them all. The sausage was extremely large for the price of about $15. Awesome deal.We had two different beers: Spaten dunkel and another one... can't remember. Clearly I had the dunkel and it was awesome. They have INCREDIBLE beers and quite the selection.My mom had the goulash and we ordered an extra side of sauerkraut because NO ONE has been able to top what we had in Germany. While this still doesn't top what we're used to, it does taste about 85% close to what we love. Oh, and was it worth the $3 for it!I can't wait to go back and we're surely bringing more people to experience the goodness. They've been in business 24 years (according to their menu) and I asked the waiter if the owners were German. He said, "Uh, OH yeah"-- apparently the owner passed away but his son has taken over the throne. Even the waiter was German-- but not all of them are there. That was just a coincidence. Blah blah... I won't shut up, will I? Enjoy. You'll love the experience.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,3/29/2011,341,162,7,5,5>To the Yelp-mobile, boyfriend! We don't reaaally have a yelp-mobile... but we do have a Ford FUC-us, a mobile app search, and two hungry tummies growling for breakfast. Which lead us right to Jam N Jelly. This place is hard to find. It's on the far corner in a strip mall and only reads RESTAURANT in green on the building. It does say Jam N Jelly Cafe on the door but we didn't see that until we got closer. Deceiving, and the reason I don't think we were ready for this jelly. This Cafe was just too delicious for us babe! The food was lookin' hot and smellin' good! The menu had an abundance of mouth watering choices, but I had to go with the bananas foster Belgian waffle. It had caramelized bananas on top of a steaming hot waffle with cinnamon and powdered sugar. Each bite was a pocket filled with maple syrup and gooey banana goodness! So yummy. My boyfriend got the eggs Benedict over crab cakes. No complaints other than the hash-browns got cold quick. They were perfectly crispy though. We both had coffee and I had a glass of OJ. It was like I just bit into an orange. I'm sure it was freshly squeezed. The decor is beautiful and it is very clean, The service was top notch as well. Definitely a place we will visit when we get the rare occasion of breakfast together.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,3/28/2011,85,310,3,10,5>This place is a very different duck. It's a sit-down restaurant. A grocery store. A butcher shop. A fish monger. A wine shop. A coffee shop. A neighborhood bistro.And they excel at all in part because they specialize in each area. For example, you won't find a vast Whole Foods array of meats and fish. But, you will probably find what you are looking for at more reasonable prices.With that breadth of offerings how can you not give it a try?We dine there, sip wine on the patio, pick up groceries on the way home and grab coffee on the way to the train.What makes this place worthy of the 5-Star is not only it's offerings but its management. I have never given management 5 Stars or even cited it in a review so this is a first. Since their inception about a year ago Tim and Shaun have tweaked and refined their business model to be the best. It wasn't easy lauinching a radically different and complex concept - as I can attest as being a demanding customer from the beginning. They certainly strived to earn 5 Stars and worked really hard at it. I doubt that they are done making improvements.A well-earned 5 Stars to Tim, Shaun and their team.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,3/27/2011,216,369,8,9,7>Do you know how long Winking Dog has been on ya? Probably since Prince was on Apollonia. And since OJ had isotoners. Probably about that long. With Portillo's (Goliath) right down the street, Winking Dog (David) has done quite well for themselves, as they've been in business for at least a few decades now. Guess what? I don't have to drive to River Grove to get a hot dog with onions, relish, mustard and peppers with hand cut French Fries piled atop. I can get them right down the street at Winking Dog, and they are just as good, if not better. Oh, did that hit a nerve, Gene & Judes fanatics? You'd never admit it anyway. You're too stuck in your ways. Winking Dogs fries actually possess some crunch. Not soggy horse crap. Winking Dog wins. The best part? They serve more than just hot dogs. Beefs, gyros, burgers, submarine sandwiches, steak sandwiches, so on and so forth. And they accept credit/debit.Take six and take this, haters.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,3/26/2011,161,158,3,2,5>My first time here was on New Year's Eve and I really thought it was the perfect-go-to venue that didn't require reservations, had great foods and didn't make you feel claustrophobic.  I arrived at around 10:30pm with a group of 4 and it didn't take long for them to seat us right away.  The decor and ambience was nice and stylish.  Their menu offered a variety of salad, sandwiches and other entres.  I wasn't feeling hungry so I ordered 2 appetizers: Spicy Red Clam Soup and Jumbo Crab Cake.  Both of the appetizers did not disappoint.  I don't know about you but it's hard for me to find a soup that I really eally like.  Some soups are OK, but the ones that makes you go "WOW! That's really good!!" are rare. Well, their Spicy Clam Soup was one of those really good ones.  I could really tasted the clams.  The same was with my Crab Cake, I really tasted the crabmeat and even though the portion was small, I only ate half of it and I was full because it was quite filling and savory.  I would definitely visit this place again especially to host an event such as birthday or a date night.  It's a great place to grab some good eats and then play a game of bowling or bocce with friends afterwards and treat yourself to once in a while.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,3/25/2011,428,1216,4,10,5>I've been on the receiving end of Nancy's therapeutic touch for about a year and a half now, thanks to my friend Kim, who doesn't want to see me save any money whatsoever.  No really, Kim, thanks for not getting me hooked on benzos instead.Nancy is the chillest woman in the west suburbs, so much so that I often forget the season we're in when I'm out of my clothes and on her table, in a cozy little room with several reminders to forget one's trouble.  I don't care about the occasional sound from the outside world, my preoccupations fade, and I generally lose all concept of time and discomfort - physical or mental.  She doesn't do the deep tissue thing, so don't call her if you prefer to get beaten a little.  She has, however, helped me tremendously with my TMJ issues, back pain, and overall state of relaxation.Generally, I start out on my back, then get a little cranio-sacral work, then flip over for the back attention.  I like to go for 90 minutes ($115) when I can, but 60 is great too (only $75).She's got locations in the city too - Hubbard and Damen, I think.  So call her if you're looking for a laid-back massage therapist at a nice price.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,3/24/2011,71,110,5,4,4>We live in an era where everyone has the opportunity to be a cross-over celebrity, J-Lo first started as a Fly girl, then became Jenny from the Block, then an actress  and now n a judge on American Idol. Well move over, cause the most impressive crossover was Frank Lloyd Wright - not only did he design buildings, but he designed furnishings and interiors. He's the kinda guy Smithe Furniture would love to have on staff. As one who appreciates architecture, this visit has been on my to-do list for a while, but the Groupon is what finally got me where. I dont live to far and I've never seen the house. After visiting, I now wonder why it took me so long to get here. Beautiful house, knowledgeable staff and a great way to spend a few hours. He built a house that is surprisingly functional by today's standards. But the piano freaked me out.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,3/23/2011,99,133,10,8,5>I once heard a presentation about how mothers go grocery shopping as an 'escape'. My first reaction was disbelief then I made a mental note to never have kids. When I went to Mariano's I started to think that maybe mothers were on to something...Saturday morning I walk into Mariano's and get a large cup of coffee and a muffin for $2! And the shopping carts have a coffee cup holder! perfect! I took my time roaming through the aisles listening to the piano player. I have to admit that the first time I saw the piano player I thought it was a dumb idea that wouldn't produce returns. But listening to "kiss the girl" from the Little Mermaid definitely put me in a good mood. Maybe they're on to something...  They have a great variety of ethnic foods, exotic fruits, great cheap produce! The rest of the store is just like any other grocery store. I feel horrible about saying this, but every interaction I've had with the workers and managers has left me thinking they're just a few fries short of a happy meal. They seem like really sweet, good people, just not the brightest. I would go into detail but then I'd just be a jerk.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,3/22/2011,646,300,6,14,13>I recently was at a taste testing at Baby's new location set to open Black Friday. What do you get when you combine a deep fryer and a Philly Cheesesteak? Can I get a drumroll please? You get a Crispy Philly Cheesesteak. OMG...this is an absolute miracle to combine such a thing. Crispy outside, delicious meat and cheese inside. Wash it down with a fresh squeezed lemonade.Everything was happening so fast and my taste buds were in overdrive! Sandwiches like the Mediterranean Chicken Pita were amongst my favorite. I suggest a Buffalo Fries Basket as an appetizer if you are bringing a group or the Buffalo Wings because the secret sauce is delicious.The menu is straight and to the point filled with traditional sanwiches like Gyros, Italian Beef, Hot Dogs and Burgers. However there is so much more to experience, it might take a few visits.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,3/21/2011,223,313,4,4,4>I've been trying to eat healthy lately, but decided to stop here after running some errands at lunch.  I ordered the daily special, which was crispy chicken fingers with fries and a drink.  I was going to order a hot dog, but saw their sign boasting how crunchy and juicy their chicken strips were.  I'm a total sucker for advertisements.The chicken strips were seasoned well, crunchy, and very moist.  They have a few dipping sauce choices and went with some hot sauce & honey mustard.  The honey mustard was really good, with a creamy mayo-based consistency.  The fries weren't anything special.The service was quick, interior was clean, and they have cheap daily deals.  I'll be back for sure whenever I feel like some chicken strips and maybe try some of their bbq.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,3/20/2011,43,79,6,14,5>Riverside Restaurant has always been one of my most favorite restaurants.  I will and have driven the hour it takes to get there from my house whenever I have a craving.  I am Mexican by heritage, but I must have been Eastern European in another life because I adore this food.  Other than in Prague itself, I have never had better Bohemian food anywhere.  Whatever you try on the menu is bound to be amazing, but my personal favorites are the breaded pork tenderloin, the duck, and the breaded cauliflower.  Not only does this restaurant boast delicious food, but the value for what you get is tremendous.  When you get your meal, the soup/salad, entree, and dessert are included in the price.  My favorite choices for dessert are the apple strudel and apricot kolackies.The service at this restaurant is flawless.  Everything comes out in a prompt and timely manner and whether I come with my husband or  a large group, everything comes out hot and perfect!   ***Do be advised that this restaurant takes CASH only and that the pharmacy next door will have your car towed if you try and park there.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,3/19/2011,176,176,4,11,8>Though I've been dining here for years, I still think JC's is a nice, family owned Mexican restaurant with great food. A friend of mine raves about their green enchiladas, to which I heartily agree that they are quite good.The owner knows me by name and always greets me with a smile and seats me promptly. She asks me follow up questions on conversations we may have had from previous visits. I've seen her treat other regular customers the same.Recently, after finishing my typical order of green enchiladas with a side of guacamole, I asked the owner where she buys her avocados. When I go grocery shopping, the avocados I find (especially in midwinter) tend to be lacking in flavor, overripe or going bad. I don't have much luck in finding good avocados. But, I was impressed with the quality and flavor in the guacamole at JC's.The owner let me in on her secret to good avocados. She's got it down to a science in determining how solid the avocados are when you first buy them, how long to let them ripen, where to store them, etc. And though she buys from a wholesaler, which I don't have access to, she offered to sell me avocados direct from her restaurant whenever I wanted. And so, I added a few to my tab last time I was there.How's that for service? And I think it all started a few years ago when I stopped in at JC's for the first time. I complimented the owner on her voice when she was softly singing to the Spanish music playing overhead. I've had nothing but good service ever since. See what happens when you're nice to people and expect good things! And though the service may be slow at times, or maybe it's not the perfect Mexican restaurant for everyone, or maybe the shipment of avocados isn't always the best, I still love the fact that it is a family owned restaurant and that I get a genuine sense of welcome whenever I visit. The minor things don't really matter that much when one is treated like a valued customer.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,3/18/2011,19,116,4,4,5>What can I say, I luv this restaurant.  I have been coming to Tiki Terrace even before they moved to this new location.  The restaurant is bigger and the décor is at a grander scale.  I have to say that I used to dance with the two brothers who own this restaurant.  We were part of a Polynesian Dance Troupe a few years back, so my review may be a bit biased, but I will try to be as honest as I can.  Firstly what I love about this place is the Food.  There is no where in the suburbs and especially in the city where I can find authentic Hawaiian cuisine like this.  Their menu offers a wide variety of island fair.  My Favorite being the "Killer Kalbi, the 10oz Maui Mahi, their Bora Bora Eggrolls and the Kalua Pork with the BBQ sauce.  Secondly, I luv the décor, and considering the brothers did most of the renovations and the carved statues (tikis), I could really appreciate the hard work that went into Making this place feel like you were in Hawaii.  Thirdly, I thoroughly enjoy the Friday and Saturday night Dinner Dance Show.  The dances are very authentic, not your usual Hula dancing, but my friends have commented that the dancers are all white. There no better place in Chicago to take your friends and family if you are looking for that Unique Polynesian dinner show experience.  I picked up my friend from the airport last Friday night from Ohare  (he is from Vancouver) and immediately came here for the dinner and show.  He enjoyed the Polynesian Dance show and learned some things about the different Polynesian dances while we enjoyed our dinner and sipped on our Tiki Drinks.  We didn't have the dessert because we were just way too full, but I have had their dessert before, my most favorite being the Haupia cake.  I don't really care for the Chinaman's Hat dessert.  Just a warning, During the Friday and Saturday night shows, the menu is very limited as they have to deal with a full house.  Also for lunch, they have a $6 lunch menu which is an awesome deal!  My coworkers and I come here once a week for their lunch menu.  At times, the service can be very slow.  I have experienced this on my last visits, especially for lunch. Therefore, I call in my lunch order ahead of time so my coworkers and I don't have to wait too long.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,3/17/2011,4739,1870,39,27,28>I don't often drink sh*tty beer, but when I do, I always drink Miller High Life. What?! You can't (enjoyably) play beer pong with an IPA... plus, I don't like strong hop flavors when I'm ovulating. Lucky for me, The Mood has all the draft Miller High Life my little heart could dream of drowning my cramps in.Wanna know if 'The Mood' is right for you?If you like the show 'Roseanne' you'll love The Mood. It's everything working class Midwestern folks could ask for in a bar. Need a few more measures to help you decide? Well, here goes...You might be a lover of 'The Mood' if:You like blue collar workers who just want to down a few brews while venting about how their boss is a c*ck s*cker and how one day they're gonna give him a piece of their mind. You want to enjoy unlimited peanuts and exercise your all American right to throw those salty shells on the floor.You appreciate vintage jukeboxes with oldies but goodies a plenty... and are fully prepared to sing along should the rest of the bar break out in song.You want a friendly and gentlemanly bartender who *could* swear like a sailor... but wouldn't dream of doing so in front of a lady.You want an atmosphere with more character than Meryl Streep... vintage games, saloon doored bathrooms, and a few bar stools that were once old 70s and 80s home office chairs and have since been sawed off and mounted higher to measure up to the 'belly up at the bar' standards.If any or all of these criterion appeal to you, I'll see you next time at The Mood!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,3/16/2011,273,603,5,8,5>Thanks Dad!  Many moons ago, my Dad introduced me to Graham's Chocolates.  I have slowly been eating my way through their shop ever since and I have yet to be disappointed.  Graham's makes their own ice cream.  It is delicious!  On a sugar cone, the mint chip is perfect.  Great, creamy texture.  I've tried other flavors and they have all been good.  Nothing fancy, but good quality done right.The Skalies (think extra yummy turtles) are to die for!  The caramel is smooth and the chocolate is fresh.  Different sizes and different types of nuts make these a family favorite.  They are hard to pass up, and sometimes I do.  But ONLY so I can eat the chocolate, caramel, nut dipped pretzels.  Oooooh, those are good!  Be sure to try the fudge...it is also a winner.Oh yeah, giant chocolate, caramel, nutty dipped apples - these leave Taffy Apples in the dust!Finally, when my son was younger, he enjoyed the "penny" candies.  Most of it isn't a penny anymore.  But, he liked being able to choose his treats while I picked mine.  Thanks Graham's for being a true gem & thanks Dad for knowing best!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,3/15/2011,160,193,2,5,4>Finally, a delicious place has taken over the location that seems to inevitably end in failure.  There has been a ton of restaurants come and go in this location and I really hope this one STAYS!! My Papa took my sister and I here for a night out on the town, as he would say.  I had no idea how cute this place was and am really glad my Papa introduced us.  He came here quite a few times in the past.  The decor is authentic yet semi-upscale.  The host greeted us right away and sat us at the table my Papa was already sitting.Our waiter was a younger guy with a great sense of humor and personality.  You definitely needed a good sense of humor to put up with my Papa because he would joke around and give everyone a hard time.  The waiter was able to keep up and give it right back!  Usually when I eat Mexican, I just grab a quick bite at the fast little Mexican joints so I wasn't really sure what to eat.  I basically just picked something off the menu and crossed my fingers.IT WAS DELICIOUS! My sister, Papa's, and my food was all excellent!! I was totally impressed that this place was so close to home and I had never visited before.Along with the food, they had a nice drink list and the service was impeccable. I was glad to see that the other tables were filled but would love to see this place on a wait list.. it deserves it.  Also.. just an FYI, but if you're not one for spicy food, maybe Mexican isn't for you?? Either way- ask the server and they can help direct you to a less spicy dish. But people, authentic Mexican is spicy!! DUH.People, stop wasting your money on mediocre Mexican food and come to Fonda Isabel.  It's so yummy and the service will make for a nice date night or night out with some friends.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,3/14/2011,33,144,3,5,5>I enjoy alcohol.  Who doesn't you say?  Well, I assume plenty of people do, but I enjoy it.  I don't drink to get drunk, I don't drink because it's expected of me, I drink because I enjoy what I'm drinking.  So when I look for a liquor store, I don't just want stuff like Bud or Bacardi or Smirnoff.  I want the good stuff.Sal's has tons (certainly literally) of the good stuff.  Sure, there are your 7 foot tall stacks of 24-packs of he cheap stuff, but then there are aisle up isles of craft beers, wines from all over the world, lots of great stuff.  And it's all really well organized, making it really simple to find what you need.  This place isn't as "nice" as Binny's.  It's pretty much a warehouse on the inside and you won't be finding any wine experts to help you pick out the right bottle for you, and the selection isn't quite as massive, but it's got most of what you need at good prices.  Plus, for us at least, it's closer to home since the nearest Binny's is Glen Ellyn, so it's certain the best place for us within a 10 minute drive.As for prices, they seemed to be pretty average on beer, surprisingly cheap on wine (5.99 for a 1.5 L of Barefoot... sure Barefoot is the cheap stuff, but that price is usually what the 750 mLs go for), and a little bit pricey on the hard liquor.  I especially noticed the rum was more than you'll usually see elsewhere.Overall though, I was pleased.  We picked up a 12 pack of Leinie's Summer Shady, nothing super fancy, but it will be a nice summer treat.  If that's what you're looking for, Sal's is a good place to look.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,3/13/2011,66,101,4,5,6>The chips and salsa here are so good that I suffered a tragic mouth injury.   While my friend was in the restroom, I decided to down as many of the freshly made chips as humanly possible.  That meant attempting to stick an entire chip in my mouth, full of scrumptious salsa.  In my excitement, I caught a corner of a chip in the roof of my mouth.  That slowed my scarfing down just enough that there were still some chips remaining when she got back.   Foiled!  As wonderful as they were, the chips were not the high point.  The high point was when our tacos arrived.   I had ordered the pescado, which came with this wonderful spicy tomato broth soup.   It had fried dumplings, diced raw onion, and cilantro.   My taco was excellent - the fish was fresh and savory.   But, the real winner was my friend's taco - she got the Chorizo taco, which came with melted cheese and spicy guacamole.  She's lucky she offered to trade one taco each, otherwise I'd have had to distract her and steal one.   Chorizo can often be too greasy for me, but the guacamole really was a great counterpoint, and squeeze of lime made it perfect.The presentation was sophisticated, and the service was great.  I'll have to find a way to go back soon before everyone else discovers them!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/12/2011,51,284,1,4,4>Sushi Ya is one of my very favorite suburban sushi places! I have to thank my parents for bringing me here the first time. It's so yummy!They have a lot of delicious specialty rolls- I agree with Andrew J., who raved about the avocado torch roll. It's really good! There's also a sunset roll that I enjoy, and a bunch of other things. Their spicy tuna is tasty and the plain fish is really fresh and good. They also give you miso soup and edamame to start off your meal and fresh fruit for dessert. You won't need an appetizer, but if you want one, the agedashi tofu is really good.Aside from the awesome food, the staff are really friendly and sweet. They always greet you warmly at the door; they bring a plate of fruit to people waiting for takeout orders; when I came with my parents around Christmas, they gave every table a bottle of sake as a gift.I think I will have to pay a visit to my parents in Schaumburg next week... and maybe sneak in a trip to Sushi Ya, too. ;)
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/10/2011,106,272,4,6,4>The burger:Giving Tom & Eddie's 5 stars simply because of the awesome turkey burger I had last night. I mean...the flavor, the juiciness, and the overall burger was absolutely delicious. I built my own with just ketchup, mustard, mayo, and pepper jack cheese. When I go back I'll have the pre-made turkey burger they make to see how that combo matches up (garlic aioli, red onion, etc.). I am sure it is out of this world.The atmosphere:The restaurant is stupid small! After we placed our order at the counter we walked a lap around the restaurant (which took 6 seconds) and finally spotted  a table over by a window. Whew...otherwise where would we have sat to eat? That's a problem so I think we will get carryout the next times that we go. Also, liked the quirky addition that the other reviewers mentioned: the little gadget that you put your table number in so that the wait staff know where to bring your food.The soda:Mmmmmm....cream soda.The fries:Tried the sweet potato fries and the regular ones. Meh...not too great. I'll have to try the haystack of onions straws next time because one was attached to the underside of my burger (!) and it was really good, haha.Overall, I am satisfied with the experience that I had and I will definetly be back...for carryout!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,3/9/2011,287,787,4,8,9>When you think of Portillos, you think of hearty meals. Even though they offer great salads, lets face it, if you're eating at Portillos, most likely, calorie counting is not on your mind. Honey Jam Cafe--Dick Portillo's latest addition to his restaurant family--is definitely a place where breakfast/brunch folks can enjoy hearty meals and with items like Tiramisu pancakes on the menu, calorie counting will probably be left at the door. My friend and I enjoyed a late breakfast here. I found a lot of great items on the menu from omelets, skillets, french toast and pancakes. Some of them pretty interesting--bananas foster french toast anyone? I had looked at the menu online prior to our visit and those Tiramisu pancakes just kept calling my name. And oh yes, did it call my name, beckoning me to enjoy the soft fluffiness of the pancakes, with sweet, creamy marscapone-lightly flavored with cocoa and coffee--layered between the pancakes. They goaded me to add the warm maple syrup but I had to decline. The sweetness of the dish was already enough to bring about oohs and yums from my hungry self.  This was a huge serving of pancakes.  I could hardly finish half of them. Wait, perhaps you needs some savory with all that sweet--the pancakes asked. I ordered a side of sausage patties and asked for them to be well-done. I prefer a bit of a char on sausage. That was the only disappointing part of breakfast. The sausage instead seemed to be underdone. Service is very friendly and attentive. Reasonable prices for breakfast. Coffee is bold and piping hot. But I will say the restaurant is loud. Don't expect a quiet breakfast here. Between the servers/busboys and fullness of the restaurant, it is quite a loud experience. Loud but delicious!  Definitely a place to visit after a hard workout...so the calorie counting can be left at the door!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,3/8/2011,80,142,4,8,3>I've been here twice so far.  The second time was much better than the first.  However, the first time we were with a very large party which I think contributed to the chaotic experience.This time, we came on a Sunday.  This place was packed!  Only one or two free tables.  First the service:  It was fine, not great, not amazing, but we got regular and frequent enough attention to keep us ordering and eating.  Could have used a few more smiles or at least some hint of acknowledgment at time.Now - the food.  This is the review for the all you can eat sushi special.  This is a limited choice menu option, but you can order additional specialty roles for about a buck per roll.We started with miso and edamame.  Miso was good, edamame was okay....sort of bland like it needed more salt.  I ended up dipping it in soy, and it turned out tasty.We ordered the crunch roll, chicago roll, spicy tuna, volcano, and other rolls which names now escape me.The rolls were tasty, the fish was good, it was a good sushi experience.  Its not the best sushi, but its' much better than Todai for pretty much the same price.  Sure, it's not a buffet, but the overall idea to gorge oneself on sushi is there.I didn't find the rolls heavy on the rice.  Will go back again.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,3/7/2011,105,217,4,6,3>JULIE ANN'S IS BACK!  I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT (HENCE THE CAPS LOCK!!)Ok, calming down....  the original Julie Ann's closed 9-ish years ago, and it was a very sad day for the Northwest suburbs.  Crystal Lake without Julie Ann's is like Chicago without the Sears Tower.  It is an institution.  Julie Ann's serves the best tasting frozen dessert I have ever had in my life.  Their custard is so creamy and flavorful.  Once you try it, you will become an ice cream snob.  Their sundaes of the month are where it's at.  I remember having a pineapple upsidedown sundae once, and it was better than words can describe.May Julie Ann never leave me again.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,3/6/2011,371,418,3,5,4>I don't usually like this area because I feel it can be a bit pretentious. But what my girls want, my girls get, and my girls wanted Kuma's - so we went (boy am I glad I did) - us gals had ladies night dinner date here last weekend and we had a blast in this modern take on Asian Fusion cuisine. Our waitress was sweet as a button and made great recommendations. At her suggestion we all enjoyed this papaya tequila drink thing that was on special for $5 (well we all had like 3 of them) - YUM. For an appetizer we had tofu lettuce wraps, I like that they were not assembled at the table because I like social food, and if they were wrapped in the kitchen the lettuce probably wouldn't have been as crispy, they were flavorful and we killed them - the red chili sauce that they are served with is HOT and I loved it. I want more!! After that - on the recommendation of Brian K. via his lady-friend who was dining with me - I ordered a cup of the Asian gumbo. Now, I'm a connoisseur of all things gumbo, when I cook it, people come running, no lie. This stuff was fantastic. If everything else here was bad (which it wasn't) I'd go back just for a bucket of this thick, spicy, saffron-y deliciousness! I couldn't wait for dinner. I ordered the seafood paella - the most expensive thing on the menu ($20 - not bad huh) - The cute waitress brought out our dinners and brought me a slice of lemon; she suggested I use it on my dinner because it'll bring out the flavors - she was RIGHT (again). The cookware is also the serving dish for many of the dishes at Kuma's - and they are HOT - so be careful. The rice kind of burns and caramelizes with the spices on the bottom of the bowl and I know that sounds weird but it was awesome! While there were only 2 muscles in my dinner, there was a TON of other seafood (and scallops - my fav) to make up for it. I failed on dinner (because of the appetizer, drink and soup) and had to take nearly half of it home, but I made damn sure I fully stuffed myself before I threw in the chopsticks on this one. At the end of the night Kuma herself came to make sure we were satisfied, love that! CANT WAIT to go back... Hmmm do I have dinner plans tonight?
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,3/5/2011,191,452,5,10,7>White Chocolate Grill=white hot!With husband and Groupon in hand, Fridate night was upon us!  After doing some damage at Chicago Premium Outlets in Aurora, we cruised over to WCG to check it out since we'd heard so many good reviews from friends.  Reservations on the weekends are definitely a must (unless you don't mind eating before 5pm or after 9pm).  We were promptly seated, even though we arrive about 10 minutes early, in a comfy oversized leather booth.  Our waitress was super friendly and never left us wanting.  Coke products, definitely a plus.  I ordered the white chocolate martini ($9), basically a chocolate martini that's lighter in color-not much difference in taste.  I do love having it served in a chilled martini glass.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from WCG in terms of food.  Pleasant surprise, they've got great sammies!  My husband ordered a steak sandwich.  Though he wasn't asked how he wanted it prepared, it came out a tender medium with thick slabs of steak and gooey Monterey Jack cheese on a French baguette.  I couldn't keep my hands of my husband's side of skinny fresh-cut fries! It was love at first bite with my blackened fish sandwich.  The grilled organic white fish tasted fresh and had a great spicy bite!  I enjoyed the fact that they loaded on the lettuce and tomato too!For once, we saved room for dessert (thanks to WCG for listing their desserts first on the menu as a gentle reminder).  We decided on the French White Chocolate Bread Pudding ($7.59).  I'm not typically a fan of bread pudding (don't like mushy desserts), but this bread pudding had great hold and buttery, cinnamon flavor (almost as if they used croissants!).  The generous dollop of whipped cream really added to the layers of sweetness without giving us a total sugar rush.  All their desserts are portioned for two, but we still had to take a doggy bag home.  I'll definitely be returning soon.  Happy hours are offered both during weekdays (2pm-7pm) and weekends (2pm-5pm) at the bar or patio.  They also offer a prix fixe "Date Night" menu for $28.99 per person that includes an appetizer to share, 2 salads, 2 entrees, and a dessert to share.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2010,3/4/2011,199,119,3,7,4>Yum! This is as good as it gets for fast food burgers in the Midwest!First of all, the staff is incredibly friendly. The staff that takes your order is more than willing to explain the menu to you, and doesn't mind if you take your time deciding. The first time I went, one of the managers even threw all of my wrappers/garbage/cups away for me. So nice!I have been here twice, and had the same thing both times - a burger with cheddar cheese, bacon, and avocado. I highly recommend getting the cajun fries - such a nice change from regular fries, a little spicy, and overall simply delicious! The burger was excellent. I love that it was served on a roll that was a little sweet, like a hawaiian roll. The meat is seasoned nicely, and kinda melts like butter in your mouth when you take a bite. They don't skimp on the toppings, which is great because they're a little pricey - for two burgers, fries, and two drinks, it was almost $20. Which is fine, because we loved our food and they give you a good amount. But kind of pricey for "fast food". Both experiences here were great, and I will continue to come back here. I crave it often, and this is the first place I think of when I want a good, quick burger. I'm a Meathead!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,3/3/2011,252,423,3,7,5>I'll admit it took hubby and I quite some time to try Gold Class Cinemas.  We love movies and the price did put me a off a little.  I am pleased to report, however, once you go Gold Class watching a movie in a regular theater is slumming it.  I am hooked!If you plan on going here take some time beforehand to sign up as a member on their website.  It's completely free and as a member you get discounts on your tickets ($2.50 off per ticket) every day off the week.  Also as a member on Tuesdays they have $3 glasses of wine and beer plus discounted select food items.  With our member discount our two tickets were $40.  Considering you are going to pay $10-$14 at a regular theater now it's not much more to spring for the "Gold Class" experience.I love the ambience of the place; it's more like you are going to a chic lounge than the movies.  Lots of comfy chairs, couches and tables to use while you peruse the menu.  There are a couple of big fireplaces at either end - a welcome treat on those freezing Chicago nights.  The restrooms were spotless and we were there on a busy Saturday night.  While their menu is a bit limited and some items seem pricey, everything we tried was absolutely delicious and top-notch quality - plus they quantity of the food was good as well!  They also add a few seasonal additions for drinks and appetizers to the menu which changes throughout the year.  Now my husband and I just couldn't decide so we decided to try 3 appetizers and a dessert, in addition to his beer and my two cocktails.  The price for all the food and drinks including the 20% tip we left was $97.  Yes, that is steep for movie fare but as I said, all was very good both in quality and quantity.  In the future I would only split 2 appetizers and maybe a dessert as we were quite full when we left.  They also come around and offer free little bags of popcorn and if you don't already have a cocktail they offer a complimentary soda-fountain beverage.From the seasonal Winter menu I tried the Ginger Collins cocktail - absolute yum - I had two! - and the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp which also came with bacon wrapped water chestnuts and bacon stuffed olives.  OMG -everything is better with bacon!  From the regular menu we also tried the Spinach and Artichoke Croquettes (my favorite....wonderful cheesy & creamy fried goodness) with marinara for dipping and the Calamari "Steak" - big and wonderful strips of calamari fried in tempura with a wonderful wasabi-mayonaisse dipping sauce.  All of it was scrumptious!For dessert, yes we just had to try dessert, we had the Cinnamon Dusted Cheesecake Flautas with Raspberry Sauce - also from the Winter menu.  While these were quite yummy, the raspberry sauce was more of a drizzle on the plate - not nearly enough.  It would be better if in addition to the lovely presentation with the sauce drizzled they have a little cup of it for dipping the flautas in.  Each item we ordered came out of the kitchen super-quick and was delivered discreetly to our table in the theatre.  If you need another drink or any other items you simply press a button on your table and a server comes over within a few minutes.The chairs were also oh-so-comfortable and you can recline them to whatever degree you like.  An arm of each chair opens up to store your coat and/or purse in.  They have blankets and pillows available upon request for the ultimate snuggly experience.  I've read in other reviews to order your tickets ahead so you get a good seat - IMO there are truly no bad seats here!  Each theater only has like 24 seats and the front row is 25 feet from the screen, certainly not up too close for the average person.  Even the seats in the side rows are very good.  I would only recommend ordering your tickets ahead online just to make sure they don't sell out.  We will definitely be coming back regularly.  If you want to save some money skip the food and cocktails - it is still well worth the experience.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,3/2/2011,73,255,1,6,5>If it's possible to fall in love with a restaurant at 7 years old, my son has found his first true love, and we've found our "regular" Chinese food place. The food is great. Seasoned well, and comes out fast. The price is reasonable for the amount of food. They have Kirin, which I loved. And the atmosphere isn't that red, gaudy BS that you see at other Chinese restaurants. Our "test dish" for Chinese places is Orange Chicken. The orange chicken here literally tastes like you are eating oranges with your chicken. And I wasn't hungry 40 minutes later. Like Japanese food? Well you're in luck because they have that as well. The Sushi bar is great. The service the first time we went was a little iffy, but the 2nd time was superb. The owner is there often and asks how things are. They also have a kids menu. Bonus.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,3/1/2011,58,186,5,15,8>OK, it's Friday night... Wife and I are in the mood for something Asian....We don't feel like going too far....Since we needed to make a run to Walgreens, I suggest we try Crazy Buffet since it's next door.  I pass by this place a hundred times on the way to work.  This area usually seems sort of dead, but I noticed the lot was pretty full.  Since I'm a bit skeptical and usually have bad experiences at Buffets, I decide that this is the perfect time to pull out my phone and check my handy dandy Yelp app!OK, this place got pretty good reviews.  Ok fine, let's do it.  Upon entering, I'm actually surprised at the size of this place.  For some reason, from the outside, you wouldn't picture this place being so big.  Inside, it was very full of customers.  We were promptly greeted, seated and surprised that their staff actually checked up on us regularly at an Asian establishment.  (You're downright neglected in some Asian restuarants...)  My soda, tea and napkins never ran out.  Plates promptly replaced with clean ones as we were eating crab legs.  Pretty good service so far.  I'm still skeptical of the food being most Asian Buffets suck.  I give it a chance based on the Yelp reviews.  I check out the stir fry bar, sushi area, seafood areas, main course areas and desert areas.  They have a lot of stuff!I must say, I actually like this buffet and I'm not a buffet person.  Why?  Well, this place is very cheap.  15 bucks?  Ok, so not every dish is perfect.  The crab rangoon was sort of soggy.  Some dishes aren't nearly as authentic as other Asian places, but overall, there was a lot of tasty dishes and the good far outweigh the bad.  There's a lot of variety here.  There is something for everyone.  If you want something else, go to the stir fry bar.  You can dish up your own meat including chicken, scallops, beef, pork, shrimp, veggies, noodle type, etc. and bring them to the cook.  He'll cook it up, add whatever sauces you want and your all set.  It's pretty comparable to Sir Crazy if you've ever been there.Where else can you go to have oysters, spicy tuna rolls, crab legs, shrimp, clams, stir fry bar with decent service?I'm glad there is a place super close that is kind of a hidden gem for cheap and good eats.15 bucks?  That's a pretty good deal for the stir fry bar alone.  I heard lunch is only 8 or so bucks.  I suppose I'll check it out sometime...
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,2/28/2011,258,159,9,7,6>You've no doubt heard the term vegetarian, but one I coined for myself is "Carnitarian".  I am a true carnitarian and proud to be one.  Brazilian Steakhouses are a Carnitarian's delight, a veritable plenipotentiary of all-you-can-eat animal flesh to feast upon.  Personal favorites include the ribeye, the picanha (top sirloin) and (drool) the bacon wrapped filet mignon.  Chama Gaucha compares very favorably to the more well known BSH Fogo De Chao.  In fact, I thought the salad bar here was better than Fogo's as it had a bit more variety.  Chama Gaucha is perfect for a date night or fancy shmancy business meeting.  My only objection was that parking was extremely scarce even though the place was only half full but other than that, five stars all the way.  Muito bem, obrigado!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,2/27/2011,850,1294,8,7,8>You would swear I was pregnant with the roller coaster of cravings I've been having lately. This week I was jonesing for all things Asian, and Thipi Thai rescued me from the gourmet spiral of hell I've been slowly slipping into since eliminating almost all restaurant excursion expenses.My GPS directed me to the old location, so I was able to get a feel of how much they have expanded. The new location is much more accessible and better suited. The decor is extravagant without being overwhelming. The ridiculously open space gives you room to breathe and the low lighting allows you to relax, slow down and catch your breath. The most gorgeous aspect is, without a doubt, the upside down umbrellas that dot the ceiling.So back to my X-rated food fantasies. Is it hot in here? Or is it just the curry?I had been dreaming all week about succulent beef bits perfectly cooked with just the right amount of oil and loaded with flavor swimming in a sea of bamboo shoots, baby corn and basil. Thipi Thai was able to accommodate with their Lemon Grass Beef ($10). I got my taste buds ready for the saucy 'splosion by splitting an order of Deep Fried Pot Stickers with Karen C. ($6). It was a new and welcomed experience, but I much prefer regular stickers. The beef dish was delicious, but they aren't kidding when they say GARLIC sauce. I washed it all down with a tall glass of Thai Iced Tea ($2!!!).Oh, Thipi, you're my new guilty pleasure.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,2/26/2011,2184,1339,7,10,8>I just went here for lunch today and was surprised at how good the food was. It reminded me of Chinatown and I think it's the closest to Chinatown food I have ever found in the burbs!My meal started with the hot & sour soup which is VERY spicy! I was proud of myself & my sensitive taste buds for having as much as I did. It has some tofu in it and something we couldn't quite identify but thought maybe it was eggplant? I found that to be an interesting selection.Then we ordered the fried bread thanks to the yummy looking picture a fellow Yelper posted. It was a good addition at $3.30. It was steaming hot, lightly deep fried and just tasted so moist and appetizing. I loved it! I added the egg roll to my lunch special...not necessary at all with the HUGE amount of food we got but I really wanted to give it a try. I consider myself to be an eggroll connoisseur and can never seem to find the perfect one. I would venture to say that this might just be the best eggroll I've ever had! No joke! It wasn't overly deep fried, came out of the deep fryer nice & hot. I loved the crispiness of the outside. It was a very thick eggroll filled with a lot of tasty ingredients on the inside. It cost an extra $1.25 to add to my meal but it was well worth it!For my main entree, I ordered the sweet & sour lunch special with white rice (it comes standard with fried rice). It was just a bit over $6 and was a huge portion. The chicken pieces were very large and moist compared to other places. The sauce was the Chinatown standard...orange and saucy! It wasn't overly amazing but still good. My friend got the beef chow fun which I tasted. Now that was amazing!We were one of just a few tables in there for lunch. The service was very friendly, much better then the standard Chinatown which I keep comparing this lunch to. Food came out very fast which was perfect for our lunch. We have an hour for lunch...it took us 10 minutes to get here, 10 minutes to get back to work, and in that 40 minutes we had soup, appetizer, side dish, main dish & chocolate fortune cookies...didn't go over on our time at all! Definitely will be coming back here!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,2/25/2011,47,404,1,5,4>Was happy to spot this "new" restaurant yesterday.  (I suspect it is a re-opening of what was India House in same location.)  Headed over there today for lunch.Decor is beautiful - rich tones of silver and brown. Indian music playing at just the right volume to allow conversation and a faint hint of incense.They have a dedicated lunch menu, with entrees sitting at about the $8 mark - includes soup, and small 'salad', sesame square, rice and 1/2 spring roll.I had lamb meatballs, and co-worker had honey chicken, both medium spice level.  I found mine had quite a burn in the back of my throat, so would probably go mild next time, whereas my friend rated the honey chicken as too mild and would go to hot for future - so two different viewpoints on the spiceyness rating.  :-)Both of us enjoyed our respective meals.Note:  This may be a five star in hiding - they were training new wait-staff the day we were there, so service was not perfect (though it was very good, and the staff friendly.)Would I recommend: YesWould I return: Yes
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,2/24/2011,20,100,2,3,4>My boyfriend and I went here because we had a coupon from AmEx for $25 off a $50 purchase.  After perusing the menu we decided to splurge for a fancy date night.  We honestly thought we probably wouldn't go back, because I'm very unlikely to want to spend that much on dinner on a regular basis.Color us wrong!  It was very pleasantly surprising.  Their whole spiel is that they change the menu 4 times a year (once a season, get it??) and everything is fresh, local, and under 475 calories a plate.  The portion sizes and the lack of carbs clearly helped make that 475 number possible, but even with that said, I was impressed!  I ordered the venison chops and got 2(!) chops, the most amazing sweet potato puree, and a heaping pile of perfectly cooked veggies.  My boyfriend ordered the crab stuffed shrimp, which was basically pure crab over butterflied shrimp (no breadcrumbs to keep down the carbs/calories? oh darn!) and another heaping pile of perfectly cooked veggies.We were both very full after our meals... but not full enough that we couldn't resist the mini indulgence desserts.  Think a gigantic shot glass filled with something supremely divine... I got the carrot cake and he got the peanut butter and chocolate mousse.  For $2.50 a pop you don't feel guilty getting a dessert.  Way to strategize, Seasons 52!All the entrees were between $15-$20.. so not cheap.. but surprisingly and happily affordable for a random splurge.. perhaps we'll be coming back for the fall menu shortly.. They did say the menu is about to change again!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,2/23/2011,144,959,8,12,5>Oy vey!  There is finally a decent deli in the Southern Suburbs.This place filled a void in my heart that was created when Al's Deli in Homewood went out of business.I went a little crazy when I ordered - 1/2 corned beef sandwhich, chicken motza ball soup, side of potato pancake, egg cream and a black and white cookie.  Don't judge me, I had just finished swimming extra laps so I could come here!I would order it all again except for the potato pancake but I sure liked having the option.Give it a try, Bubbie and Zadie would approve.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,2/22/2011,204,392,4,8,6>Hippies to the back.Limestone, you are a breath of fresh caffeinated air that is more than welcome any given day. A funky and chic coffee hotspot that is perfect to camp out and spend a few hours sipping on freshly brewed coffee or other hot drinks while studying or just taking advantage of your "alone time."For some ungodly reason, googlemaps blew right past and missed a few steps and I found myself driving through the thin streets of Batavia. On the verge of serious coffee withdrawal I automatically searched out for the green mermaid but found the green signage for Limestone and pulled off asap.Greeted instantly, I ordered the faithful americano and looked over the shop while my drink was getting itself ready for consumption. Quaint little place that is like taking a break in your room, only with the sounds of the coffee grinding and the door opening and closing but apart from that, it's quiet and relaxed.There is a huge selection of pastry items: pies, a lot of pies, cupcakes galore that are the size of Texas and could steal over any bake sale, muffins and cookies. Tons of choices, ample seating along with windows overlooking Wilson which seems to be the main drag in the town.The coffee hit the spot and I will definitely be marking this place down as somewhere to kick back and enjoy a morning at.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,2/21/2011,283,456,6,5,6>I'm not ashamed (well, maybe a little) to say I am in Jarosch more than 4 times a month. I am addicted and actually was in there this morning. I have been eating their treats forever and love everything they have to offer. They are able to customize any cakes and pretty much will do anything you ask of them. We get their apple strudel ALOT and because they are so incredible, they often run out so either call in the morning and ask them to hold you one (which they definitely will, if you ask nicely) or they have apple delights that are just as good and individually sized. When they are on their annual vacation and closed for a week, it makes me a little sad, but I know they will be back. We get treats from there for my office on a regular basis and every single time I bring something new in, the office goes nuts. We had a chocolate chip strip today and it was divine. There goods are ALWAYS FRESH because they have to be. They run out at closing every day because it's that good. Side note: you will notice when you walk in, you have to push the doors open. When you leave, they are automatic....figure that one out!Take a drive to 72 and Arlington Heights Rd....I'm sure you will love them as much as I do.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,2/20/2011,288,304,8,12,12>Yay! I am a fan indeed! I had been itching to try Zenwich for quite some time now so when I received notification that Zenwich was this week's Groupon...I took that as a sign that I needed to get off my booty & high tail it on over to Elmhurst for some sandwich nirvana! This cute & small (very small) shop is located in a strip mall that you probably have passed a dozen times. While the location might be a bit lackluster, I assure you the food is not. I had the Mu Ping which is grilled caramelized pork, pickled carrot & daikon, cilantro, cucumbers, jalapeno, onion and house made mayo served on a toasty ciabatta roll. Homemade seasoned chips, ginger slaw and a pickle accompanied my porky little number. The chips were quite nice - they were a little sweet and a little spicy and I was glad I ordered an extra bag to snack on later. The cost for all this deliciousness? $7.50 !!! (minus the extra bag of chips...which are a whopping 2 bucks!) As I said, the place is small...there are a handful of tables at best which wasn't a problem for me as I was ordering to-go. I imagine dining during the week during the lunch time rush would be a bit risky...fair warning. You might have to wait a little bit for your order which is very clearly stated for you at the counter. Zenwich is NOT fast food, so expect a bit of a wait...it's totally worth it and you will not be disappointed. If you are looking for something new & fresh...look no further!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,2/19/2011,57,94,3,7,6>Stopped in for dinner tonight.  Will be stopping back again.  And again.  And again.   And I don't even live in Crystal Lake.Good hand-tossed pizza is a joy to find.  I know how these are made; I got a tour of the kitchen at the Elgin Nick's.  Freshly-made dough, proprietary sauce, good ingredients.  Very professional staff.I like black olive pizza.  Yeah, yeah.  It's a little weird.  Mainly, because its one of those pizza combinations that's a disaster waiting to happen.   If the olives are weird or tinny, it'll drag down the rest.  If the sauce is wrong, the toppings won't help cover it up.  If the crust isn't good, then the pizza has no texture.. and don't get me started about weird cheese.  A perilous thing is a black olive pizza...But not here.  Everything was perfectly balanced... the delicate fullness of the olives, the full tomato taste of the sauce... with that almost buttery note of good cheese interacting with the acid of the sauce.  My partner noted that he loves the corn meal on the bottom; the little bits that keep the thin crust dough from sticking.Such a simple thing.  Sometimes, its the "simple things" that can be tricky.  When you nail them, you nail them.The service was good; playful but very busy. The ambience is really great; I love the barn/lodge feel of the place and the holiday lights are so cheery during this dark time of year.  The massive doors and scale of the place shift your mind into readiness for a good experience, IMHO.We finished with a cookie.  An great big chocolate chip cookie, with two scoops of moose-track ice cream, a mound of whip cream and chocolate syrup on top.  It took three of us to finish it.  The fourth stayed out of it: he'd started with a moose mousse shake of some kind that he said was incredible and worth every penny.  So, Nick's knows dessert, too.Just don't ask for coffee.  They don't have it.  Really.  But who really cares?  They have Sprecher root beer by the bottle; that beats restaurant coffee in my book.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,2/18/2011,364,363,5,3,4>I dined here for a company-sponsored function, so I can't comment on the price, aside from assuming that a party of 15 (with free-flowing booze) must have set the company back some serious bucks. I have two words that more or less succinctly say what I will prattle on about regardless:FUNandYUMSeriously, this is a great place. The decor and ambiance are nice - even the bathrooms are, well, very pretty. The salad bar includes many items you won't see at a typical salad bar. I could have filled up on that alone. Artichokes? Asparagus? Baby mozzarella and other assorted cheeses? Portabello mushrooms? Imported olives? OMG. Yes, please! But it was not salad bar night for this shameless carnivore. In the words of Everlast, I CAME TO GET DOWN. And get down, I did. Chicken, beef, pork and lamb are in abundance here. Bawk, moo, oink, and baaa. It's in situations like this that I feel bad for vegetarians.  The grilled pineapple, fried bananas, and mashed potatoes complimented the endless array perfectly. Our Gauchos were friendly, funny, and were always there to ensure we had something on our plate. Our server was very friendly as well. Most of us groaned as we pushed away from the table, swearing it would be days until we would (or could) eat again. My only crit is that I think they rushed a little to service our party. A few rounds of meat were a little on the undercooked side. It wasn't a big deal, but I wanted to mention it only because it was the reason for my rating of 4 stars instead of 5.Yep, most def. Yay! I'm a fan!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,2/17/2011,98,71,6,5,4>If I am sad, I crave Busy Bee's butter cookies.  If I'm happy and want to celebrate I crave Busy Bee's butter cookies.  If I'm depressed, angry, tired, motivated...well I crave Busy Bee's butter cookies.  These simple looking delicious cookies are like serotonin exploding in your brain.  They are mostly covered in different colored sprinkles...but also have an option with a cherry in the middle  or to be dipped in chocolate.  Go with the chocolate and thank me later.  They have amazing cakes like their multi-layer-multi-frosting-multi-flavor-multi-­filling  "Atomic Cake" is to die for.  Also they have really tasty chocolate cake doughnuts.Busy Bee has been in DG forever.  Back when I was in pig tails...it was and still is nestled on the west side of Main Street in a small front store.  It looks dimly lit and has the feeling of a bakery that has seen better days.  Busy Bee is like that teenage mutant ninja turtle shirt you keep because it's so soft and worn and awesome to sleep in.  Busy Bee bakery demands as much respect as your well worn t-shirt.  You and I simple know it's the best thing you own to wear...and I know this is the best over-worn bakery you and I will ever go to.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,2/16/2011,2,152,2,2,2>I popped in here last week to give it a try after reading about their unique sausages.  When I first walked in I thought that I was in just an ordinary dog shop around Chicago.  The decor was pretty typical, but this was misleading as the menu definitely wasn't.  They have some of the basic hot dogs, but they are far from being anything basic.  I ordered off of their special menu after the really nice guy Al at the register had pointed it out.  I chose the Gyros sausage topped with feta cheese, cucumber sauce & onions.  I have always loved my gyros, but this was something even better.  The fries were good too...freshly made, which is nice!  Unfortunately, I wasn't up on the different sauces that everyone else was dipping into.  You must have to special order those because I didn't know it was an option until seeing others eating them.It was very nice to have Fred, the owner, come hand deliver my meal and have a little small talk to get to know me.  The joynt was packed and he still cared...you don't see this anymore.  It seemed as though all of the patrons and restaurant staff were all good friends...just makes you want to come back, which I definitely will be doing!  I live in Crystal Lake, but after one trip I think I might be addicted!  What type of sausage will be explored next time?????
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,2/15/2011,172,208,3,6,5>The ice cream and bubble shakes at Village Creamery can be described with one word: "splendiferous!!!" They carry your usual flavors, and also plenty of Filipino favorites. Ube, Lychee, Avocado, Jack fruit, Coconut, and my favorite, Mango are just some of the specialty flavors they carry. They also carry the specialty flavors in quarts, and pints, although they are a bit pricey. They carry ice cream cakes, and they even serve hot food like empanadas, pancit palabok, and egg rolls. Seriously, I don't come here for the empanadas, but its nice of them to at least have it. In case you are wondering, the "bubble" in bubble shake is just tapioca pearls, but it just makes the shakes that much better. Village Creamy actually has two locations in the area, the other being down the road in Skokie, on Oakton St. There are fewer things that are as gratifying as having an ice cold Mango bubble shake on a hot, sunny, summer day. Actually, it doesn't have to be a hot, sunny, summer day for me to enjoy a scoop of ice cream heaven. FYI: They accept credit cards, with a minimum $10 purchase. So bring cash if you think you're spending less than $10.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,2/14/2011,20,37,4,4,3>I give it 5 stars mainly because of the experience. There are not many drive-in's around anymore, and mostly not in the Chicago land area. I would suggest making a plan for coming here, because you can bring your own food. So make sure you go get some of your favorite candies, drinks, or foods from restaurants, and get plenty because your gonna be there for 2 movies!! (even though you can leave whenever) Once you got all your food you get here and you go up to the teller and pay $9 per adult or $5 per kid (age 5-11), and that gets you into both films!!! Then you go to your parking spot, and no matter where you are you can see the screen very easily. They have radios for you to put in your window. Also there is a food center where you can get snacks if you forgot. VERY IMPORTANT: if it is the summer make sure you have bug spray, or something to keep the mosquitoes away, or else your going to want to leave very very quickly. Cascade is a great movie going experience!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,2/13/2011,83,281,4,5,4>Best Italian beef. End of story.With a decor straight out of another decade and prices to match, if you ever have a hankering for some Italian beef look no further. You can enjoy a sandwich, fries, Italian ice and a soda for under $10. That's a tasty deal if you ask me.If there were a downside it would be that they only accept cash. Meh, so what? There's an ATM machine right inside in case you forget that one rule. I want another sandwich just writing about it...
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,2/12/2011,29,51,3,4,3>I've been coming to Chuck's now for five years and it keeps getting better. I was at the Hillbilly Halloween last month and the music was fun, the crowd was great, but the kicker is the LATE NIGHT MENU that they offer. Seriously, after eating burritos and white castles for so long, you crave something better and Chuck's offers it.I had their Chicken Wings with chipotle and it was amazing. So good that I'm never eating wings at BW3 again.Dinner, lunch and breakfast are all top notch and while everyone raves about the BBQ, for me its the Cajun that I crave. And Chuck's does it really really well. I've never been to New Orleans, so I"m not even going to comment on authenticity. As long as its fresh, well presented and tasty, I'm all over it.I've brought family, friends, girlfriends and clients here and they've all raved about their meal.Patronize this place with an open mind and you'll see why its so highly rated! Open mind as in, you're going to see items on the menu that are NOWHERE else and don't 'fit into a box' of tex/mex/cajun/bbq. So, just order whatever tickles your fancy and be sure to review the specials menu before tackling their main menu.Cheers!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,2/10/2011,123,413,4,4,4>After my blowup at the local gym, I needed some spicy food. My friend and I were on our way to another Chinese restaurant when fate intervened and Ogden Ave was blocked off.Based on a recommendation, we ended up at Mapo. For a Thursday night this place was packed. We hardly could find parking. Is that bad? No, that means the food must be really good if people are jamming in.I ordered the Hunan Beef, Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and a Shrimp Fried Rice as a takeout (Argh, my mom). Now in my defense I thought the Beef Noodle was a cup of soup. Holy Lord, it was a big ass bowl! No wonder the waitress looked at me when I went on to order another dish.The spicy beef noodle is excellent. It lives up to the hype. It was all the flavors I love: beefy, spicy, cilantro-y, noodley ... perfection in a bowl. I could make a meal out of that alone. The Hunan beef was also very delicious. It was very flavorful and spicy without blowing your head off hot. The beef and veggies were also cooked perfectly. No too chewy meat or overly crunchy vegetables. Just yum. Prices are slightly higher but the portions are huge. I still have some leftovers that could last a couple days if I wasn't such an oinker.It's a shame I have probably drove past this place so many times (I've always seen the printing company signs) not knowing the deliciousness inside. Definitely a highly rated restaurant on my list and probably in the top three Chinese places in this area.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,2/9/2011,5,10,4,6,4>I turned the car around on Sunday to go here for brunch because my friend and I thought it looked funny on the outside with the ancient sign and old-school diner feel and might make for an interesting story. Fortunately, all my visions of random sketchy greasy food on dirty tables were shot to pieces. It was amazing. The couple who seem to own it are adorable and super-friendly, and the rest of the staff seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs. They all came over to sing happy birthday to a guy who seemed to be a regular, and our waitress was really fun to chat with when she came around. Everyone had a smile on their face, which effectively melted away all of the mid-winter cynicism that drove me to walk into a restaurant I was expecting to be terrible in the first place. The decor on the inside pretty much matches the sign on the outside. It is like stepping into a time warp of kitschy-ness, but I sort of wish I could live in it all the time. Anyway, the food. That is why people go to restaurants. So good. My friend and I shared a feta omelette and french pancakes with strawberries, both of which were delicious. The omelette was American style, beautifully golden on the outside and cooked perfectly. The french pancakes (I am unclear how this is different than crepes, which were right above them on the menu, but whatever), were also really good, and completely filled with strawberries. Simple comfort food that is prepared carefully. Delightful.Coffee was good but not life-changing, but more of it appeared at exactly every moment I wanted it to even though it was crowded in there on a Sunday around noon. We also paid much less than we would have at the trendier places in the area and had better food and service than I have experienced most places. I would move in if I could.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,2/8/2011,119,104,,5,3>Four stars for value and decent food.As previously reviewed, the portions are big and the prices are just right.  In addition to a falafel sandwich, we ordered a beef/steak shish kabob sandwich with baba ghanouj and knafeh for dessert.Falafel was far from the best, but not as dry as others described.  I tried knefah for the first time, and something tells me there are much better versions out there.  It was mushy and the cheese was too sweet.  This only leaves two more items to write about and validate my four-star review.Yes, the baba ghanouj and kabobs were that good.  Ok, ok, the kabobs were a little overcooked, but they tasted good.  And the baba ghanouj was like having an eggplant guacamole stuffed inside my kabob sandwich.  I paid an extra buck for it, and it was well worth it.  I feel so cheated when I pay an extra buck for a brush of guacamole on a burrito or burger.  So this extra dollar made me feel like it was well spent.I'll be back for meats as a platter or shawarma.  Skip the dessert though.  Recommended.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,2/7/2011,213,305,13,11,11>My boyfriend has been putting up with my crap for three years now, and it seemed like something to celebrate.  Enter Raffi's on Fifth!  Because it's stealthily located within the old Fifth Avenue Station near downtown Naperville, it can be easily overlooked when planning a nice dinner out - but really, it should be at the top of your list!  We had difficulty settling on one appetizer, since everything sounded good, but we ended up getting that night's special: smoked salmon rolled up with crab salad and served over greens.  It was light and delicious, a perfect way to start our meal.For my entree, I couldn't not get lamb.  Come on, you're in a Mediterranean restaurant, you HAVE to get lamb.  I chose the lamb kebobs, and... sd;alfkjsd;lfads;kjdsdf;alsdkf;dlksfkja  What?  Oh, sorry, that was just my fingers spasming from the memory of those tender, juicy, flavorful, medium-rare lamb kebobs, marinated in red wine and tomatoes, and delicately flavored with mint.  They were accompanied by rice pilaf and roasted onions, tomatoes, and bell peppers.  This dish was incredible, and I can't recommend it enough.My boyfriend ordered the fettuccine alfredo with shrimp.  This classic pasta dish didn't offer any surprises - I mean, you know what you're getting with fettuccine alfredo - but it was also probably the best fettuccine alfredo I've ever tasted in a restaurant.  The sauce was creamy and rich (but not too heavy), and the shrimp were very plump and had kind of a smoky flavor.  Very good...although my boyfriend conceded that my lamb kebobs were superior.  Nothing beats delicious, well-prepared lamb.  That's just the way it is.The service was attentive and polite, although our waiter was definitely a Seinfeldian "low talker"...I half-expected him to try and sell me a puffy shirt for my upcoming appearance on "The Today Show."  The ambiance is semi-fine dining - the decor is lovely, but not so posh or stuffy that an impoverished grad student like myself would feel uncomfortable.  It's perfect for a fancy anniversary dinner or just a nice evening out with friends.  To use a sartorial analogy, Raffi's is like a cute blazer, in that you can dress it up or down depending on the occasion.Chic, versatile, and delicious!  Rah rah for Raffi's!
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,2/6/2011,62,78,8,8,7>Local music, good eats, and friendly staff, what else are you lookin' for on a Saturday night?Muldoon's is an American/Irish Pub.  They have a great bar menu and you must try their sliders (prevents hangovers).   The drinks are easy on the gullet and the wallet.  They can also do some pretty amazing things with Guinness (ask my wife, she did NOT have the sliders, Great Night/BAD morning).When they have live music the band sets up in the corner right next to the bar which may lead you to tripping into them, but what the heck you can buy them a beer apology.  The bartender was great and enjoyed his job.  He even laughed at my jokes.  I tipped him well.A great night starts next door at Tasting Devine (wine shop) and finshes at Muldoon's (or rather when you safely make it home).
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,2/5/2011,83,164,5,7,8>Looking to catch a flick without breaking the bank? Here's your place!Spent all of $25.00 on a night out for me and my son.This included two movie tickets, large popcorn, large soda, large icee PLUS cheesecake, ice cream and coffee next door after!Yes, we pigged out...butWhat a bargain!Can't remember the last time I spent so little to check out a show, let alone get anything extra!Theater is very basic...but nicely remodeled and very clean. No noisy kids talking over the movie, so you can hear and enjoy your movie.Their snacks are regular concession stand priced (gotta make their money somewhere).Popcorn is always the big decision maker for me...too many places serve up stale popcorn that has been sitting around for a while, and you can top it off with nasty artificial grease that upsets my belly.Their popcorn here was nice, fresh and fluffy. Didn't see any butter around...but it didn't need any...had the right amount already.This theater is better then the old "bucket" we had in the City. For those who don't know what a bucket is...just a nickname we gave to the $1.00 shows that were around.Unfortunately all of these closed down...so I was estatic to find this place.Sure, you're not going to find movies that just hit the theaters that weekend and enjoy stadium seating. But the screen is great quality, the seats comfy and the sound great! Can't beat that!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,2/4/2011,91,73,6,7,6>I love love love popcorn! :9   I have an extra "popcorn stomach" when it comes to having popcorn at the usual places you eat it....movies....home, amusement parks, etc. :)Whenever I come to Naperville, which is about 40 minutes south of me, I go and grab myself a bag of either Cheesy Pop or Combo Pop.  I've tried The Popcorn Palace, which is good, but their Chicago Mix is a bit too much caramel corn to cheese corn.  (I prefer the cheese corn myself.)  Kernel Fabyan's Combo Pop has the right mix of Caramel and Cheese Corn in their Combo Pop mix, it's awesome! I like the flavor of Kernel Fabyan's Cheesy Pop...much cheesier and you can tell they make it there freshly everyday.Way addicting and definitely a place to go for caramel corn, cheese corn, or just regular popcorn.Parking though is a challenge though, but if the main parking lot is full, you can go to the parking garage right next to the store.If you love popcorn and are in Naperville....grab a bag of Combo Pop! You won't forget it!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,2/2/2011,117,89,2,4,2>Why is it that when something is so accessible we tend to ignore it? I am hoping that the incredible accessibility to fresh bread in Wood Dale, Illinois does not pass residents by, when El Blondina Bakery is just a hop, skip and a jump away. I live only a few blocks from La Blondina and finally ventured in the other day. Adorable decor and fresh baked goodness welcomed me inside. I love the European feel to the bakery and the fact that their homemade bread is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside (just how it should be, if you ask me). There were not a ton of bread selections but it was only 20 minutes before they closed; I will be back almost daily for practical application. On a last minute decision, I purchased a small, homemade Tiramisu to bring to a friend's home. I usually do all my own baking but was getting new counter tops (why I was going to my friends that night for dinner) and OMG... delicious! I am a tirimisu-snotty-pants and this treat was friggin' amazing! I. will. be. back. for. more. The owner told me they are heavy into catering and hope to have a deli soon. I will be reporting back with deli news but until then I will be eating their fresh bread weekly (and tirimisu whenever I feel like rewarding myself).
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,2/1/2011,57,104,2,9,3>So just to be honest, we were actually gonna go to Antico Posto for dinner and they couldn't get us in until 8pm. So, still in the need for Italian food we decided to check out La Tosca. (We usually order pizza delivery from them, their thin crust is just plain awesome... with ricotta, sausage and fresh spinach, omg) We pulled up and there was a good amount of cars in the lot, always a good sign (especially on a ultra cold night in the Chicago land area). And we strolled on in. We were greeted immediately by a gracious hostess and she sat us in this little room, and it was just us.. and only us in the room.. at first it seemed kinda awkward, but then service began and we were surely impressed.The server, Patricia, seemed to know an awful lot about the food and was more than happy to tell us about the "family" that owned the place. We were pondering over the wine, specials.. regular menus.. they have a lot to offer. Our server dropped off a sample of wine that she liked.. since we told her that we were really up in the air about what we were going to order, beverage wise. It was a good red.. J. Lohr Cab.We ended up ordering a couple of glasses of Sauv. Blanc to pair with the perfect baked clams that we ordered as an app. The clams were possibly the best baked clams that we have had in a long time. It was all clam and just enough breading and not the other way around... a little fresh lemon on the side was the perfect additive.Soup or salad is included with each dinner.. so my husband ordered the homemade minestrone and I ordered the fresh green salad with a great creamy garlic dressing. They make all of their soups and salad dressings from scratch... and you can tell!For our entrees we ordered the Pappadelle with Italian sausage, mushrooms and a beautiful red sauce. I ordered their Gnocchi in their bolognase sauce.... Their entrees I believe could feed a family of five. Everything was so fresh and yummy... and huge! You certainly get what you pay for, in tenfold!  We ended up eating about half our dinners each. The other half we had wrapped to go, it will feed us for a couple more dinners!We were gonna pass on dessert, but then we found out that "Mama" makes the Tiramisu from scratch, as well as the cannolli and panna cotta on the weekends... omg. So we ordered the Tiramisu and a couple of cappuccinos. The dessert was great.. but the coffees could use some help.End all be all.. it was a very successful dinner all the way around. We will be back to try some of the more interesting dishes. And we will always order their pizza!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,1/31/2011,69,457,3,5,4>Wow!  Thanks, Yelp, for leading me here- you did not disappoint!We went on a Saturday evening at about 5:30 and there was no wait. By the time we were done the restaurant was full with people waiting for tables. It has a nice ambiance inside (cool lighting) and our waiter (Ryan N) was awesome. He was friendly, down to earth, helpful and attentive. The pretzel appetizer was AMAZING! At first I thought three big pretzels would be too much but they were lighter than expected, the three dips (honey mustard, tomato parmesan and cheese) were incredible, and the four of us polished them off within minutes! Wow- best appetizer ever.For some reason everyone with me ordered the brat, which came with grainy mustard and fries. I got the peppercorn burger- wow!!! It had peppercorn seasoning, ranch, tomato, lettuce, pickle, crispy onions and I added bacon. It was huge and juicy and SO delicious. I had to cut it in half with a knife. Good thing they give you big napkins- it was pretty messy. The beer was a hit as well. And the broccoli cheese soup.We are definitely going back again- I LOVE it when we find a new favorite restaurant!(3-6-11- You HAVE to try the Scandalous Chocolate Torte with raspberry sauce- wow- delicious!!! You can take it home if you don't have room after your meal- it travels well. Wow!!!)
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,1/30/2011,60,239,4,3,3>Serino's is one of those places that takes me back in time.  Growing up on the NW side, I used to pedal my bike to a little storefront sub shop at the corner of Belmont & Central Pk.  Jimmy's had a small menu with maybe 7 or 8 sandwiches and the only "sides" were your choice of Jay's chips. But, man did Mr. Jimmy make the best subs around.  He used Gonnella French bread, the kind that Mom used to grab out of the tall barrels at the A&P or The National.  You know it had that hard crust but tasted so good on the inside.  I loved the end pieces and would ask Mr or Mrs Jimmy if I could have the end piece.  They were always so nice to us little snot-noses as long as we behaved in their shop.Mr & Mrs Jimmy's really built a heckuva sub sandwich.  It's not like the corporate sub chains where you get precisely 3 slices of meat and two slices of cheese BUT you can have all of the iceberg lettuce you want!  And some of these chains brag about how they bake their own bread "so many times a day".  Yeah, big deal, it still tastes like doughy fluff.  How boring...OK, that's right, I'm reviewing Serino's.  Sorry for the time warp.  We've had subs from Serino's at least a half dozen times and we love 'em.  I'll drive past 2 Subway's and a Quizno's just to go to Serino's, they're that good.  Let's see, I've had the Italian, American, Serino Special and Paesano.  You know, I can't say that I have a favorite.  I love them all.Veggie friendly?  Serino's has you covered.  The Caprese (grilled eggplant, fresh mozzarella and tomatos) is fantastic!  They also have a "Veggie" which is mostly cheese.  My wife isn't a big meat lover and loves it when I surprise her with a Caprese for dinner.  I even like them especially with a glass of Pinot Noir. They have a nice little deli area where you can buy meats, cheeses and specialty salads.  I have bought the small containers of salads to go with our subs and have never been disappointed.Here's a little tip when you want to cook up a quick pasta and red gravy for a fast meal.  Try Serino's Marinara or Meat Gravy that they have on the counter with a box of Barilla pasta.  Their pasta sauces are cooked right there by a lady that could be "Mama Serino" and are better than anything you can buy in the store. Geez, this was an awfully long review for a sub shop.  Sorry about that but I really like the place.  The only thing preventing me from giving it 5 stars is they don't use that crispy, crunch Gonnella bread that I love.  Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good bread but just not quite Gonnella.  If they ever switched to that great bread, I think I would have to find me a Schwinn Stingray, put a baseball card in the spokes and travel back in time to 1971.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,1/29/2011,78,342,2,2,2>Wow!  I just had a major experience at this place.  I kept seeing this place pop up in my Yelp Feed and they were all 5 star reviews.  So I set out on a mission to try this incredible sushi that I had been hearing all about.  Finding it was the hardest part of my journey - I wish that I had read the review that said that this sushi restaurant is actually inside of the Chinese BBQ restaurant.  Once I got there, I saw this small sushi bar and about 5 tables.  The waitress was really friendly and was happy to make suggestions - there were several specialty rolls to choose from, so if you like that kind of thing like I do you will be happy here.  I ordered the Salmon Obsession, Yellow Tail and Scallion and the Spicy Crunch.  All of them were excellent and I would absolutely get them again - though I also want to try some of the other fabulous creations of Chef Soon.  The best part of this place is the feeling you get here.  It is kind of hard to explain, you almost have to go and experience it yourself.  I felt like I was in this underground foodie paradise - Chef Soon and his assistant come to the tables and talk to you.  They want to make sure that you love what you are eating and that you will come back for more.  I could tell by watching some of the interactions between Chef Soon and his patrons that they had been to this place several times and that they appreciated both his food and his company.  I can't agree more with Dana when I say that it is so obvious that these people love what they do, and when you find a restaurant that displays this kind of quality, you are impressed.  I do hope that Chef Soon gets his own place someday because I do think he could use some more space and an easier to find location.  I wonder if people can sit in the BBQ seating area if the sushi area fills up - not sure about this.  All I know is that  I will back soon
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,1/28/2011,92,360,2,7,6>SIlver Lake is a small chain of 7-8 Chinese restaurants in the west / northwest suburbs. I'm pretty confident that Roselle was its first location.This is our third time eating here. We ordered the pot stickers for an appetizer, and boy, I really wish every Chinese restaurant would decide to pan-fry them instead of steaming. Pan-fried, they're a bit crispy on the sides, and taste much better. They're served with a fermented fish sauce and red chili sauce -- use both, although if you're sensitive to hot foods, the red chili sauce can get very hot.Just for kicks, I ordered a Silver Shrimp and Scallop from the house specialties menu. Theoretically, this dish shouldn't work - it's shrimp and scallops, breaded, then pan-fried, then drenched in a sweet cream (?) sauce, with sesame seeds and steamed broccoli. Despite questioning the wisdom of covering fried breading with white sauce, this was fantastic--the scallops and shrimp were cooked just right (not rubbery), and the sweetness of the cream sauce wasn't distracting.My wife ordered the Empress Chicken, which features fried, breaded chicken, green peppers and carrots covered with a sweet BBQ sauce and sesame seeds. This was also made perfectly.Is this authentic Chinese food? Probably not. But it's the best place to find Chinese food if you don't intend to drive into Chinatown itself--and from my experience, Silver Lake now beats, hands down, some of those popular restaurants in that neighborhood.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,1/27/2011,65,785,,6,4>Bien Trucha is indeed a little gem of a place near ol' downtown Geneva.  It's been on our bookmark list for a while, and it seemed like a good time to try it at an off time like 1:20pm on a Sat, but we still had to wait 35 minutes, which wasn't bad given its capacity.  This little place has about 10 seats at the bar, and maybe table seating for 24 or so I would estimate, and it seems to be a sort of yuppy hot spot in town.  I can now see why folks usually have to wait an hour+ or whatever outside the door.Everything is freshly made and tasty.  I really enjoyed the bean paste with the tortilla chips, and don't ever recall having such in the past with chips.  We also had the cazuelitas de camarones (like a cheesy casserole, this one with shrimp) and served with 4 little flour tortillas, as well as tacos Arrachera (4 soft tacos with skirt steak and guacamole).   Overall, I would have considered a 5 star rating for our outing, but both dishes were over the top salty, and I don't know if it was off or if typical. The interior was clean and chic, and not dated as the plain exterior might imply.  The bar area was busy with patrons and their ~$10-$12 exotic and fruity Mexican drinks.  They give you clean plates for each dish, leave a carafe of water, and have nice music going - all nice touches.  It's slightly pricey for the serving sizes, but you get freshness and quality here.  Main drawback again is it's tiny.  We've tried it now, and I don't think I'll want to wait for an hour or so in future, but it would be a fun place to take a visitor who is willing to wait.  They've been in business for 3 years, and needless to say  - no reservations!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,1/26/2011,294,135,5,8,7>I love the look of this place, the amount of room both inside and on the patio, the music they have playing there, and love that they have an eco friendly approach to the operation of their restaurant. I may not be a professional restaurant critic nor am I an excellent writer with an extensive vocabulary, but I don't need to be either to say that I loved my evening full of deliciousness at Prasino.We started with cocktails. I had the Acai Mojito, which was pretty damn good. One of my friends had the Kombucha-berry Martini and it was very tasty--I think it was the agave nectar that gave it that extra tastiness. Another one of my friends ordered the Blueberry Banana smoothie--OMG this smoothie was awesome in the delicious department--so we all ordered smoothies too. We tried the Banana Piña Colada smoothie--meh, actually, kinda blah. We also tried the Tropical Berry smoothie, which was good, but not as delicious as the Blueberry Banana smoothie.For appetizers, we ordered the Whole Wheat Flat Breads--ALL OF THEM. Yes, we ordered the Summer Vegetable, Greco, Margherita, and The Farm, and inhaled them. That's right, INHALED. We only took the first bite and decided that skip the whole mastication process after that because it only delayed the deliciousness from reaching our tummies!As for dinner, I can only comment on the Niman Ranch Lamb Sandwich because it was so delicious I didn't want to try anyone else's dinner for fear of suffering from a sensory overload in my taste buds.Lamb Shoulder + Herb Ciabatta + Chipotle Mayo + Avocado + Cilantro + Tomato = Punch You In The Face DELICIOUSOh yeah, the Niman Ranch Lamb Sandwich comes with a side of Garlic Wedge Potatoes too. These potato wedges are ginormous and will put you in a food coma. I'm glad I didn't sit in one of the comfy booths because I would have certainly taken a nap!Based on my experience at Prasino, and those of the friends I was with, I'd have to say that this place deserves a solid five star Yelp rating. They have delicious organic food, great background music, a beautiful eco friendly space, and an awesome staff that was helpful, knew what they were talking about, and made sure we were well taken care of.I'll definitely go back to Prasino for breakfast, go to my car and fall into a food coma for a few hours, then walk back into Prasino for lunch. Stay tuned for updates!Holla!!!™
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,1/25/2011,63,83,4,5,4>I originally thought I'd give this place only 4 stars, but the more I thought about it, I realized I just had to give it 5...I just couldn't think of a single thing I disliked, and things here are not just "good" or "not bad" or even "great"...everything I had was awesome, delicious, A++++, super, duper, mega awesomely awesome.  Now I think I might be a little biased because pretty much everything they serve is one of my favorite foods ever.  Good wine?  Yes please!  Assorted meats and cheeses?  Hell yeah!  Unique bruschettas?  Bring it on!So here's the lowdown on some specific foods I had on my latest visit...we didn't order actual entrees, but opted for an assortment of appetizers and plates to share.  Although, I should mention I have tasted various entrees including the gnocchi and salmon, all of which were superb.  But alas, I am a big fan of the snacks-as-a-meal form of eating, and since DOC has such great apps, I find it hard to make myself order an entree.  Okay, back to the specifics...We got one of their Butcher's Plates were you can pick an assortment of meats and cheeses which are served with assorted bread and crackers (and how can you go wrong with cheese and wine?).  We had aged gouda, gruyere, blue cheese, and prosciutto.  The gouda was perfectly smokey, do not pass that one up!  The gruyere was perfectly hard and crumbly, how I like it, and the blue cheese...oh baby - and I don't even like blue cheese!  It's like no other blue cheese you've ever had.  Those poor quality, stinky, cheap blue cheeses you find in salad dressing or as crumbles at the grocery store give this blue cheese a bad name!  It's served with an apricot jam that just pairs with it perfectly, giving such a great balance of flavors.  The prosciutto was sliced super thin, which I love, and had great flavor, not too salty.  It went great with the gruyere.We also had the "Daily Dip Duo" which was fresh made guacamole and roasted red pepper hummus.  The guac was super tasty - actually it tasted a lot like the guac I make, so it's gotta be good, right?  :P  The hummus was great because you could actually taste the roasted red pepper - I hate when a place says hummus is a certain "flavor" and you don't even get a hint of said flavor.So what else?  Bruschetta baby!  We got a plate where we got to choose three kinds (from a list of maybe 6 or 7).  We had the traditional mozzarella, tomato, basil one, the roasted red pepper and goat cheese one, and the ricotta, pistachio, and honey one. All were absolutely delish!  The bread was perfect - not too hard, not too soft.  The toppings went together perfectly.  The goat cheese was creamy and tart.  The ricotta, pistachio, honey was a little sweet, but not too sweet.  Yum!So last but not least for our appetizer feast...chorizo-stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates.  o.m.g.  If you are a carnivore, such as myself - GET THESE!  So many wonderful flavors!  The date was sweet, but the chorizo countered that just right, the bacon was smokey and crisp and went perfectly with the tomato-y sauce it's all served with.  Ooooooh baby, I want more!...Then dessert (hey my husband ordered it!)...they don't have much as far as dessert goes, but you don't need to when you have giant, warm, skillet-cooked chocolate chip cookies served with ice cream!  Since we were celebrating my birthday, I indulged...and it was grand.So what else?  The wine!  They have pretty much anything you can ask for...it is a wine bar after all.  What I'm especially fond of is their specials on certain days from everything from half-priced bottles, to half-priced flights, to half-priced glasses.  You can definitely drink well for decent prices with specials like that.  I also like that they have other special event nights, like ladies night, which offers drink specials, manis, and massages or movie nights with drink specials, free popcorn, etc.  I have to get to DOC for one of those some night soon!The service was absolutely great.  We had a large party and not a single thing was out of place.  Our waiter was attentive and great.  The ambiance is nice and intimate.  The place is kinda small, but they take reservations.  All in all, I wish I lived closer so I could come here more often...I'll be going back again in no time, I'm sure!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,1/24/2011,57,59,,8,3>Oh god, the sandwiches. Ellie's deli is a little Polish deli shop off of Plainfield/Naperville Road and 104th that is the cutest thing since sliced bread. My boyfriend took me here because he found some pretty good stuff about the place on the web, so we decided to check it out.The place is a like a deli-convenience store love child: it features the sandwich counter and a few foodstuffs for sell. They stock both polish and american items and even have a decent wine selection if you're trying to keep everything in budget. My boyfriend got the Venetian sandwich, which was pretty darn good when I snagged a taste. I went for the Brazilian: italian bread, thinly sliced ham, lettuce, red bell peppers, and pesto sauce. YUM! One of the best deli sandwiches I've ever had the pleasure of consuming.The women working the store were very nice: attentive without being in your face and they really know how to make a sandwich! The gals even gave us a clip-card thingy: eat a certain number of sandwiches, get one free! Excellent.And for two people and a drink, the entire meal came in at around $12. The sandwiches were so much better than your typical Quizno-Subway sandwich shops and the fact that they are much cheaper makes me a very happy Evelyn. I'll basically be stalking Ellie's Deli from now on.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,1/23/2011,47,165,2,7,3>We met friends here tonight based on the reviews and were very pleased. The restaurant is tastefully decorated with artwork that is for sale, which was fun to look at! Service was great and personable. We were all impressed with the owner coming out individually to each table to not only ask how dinner was, but also to thank us for coming in. And, he was genuine. Wow... hospitality you just don't see too often anymore! I had the Parmesan encrusted chicken based on the reviews, and i agree it was great. My only wish was for more sauce (because it was so good!!)... but that would have blown portion control out of the window, and I'm glad the chef didn't give me any more than I got. My husband got the mushroom Swiss burger and waffle fries. He said it was a meal he would remember for a long time. I had a little nibble of one fry, and I have to say... perfection. Another member of our party had the crab mac and cheese and it was also good. The hot chocolate, was really tasty and perfect for a cold night like tonight. I may be incorrect, but I think it had malt in it. YUM! We shared a HUGE brownie for $2.50, and still someone went home with 1/2 the brownie. It was really rich and the frosting on top was delightful. The only way that brownie could have been better is if it had walnuts in it instead of chips. I noticed the menu had economy lunches. I would most definitely dine here regularly for lunch if I worked in the area. Overall the pricing was great and the food and service were as well. This is the type of restaurant I always seek--the family-owned with personal touch. We will definitely be back!
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,1/22/2011,49,309,2,7,2>I took my MIL and SIL to this place the other day for a fun girl's outing.For $9/person we chose between 14 + 3 warm holiday wines to taste. We had 7 choices of 1 oz. tastes. It was really nice. There are equal choices of reds to whites and two fruit wines. For the experience, $9 for the equivalent of 1 glass of win was great. We were there about an hour and a half, so it was a fun experience. That's why you go, right?The woman running the place actually owns the same tasting room in Wheaton (which she said, get this, they have a more lenient ruling and are even allowed to sit down and drink outside! But, they only offer 7 wines and you don't get to choose... but also have wines by the glass). Her husband is actually the winery owner at Lynfred. His name is Fred and his ex wife is Lyn. She was a sweet woman and said she would really love to serve wines by the glass at this tasting room, but Naperville is strict. More strict than Wheaton, weird! So currently you can only taste and purchase bottles of wine to go. She isn't even allowed to have chairs in there... hence the chair or stool void room. The bar is a stand only, but it's really nice. The ambiance is great, but we only saw women in the place. It would be a nice place to go on a date night. It's not open late though, so consider the hours when you decide to go there.We'll be back for another girl's night soon. Very nice.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,1/21/2011,341,162,7,9,9>When someone has a valid, honest, yet negative opinion about you, you can handle it two ways: Wrong way:: pout and run away crying, cursing about how wrong they are. FAIL. Right way:: (The way Lemon Tree Grocer handled the constructive criticism from my friend Brooke H. after a not so pleasant experience.) Take it to heart, learn from it and invite them back for a do-over. Prove you can do better. WIN I was just lucky enough to be invited to tag along and was more that happy with the entire experience! We walked in and were promptly greeted with a hand shake and a wine glass. Now THAT'S my kind of welcoming! Jill explained how the event works (they have them every Thursday with different themes for a small fee) and led us on our way. We made our rounds and downed every sample. I can honestly say even with the vast variety of flavors, there was only one wine we all didn't like. The vendors were all so nice and joked with us. Not pompous at all. We even talked about crop dusting with John. It was the cheeese!!! Now that we are good and lit off the tasty libational sampling, on to dinner! We were having so much fun we decided to stay. The menus are set up so you can personalize every part of your meal. You even write your name on the top. Everyone in my group ordered something different so we could sample and share. Everything was de-lish!!! The owner, Shaun, was even kind enough to stop by and make sure we had everything we needed and tell us ahead of time what menu items were sold out. Now, I normally forget to save room for desert and this was no exception.... but once I peered into the bakery case and drooled on my shoe, it was a different story. So yummy! I can't even go into it. Save room for desert. You won't be disappointed. This place is amazing, unique, and actually cares about their customers. A well deserved 5 stars!! Lemon Tree, add on another reg! (that's me)
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,1/20/2011,80,106,2,5,4>I make regular trips here for food, treats, and even kitschy birthday gifts for my friends. Yes, they have GREAT gifts for your bipedal friends too - like baby clothes, purses, barware, jewelry, giftwrap, gadgets and gizmos, and even cards. Why go to Petco and Hallmark, get it all here!This place is a great local shop, with truly expert employees who know their stuff and will help you find whatever you need for your four legged furry friends.  I especially love the little bakery area where you can stock up on all kinds of pet friendly biscotti, muffins and cookies. My dog even knows the sound of the bag and comes running when she hears it.Prices are extremely reasonable given this is a boutique on a very snazzy street in downtown Oak Park.  Easy parking in several lots, or metered parking on the street, and accessible via Metra and the Green Line as well.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,1/19/2011,161,158,3,4,3>I've been coming here for years since they opened.  It's always a fun place to go and to show your friends.  "There's only like 2 of these in the 60 miles radius, you know" (I don't know, but they don't know that).  The cool stuff:  you get to watch a movie while lounging on an all executive-leather chair, getting your fingers dirty and saucy on a burger or chicken wings.  Notice: an order is required per person so you can't get away with just a water (at least not if the staff can notice). Tip: come with friends (it's much more fun), come hungry, and if possible, come with a coupon in hand.  They give out coupons on a regular basis for free entrance passes for two.  If you sign up to be part of their email club, they usually send your passes for free screenings too.  So overall, there's really no excuse not to check this place out especially when you can see a free movie for the price of a meal.  Just last week, I saw The American, The Other Guys, and Eat Pray Love all for free!!Their food is OK, not the best but you'll live with it since you'll be so distracted in trying to keep up with the storyline.  And it's also nice that at this theater, you wont see too many tweens.  They serve alcohol so it's restricted admission.  Yay to no more kids kicking in the back of your chair as you're trying to sit back.And my last tip is, don't go here if you are going to be serious about watching something.  Between all the whispering to the waiters about your order, them ducking with the person in front of you and behind you, them juggling to get the tray of food in to you in the dark while trying carefully not to spill on you, you will find yourself looking up every 10 minutes going "What?? What happened? What did I missed?"  And likely, your friends wont fill you in on any of it because they either missed it too or they're just cruel.  Yeah, I went here to watch Inception and.... totally didn't get it.  Was far to distracted by my wings.... P.S:  The Coconut room is the best room in the house.  Hope that your movie is there at least once because it has a star-lit ceiling (not real stars though).
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,1/18/2011,428,1216,4,9,8>This was downright fantastic.  Date and I arrived on a Sunday at about 4:15, before dinner service, in one of those weird days of starting with a late breakfast and skipping lunch.  Dinner doesn't begin until 5, but the cheese bar was open.  Cheese it was!  A flight of five, including a terrific sheep cheese and a salty goat, and excellent jam.  It held us until dinner.Dinner!  Yes...golden beet salad with arugula and a carpaccio plate.  So good.  Date had the black bean soup and the mac/cheese.  Mac/cheese fans, you MUST partake of the Marion Street Cheese Market macaroni and cheese.  I can't say I've ever tasted a nicer sauce.Drinks were a flight of south american wines for me, some fancy yet masculine cocktail for him.Dessert: chocolate.  'Nuff said, my friends.Service: attuned.  I appreciated that they offered to get rid of the television when they noticed I made a face when I saw it.  We were the only ones in the room at the time, and *shoom* the big screen faded into the ceiling without a care.Nice beer list.  Accessible, but good choices.  I will be back.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,1/17/2011,99,133,6,12,9>It was bound to happen. My foodie hubris chased me down, pushed me to the ground and stuffed me full with sinfully delicious food.   I thought I knew all the Chinese restaurant trade secrets:1. Put all your customers in seats by the windows so it looks like the restaurant is packed when people do a drive by to scope it out.     a. Make sure the customers in the window are Asian, it'll draw  White   and Chinese people to the restaurant because they'll think it's authentic.  2. Have 2 separate menus with completely different items. 1 for the authentic food and 1 for the Americanized food. Asian Bistro apparently said psshh to the rules. As we were doing the drive by bf was getting cold feet, it looked like no one was in there. I convinced him to give it a shot. We walk in and there were actually quite a few people in the restaurant and they are all Chinese! Turns out the English and Chinese menu has all the same items! Originally, I had read the raving reviews for Asian Bistro and was a skeptic. If this place was SO good, how come I haven't heard about it from the Chinese community? Um...turns out maybe I'm not THAT Chinese. I realized this when the server gave me a menu all in Chinese. After a few minutes of pretending I had to come clean and tell her that I'm pretty much illiterate. To which she responded, Sorry, I'm so embarrassed (those words are the most uttered words in the Chinese language). Hmmmm...more like I'm so embarrassed. I was so excited that she assumed I could read based on my spoken Chinese. I didn't want to disappoint and thought I might be able to pull it off! The furthest I've gotten before was just been asked which menu I wanted. Anyways, on to the food. Literal translation of the dishes we ordered (English name may differ):lamb cooked 2 ways- one side was mongolian style the other side was a spicy lamb. The spicy lamb tasted like something I would find in an Indian restaurant. Flavored with cumin, other spices and lots of heat! So good. The mongolian lamb was the winner. Wasn't too salty, wasn't too saucy. Def not the kind you get at P.F. Changs. Lamb was cooked perfectly for both dishes! Tender and plump!  vegetarian chicken - Everyone makes this dish differently which is why I sometimes don't like to order it. It's basically lots of thin layers of tofu skin. The Asian Bistro version is my favorite. Lots of shitake mushrooms folded into the many layers of tofu. Delicate and tasty! empty heart veggie (veggie core is hollow)  - it's so hard to get this anywhere in the 'burbs. I've been craving this veggie for so long. it was cooked perfectly. wasn't too oily or too salty which is often the case at other places. We looked around to see what other people were getting. It all looked awesome! This place is legit. I can't wait to go back and try more items on their menu!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/16/2011,116,200,6,12,12>As an unabashed gamer geek I think gaming stores are among the most important stores around. I stood in Games Plus tonight browsing and making small talk with the owner Rich and the counter help for the evening Bob. Two honest, good nerds like myself who loved all things gaming and were passionate about their pursuits. Back and forth geeks of all ages fluttered, some old and some young, some with kids of their own and it struck me: Real, honest-to-goodness gaming can and should never die. Pen and paper, dice tossing gaming. That stuff binds generations together. Connects parents to kids and siblings to one another and strengthens the bonds of friendship like nothing on earth can.What else can you do with people where you rely on their cunning and smarts, their good judgement and instincts? Creativity and their fearless pursuit of self-enrichment? It might seem melodramatic but there's something irreplaceable about sitting around a table lined with junk food and Mountain Dew slaying ogres with your ogre slaying knife (it's got a +9 against ogres!) and not giving two craps what the outside world thinks or says. Real, honest-to-goodness gaming that is threatened every day by Call of Duty, Black Ops and a bevy of other online options that rob us of that camaraderie and connection, replaced by solitude and weak social bonds. No, real gaming has to live on and watching the folks coming and going tonight drives that home all the more.Games Plus is outrageously important. It's big, well stocked with games from every corner of the planet and then some and their dedication and attention to detail is second to none. They have plenty of room for people to sit down and try out the new wares they've bought and parking is plentiful and free. It's next to the Metra for the carless city dwellers and close to lots of food options so you won't perish during whatever epic session you find yourself in.In this Xboxed, Wii'd out world where oftentimes kids are segregated from their parents it's places like Games Plus that will serve as our salvation and deliver us from the ills that tear us apart. I'm Matt W, proud gamer geek and I whole heartedly recommend Games Plus.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,1/15/2011,43,79,4,6,5>I am addicted to County Farm Bagels.  The first step is admitting you have a problem right? Every time I drive down Geneva and County Farm road, I have to force myself not to stop but my car somehow wheels itself out front the big red Bagels sign.  Not only are the bagels awesome (and come in so many varieties I haven't come close to trying them all yet) but the cream cheeses come in so many flavors, the combinations are endless!  Hands down, the crack of my addiction to the bagel shop is the sauteed pepper and egg sandwich.  I get it on a garlic bagel with their awesome Green Mountain coffee, and when I am done, I want it again and again. This place is easy to miss in a busy strip mall on two busy cross streets, but do yourself a favor and check it out.  Try not to get addicted like me.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,1/14/2011,363,708,8,9,7>Random apostrophes really, really bother me.Who is Anyway? Is this his or her restaurant? No? I rather thought not.But bad punctuation aside (and sadly, yes, this is how it appears on the building), Anyway[']s is a solid upscale sports bar-type eatery.We came on New Year's Eve - fairly early - and half expected to wait awhile, but we were seated right away. The interior is very nice, with rich, warm wood, a couple of fireplaces and comfy seating. And lots of flat-panel TVs for whatever game is on.The menu is decently varied and I had a hard time deciding, but I went with one of the specials, a turkey melt on ciabatta with havarti and spring greens. And in true M. family fashion, we started with nachos.The nachos were solid, not fantastic but good enough to get them again. Tons of cheese (some of it not-quite melted), a little skimpy on the refried beans, decent guacamole, good salsa, plenty of ground beef. My sandwich was very good; the only mild disappointment was that the turkey appeared to be processed deli-cut, as opposed to nice pieces of a roasted turkey (like Thanksgiving leftovers). But the bread was quite good, the pesto mayo and havarti delicious. The fries were solid. Service was friendly and competent, no problems there.Next time I'd like to try something different on their vast menu, but I was definitely pleased enough that I'm sure we'll be back.Edit: We came back, just over a month later -- and I must say, the mac & cheese (with tomato, bacon, onion and a garlicky-crumb crust) is AWESOME. I make some good mac & cheese, and this blew mine away. Carb-o-licious heaven.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,1/13/2011,50,220,3,5,3>Moving up to Oak Park, one of my great fears was having a lousy Mitsubishi Galant with a class actionable defective paint job and not having anywhere to take it for regular oil changes and repairs. My first fix was a pretty big one given the Chicago winters - my heater was broken. I decided on this little shop that's within walking distance from my apartment, and I cannot tell you what  a great move I now feel I made.Being a big fan of anything and everything email, I sent Asian Domestic Authority an email via their website asking when they would be able to take a look at my car. The next day Walter emailed me back and came to my heating rescue. WALTER!!!!! I think he is incredibly nice and helpful. I had my car back within two days, and he even sent me an emailed picture of the work that he did. Whether it was to prove that he fixed something or just to show me what my car looked like without a dashboard, I don't care b/c I sincerely appreciated that he cared enough to TAKE A PICTURE OF MY CAR AND SEND IT TO ME. I was blown away that he cared so much to impress a new customer. The combination of warm air blowing throughout my car + only being charged $5 more than what I was quoted when I lived in St. Louis and went to the same folks I've gone to for 10 years made me truly believe that I had been extremely luck to have moved next to such a great car repair shop.   Thereafter, I've taken my car to Walter on a number of occasions (simple oil change and other more complex fixes) and have been completely satisfied each time. I also appreciate that he tells me other items that he thinks I need done when I take it in but that he doesn't push anything on me. It's like he really knows my car and just wants me to know what would extend its life. I trust Walter and think that other people should give Asian Domestic Authority a chance. Thanks, WALTER!!!!!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,1/12/2011,223,313,2,5,3>Even though my golf swing isn't the best, I always have fun at Top Golf.  Perfect place to come with a group of friends, munch on food, drink beers, and hit some balls.  But what makes Top Golf so fun is that each golf ball is programmed with your name and you get points by hitting them into the right targets.  All scores are tallied on the lcd screen and there are different games to choose from.  Don't have any clubs or left them at home?  Not a problem.  They rent out Taylor Made golf club sets free of charge.The servers are very friendly and they always have drink specials.  The food's pretty good as well.  They used to have chimichurri fries, which were excellent, but sadly they retired that item off the menu.There are 3 floors to choose from, including a bon fire/mini bar area on the top floor, and a clubhouse with private bays on the second floor.  They also have a miniature golf course and two 9-hole courses on the side.  Great place to hit some balls and hang out any day of the week!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/11/2011,574,590,4,7,5>For a self-sworn and diehard Francophile, this place cannot be beat. The selection of crepes, both savoury and sweet, is stupendous; the wine list has introduced my family and me to many a great bottle; and the service has never disappointed. Let's start with the service, because that may be my favorite part. The first time I went to Eiffel Bistrot earlier this year, the owner came out to speak to me after an introduction by the people sitting next to us (they were regulars and knew the owner personally). He stood and spoke to me for about 10 minutes, in French, about his chef background, where he was from, and we discussed our favorite things about France. It just made my day! The other servers and bartenders are also very attentive and friendly. They're always willing to help you choose something and suggest wine pairings. One time, the restaurant had a cocktail special consisting of lemonade mixed with chambord-flavored vodka. It was completely new and delicious. When we were finally able to find the vodka in store, we didn't hesitate to buy it! We would have never known about it had Eiffel Bistrot not been so ahead of the game. I really appreciate that. They also had a red wine flight which included a bottle of 14 Hands Cabernet. This has quickly become my new favorite wine and I'm happy to report that it's only about $12-14 in store!OK, next moving on to the food. Over our many visits this year, we have tried so many things. I usually like to try something savoury because I tend to replicate sweet crepes at home (nutella and banana=perfection). So we've had La Bourgignone and other specials of the day that sound too good to pass up. I've also had the Steak Tartare (because I am a sucker for raw meat). I've tried many of their salads and the duck dish. La Pissaladiere (caramelized onion and black olive tart) is delicious along with some authentic Belgian-served French Fries (served in a standup cone). Man, everything is good, you just have to go and try it.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,1/10/2011,257,283,6,4,3>Tired of driving to dinner AND driving to a movie? Why not drive to dinner AND a movie at the saaaaaaame place?!At $8 a ticket, you get 67% more bang for your buck per movie. Add to this the fact that you've got 1000% more ability to drink alcohol and get dinner, and multiply that by 12, and you'll quickly see that Hollywood Palms has the movie experience someone as wonderful as you deserves. No. I am not writing this in the post-movie drunken glow of a night at Hollywood Palms though it might appear so. But the mystique of the old movie decor (message me if you find the poster of the semi-nude actress and I'll send you 2 karma points) and almost tropical atmosphere in combination with the most excellent drink menu (including pitcher and martini specials on different days!) is most enticing. Recommendations:-Saturday night Rocky Horror performances at midnight (literally performances, complete with play-along kits available for purchase. dress up however you want.)-Whatever the coffee with butterscotch/amaretto is. Get several. Do not share.-The Super Chicken Burger--cheesy grilled garlic deliciousness!!!-Join the birthday club:  you will receive a coupon good for you + 8 guests to see a movie of YOUR choice during the month of your birthday! Is that a deal or what?Go ahead. Pamper yourself.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,1/9/2011,4739,1870,49,24,20>The review you are about to read is true. Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent. Except no one at a 4am bar is innocent so the story remains the same.On any given night (or wee morning hours) of the week, you can find 30+ top quality craft beers on tap here. 5 stars. To say that Brixie's is an institution would be a vast understatement. This bar is older than my grandmother, made it through the Great Depression, saw the first man on the moon, and probably partied like it was 1999 the whole way through. 5 stars.Now, any bar that's been able to stick around for so long is bound to have a few quirks, and I'd say Brixie's main eccentricities come in the form of it's customers. Don't be scurred, just be prepared for an experience that could be filed under peculiar, offbeat (in a good way), and/or downright bizarre... but keeps you coming back for more. IMO, 5 stars.On the (late) night of the BF and my visit, we walked into a somewhat sparsely populated bar and the always outstanding beer list. We took some seats at the bar and were promptly served by a bartender who had been beer-tending at the big B for 18 years, now. Low turnover is generally always a sign of a great bar. A few rounds of craft beer and a foursquare check in later, we're googling the place to see what it's story is and learning a hell of a lot about Malort in the meantime. ::cringe:: As we do this, we notice another patron at the bar trying to get our attention. We'd been trying our best to ignore the 50 something feathered haired gentlemen because we were almost certain that only a few minutes prior he was barking like a dog, but in a pirate accent (picture it, people) in our general direction. We finally acknowledged his grumblings as he asked us what we were doing on our "machine." The machine was my BFs iphone and apparently he was implicating us in his conspiracy theory that we were controlling the bar's music from our phone. He seemed upset, so in an attempt to ease his worries the bartender showed him the knobs behind the bar for the volume control... unfortunately, it did not control the volume level of the voices in his head.To him, we were still a threat. To be fair, we were a little buzzed and began to egg him on a bit. The BF would point his "machine" in his direction and I'd ahem little things about Elvis still being alive and my involvement as the second shooter. Date night was going along quite swimmingly.Now, if I had to describe how he looked, I'd say Jim Caviezel at about 56 after he went crazy from getting struck by lightning twice during passion of the Christ. This is your brain on lightning... and too much Christ, and maybe a few 'Nam flashbacks as well.At one point he told my BF, the guy next to me, and myself that we're "fucked". Still not sure what that meant but the guy next to me (a regular) was a little uncomfortable with the idea. Then, he began reminiscing about when he could:A. Smoke in bars while... B. Getting sucked off by whores.  After this, the bartender told him to watch his mouth in front of the lady (ahem, he was talking about moi ::in a dainty voice::). The bartender's scolding appeared to profoundly affect him as he 'tapped out' from the bar and  headed over to the jukebox to create a classic rock carnival for our ears. The music appeared to calm him, though he did at one point threaten to give the BF a 'knuckle sammich' for agreeing with him, then 10 seconds later they were all good in the hood. Mood swings can be a b*tch, bro.Brixie's: proving that awesome things can happen after 2am.Moral of the story: Making friends is fun and having great beer in an exciting, fast paced, environment is even better. 5 stars.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,1/8/2011,176,176,1,7,3>Known as the 'jewel of Lombard', I had heard about Lilacia Park for many years and had seen the park from the Metra train quite a few times, but never got around to making  a visit until the Spring of 2010. I think my reason for not stopping was that the lilacs are only in bloom for a short time and each time I thought about going, the lilacs were no longer in bloom. After missing the 2009 blooming season, I vowed to make it in time for the next one.The park is nice and expansive. Though the weather was a bit chilly and overcast on my visit on 5/6/2010, I had a pleasant stroll through the quiet park with my camera. Many varieties of lilac bushes were in bloom and the fragrance was heavenly. Several walking paths were accented with a beautiful array of tulip beds, daffodils, day lilies, and other flowers. A few benches were scattered throughout the park for lounging and relaxing.A gift shop and library building are on site, as well as a small greenhouse, though I didn't stop to see those areas. I saw two lilac-colored booths at entrances to the park in case you want to make donations to help sustain the park.Overall, it was a nice park and conveniently located next to the Lombard Metra station. Probably a great place to stroll on a sunny day anytime of the year whether the lilacs are in bloom or not. But be sure to be intentional about going when the lilacs are flowering. I mean, that's what the park is named for, right? You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,1/7/2011,273,603,2,2,3>Awesome! Every aspect of this place fits that description. From the knowledgeable and kind owners to the atmosphere to the yummy wine - it's just all awesome! I have been here twice in two weeks and I am looking forward to going back again soon. We stopped in for a special event last night. The live music was fun without being too loud and I knew every song that he played - Jim B., I think. :-) Mr. Cooper (who earned my respect last night with his amazing wine knowledge - and thus the "Mr."), really knows his stuff. We tasted one thing after another. The progression was perfect and I liked each one for different reasons. Fun facts include: - They have a coffee/tea machine which makes a smokin' hot cup o' joe. - You can have food delivered here (as long as they don't already sell it). - You can bring in your own tasty treats (again - make sure that they aren't already selling it). - All of the staff is lovely...I watched an employee setup a table and chairs out front for a group of guests who couldn't find a place to sit. - My "wine" friends like going here and they are fun, so you should go too!
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,1/6/2011,160,193,,4,3>Finally, a Gibson's Steakhouse close by.  I waited in a 4 hour line to apply to this place, no joke!  Hundreds of industry people came to put their best foot forward because this is the kinda of place that we want to work at!The company is run by knowledgeable, friendly, and intelligent people.  It runs smoothly and keeps the people flowing in.The Oakbrook location is still in somewhat of a building state, but is already gorgeous.  If you want to stop in just for drinks, do it! The bar area is big and there is also a bar on the outdoor patio, which is beautiful.The patio has little waterfalls, and soon will have green grass on the outskirts.  There are couches to lounge and tables to sit down and have dinner.  They even have GOOD live music some days.The waitstaff is very knowledgeable and observant.  They helped me pick a really good wine and their main goal is to make sure you get what you like to eat.  I never once felt like the server was trying to upsell but instead were very involved and genuine in making my dining experience a good one.Gibson's in Oakbrook is a great date place or a place to grab drinks and apps with some friends.The food is superb.  Nothing I can say to better describe it.  Definitely try the filet sliders, they melt in your mouth!  The oysters are East Coast, my fave!I would highly recommend the server Melissa M. she was super friendly and cute, usually works on the patio.I hope you enjoy this place as much as I do!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,1/5/2011,174,261,10,7,4>Keep an eye on your kids people!  I think we lost one last weekend, but it was worth it.  What a great place for a 5 year old's October birthday party.Geez, back when I was younger, in the 1800s, pumpkin farms were just pumpkins on vines, in the dirt, and it was cold.  This place is an amusement park with pumpkins hanging out all over the place!  Giant slides, pony rides, a Ferris wheel, a few spinny rides that would make any one over the age of ten sick, and a petting zoo.  It took all of five minutes to go through $80 of ride tickets, but hey, it's outside and tons of fun.I can't leave out the Dizzy House!  If you are looking for an acid flashback, just step inside, they're blaring Pink Floyd and the room is spinning.  The kids loved it!  (Please do not call DCFS, the kool-aid was good old sugar and water and red no. 5.)My allergies convinced me not to take the hayride, but I didn't realize it was haunted.  The sugar intake caused a coma-like reaction that caused me to leave without a pumpkin, but I have to go back and find the missing kid anyway.  So I think I'll take a handful of sudafed and suck it up for the haunted hayride next time.Plus, I need a sparkly cape from the halloween shop and I forgot to shop for roosters at the country store.  I did try the corn on the cob dipped in a vat of butter though, and it was delicious.  I recommend sprinkling on a little pepper too.Admission is free and dogs are allowed!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,1/4/2011,33,144,6,6,4>Comic books.  One of the early ways my kind was finally able to express our geekiness.Good stores are hard to come by, so that makes this place a bit of a ... oh you almost caught me in a terrible pun there.  I was going to call it a "gem" but no sir, I'm a better writer than to resort to that.  The biggest plus of this place is the lady that works there.  She is super helpful, always greets you as soon as you enter the store.  If you need help finding something specific, she'll drop everything and help you.Like any good store they're completely up to date on comic book issues... plus they carry The Guild which was surprisingly not easy to find elsewhere and Felicia Day really deserves to have her comic more widely available.  There's also a huge amount of sealed back issues of nearly everything.  From common stuff like Superman or the X-Men to slightly more obscure like The Sandman to stuff even I've never heard of.  Whatever it is, there's probably at least one back issue of it in there somewhere.  And everything's reasonably priced considering the pristine condition it's all kept in.Apart from the comics there's a wall with geeky t-shirts (always a fan), a bunch of collectibles ranging from lower priced action figures to really nice $100 statuettes.  They also have a few D&D manuals and miniatures and customizable card games.  I've noticed a couple times a handful of geeks at a table in the back playing various games, so if you're looking for a gaming group, might be worth checking out.My only complaint would be it's a fairly large store but there isn't a huge amount of stuff in there.  I really feel like the extra space could maximized to increase their stock of various comic-book related geeky items and really solidify this place as a fanatic's destination and give it that fifth star.Overall, a great comic book store, really set apart by those who run it.  Part of being a geek is the community aspect of it, and you can't beat  a place with an owner who understands that.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,1/3/2011,65,419,1,9,5>Another really great place.The highlights:* Boylan's soda from the fountain - I got to mix cream and cherry!* Good thin fries - I'm a thick fry person but the thin ones were quite nice here* Good-tasting meat in the burger itself* Just the right amount of condiments on my food*  Comfortable interior* Nifty little contraption into which you put your "number" so the serve knows where to serve you (you order at a counter and your food is brought out a few minutes later) - it also has a button to push in case you need service* Condiments with no high fructose corn syrup* Very friendly service * Free drinks as part of the opening weekend festivitiesOnly two things that weren't exactly perfect:* Our burgers were all cooked differently - mine was a little closer to medium than well-done as I'd asked for and it was pink in some od spots but it was really good so it wasn't really an issue* There was a tiny bit too much salt on the fries but I usually prefer less salt than most people so that';s a personal preference sort of thingFor a new place, they so far seem to do a really nice job both with the food and the service. It's a comfortable and friendly place in a good location at the southwest end of the Yorktown shops/ mall.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,1/2/2011,287,787,7,9,6>How could I have missed the Mimosa's on the menu??? I need to sharpen my brunching skills. I've been back twice since my original visit and this most recent time it took my brother to point out to me that I had been brunching here all wrong. The Mimosas are about $6 and they are huge when you think about mimosa servings. Definitely at least 20 oz of sparkly-juicy fun. There's the classic OJ and then also a strawberry OJ. The Strawberry OJ is delicious--great fresh flavor--a great burst of sunshine! There are also Bloody Mary's on the menu--if that's the direction your thirst takes you. This time around I had the chorizo egg white omelet. Yee Haw! I just found what I have been missing most about living in Tejas--the chorizo and eggs breakfast taco. No taco here, just some toast, but that's ok. This omelet was bursting with tasty spicy chorizo. Tastes just like the dish my adopted abuela made for me at my favorite breakfast taco joint in San Antonio. And they have Chollula hot sauce if you need more heat--my favorite. The Yellow Rose of Texas just tipped it's hat to Brunch Cafe. It can get kind of loud at BC, and there's a good chance you'll have to wait for seats on the weekends. They recently expanded so there's more seating though-which they totally needed. Service is friendly, a little abrupt sometimes. But I'll gladly deal with that for a Texas sized Mimosa and my chorizo omelet any day!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,1/1/2011,239,635,3,8,4>This is not the place you want to wander into if you do not have time to look and try. The clothing is FABULOUS. Most unusual and unique but she only gets one of each size, so if you miss out, you are out of luck, it cannot be ordered. There are accessories, especially the Mary Francis purses, that are hard to find.  Come on, a purse called  "Pearls of Wisdom".  OMG, it really wanted to come home with me.Also has a smattering of household items, yes the Frasier Fir diffuser and potpourri made my car smell like I was bringing home a real Christmas tree.And, they reward their frequent shoppers.This happy shopper will definitely return :)
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,12/31/2010,93,118,2,2,2>I was here for the first time yesterday and I was really surprised at how busy this place is! So rumor has it that the old executive chef of Yu's Mandarin quit that place, took all his recipes, and opened his own restaurant. At least that's what my father told me. This place is pretty small and really busy. I went at 6pm on a Friday and there was a line out the door. I tried the seafood peking noodles, shrimp fried rice, sweet and sour shrimp, crispy duck and szechwan eggplant. The noodles were the highlight. You could tell these were fresh noodles. The seafood was cooked nicely in the dish and my family (we were a party of 6) ordered two bowls of it. The other stuff was just what I expected. Nothing great about it. I didn't expect the eggplant to be battered and fried though, but it was still decent. The crispy duck just tastes like the deep friend the whole thing and put it on a place with some hoisin sauce. The prices were pretty decent. For a family of 6 (all adults) with four beers and two soco and cokes, 6 entrees and one order of egg drop soup the bill came out to be $104 with taxes. I think that's pretty decent.I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,12/30/2010,11,43,3,6,3>After months and months and months of waiting, the storefront with the big sign that proclaimed "Opening Spring 2009" finally tore down the sign and opened their doors in Winter 2010.  My co-workers had been intrigued by the concept and were really excited that it had finally opened so at the last minute, we switched our annual holiday lunch to Chicken & Waffles II.  We were all really surprised how nice the interior was - the place looks much more upscale than the name might imply.  Staff were incredibly nice, very patient, and very gracious.  Upon receiving the menu (which is a lot more than just chicken and waffles), it took everyone quite some time to decide.  Our group ordered a pretty wide variety of items off of the menu - chicken, waffles, burger, red beans & rice, cheese grits, etc - and everyone seemed pretty happy.  I was a little disappointed with the selection of healthy meals (everything healthy was ultimately paired with something that wasn't so heathy), but ended up ordering the Sir Glen, which included eggs (which I was able to order whites for a higher price), turkey sausage, and pancakes (which I was able to order buckwheat for a higher price).  I will say however, that my meal was really good.  I only ate one of the waffles, which was more than enough.  They're not quite the waffles that I'm used to - not big belgian waffles, and very soft, but when the syrup is added - still are very good.  Many of the foods on the menu reminded me a bit of Wishbone (which isn't too far away in nearby Berwyn).  In all honesty, if I had to choose between the two, Wishbone still has my vote.Overall, our group seemed really happy with the place and everyone indicated that they'd definitely like to come back. I probably would not go back on my own, but only because the variety of food for someone wanting to eat healthy is very slim, but wouldn't say no if invited to join a group there.  Overall, if you're looking for a place with some real comfort food (which I can imagine this occuring quite often with Chicago winters) though, I would recommend this place.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/28/2010,191,452,7,5,5>U R,2 Sweet + 2B = 4 GottenThat's would be my entry in Le Chocolat Du Bouchard's yearbook.Decadent deconstructed chocolate turtle $2.50/piece.  Picture a sweet blob of caramel and peanuts topped in the center by a milk chocolate.  Bring on the sugar rush jitters.Thirsty much? Large mug of chcocolate chai latte $4.75.  Only get a large if you plan to share or want a whole cup to go.  This is a great hangout for the girls or a cute after dinner spot with your date.  I think I'll be utilizing it for both.  Le Chocolat Du Bouchard was obviously the popular girl in school.Hugs & kisses....K.I.T!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,12/27/2010,252,423,2,3,2>We LOVE Schnitzel Platz! It's our family's favorite place to celebrate special occasions and to bring out of town guests. We have tried a few other German restaurants and this place is the best!Everything is absolutely delicious! We've tried a number of items and our favorites are the Jaeger/Hunter Schnitzel (pork schnitzel with a yummy mushroom sauce) and the sausage sampler plate. Meals come with either a cup of the soup of the day or the German salad plate (a variety of cold German salads). And there is a nice big basket of pretzels rolls, rye bread and crackers brought to the table. The servings are very large and we always bring leftovers home. You can share a meal for a small fee. And they might seem pricey but they are in line with pricing at other German places and you do get ALOT of food. Now I'm not a beer fan but my husband and father-in-law do enjoy their large beer selection. You can even have a litre of beer in a glass boot! They also have a number of wines and after dinner cordials which are quite good. And don't forget dessert! I believe the dessert menu might be smaller during Oktoberfest but normally they have a huge selection of tempting cakes and strudels. Your server might go over the tray of them pretty fast but don't worry, they are happy to repeat or answer any of your questions.A few notes about their hours- they are closed on Tuesdays. They also are closed for a few weeks in Autumn each year to return to Germany (the owners and some of the staff are from there) so be sure to check. If you go during Oktoberfest(Sept-Oct) the center of the restaurant has rows of picnic tables with table cloths lined up to accommodate the crowds. They do have booths along the outer walls of the resturaunt though. And if you come on a Fri, Sat or Sun make reservations. They are typically packed on these nights year round.  And I would be remiss if I didn't mention the two-man German band who entertains on the weekends. They are fabulous and will have the whole crowd singing along. Everyone has a little German in them at Schnitzel Platz!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,12/26/2010,199,119,4,6,4>I have been here quite a few times, and every experience has been fantastic. I love the decor, I love the bar area, I love the balcony... love love love it all!I believe I've had something different each time I've been there - and ordered from the nightly specials a few times as well. To start, the foccacia they put on the table is outstanding. In the fall, they had a pumpkin soup which was amazing. I tried a pappardelle pasta with fresh mozzarella that was to die for. The skirt steak is great, with a delicious marinade/glaze - get it with polenta on the side, YUM! I adore the spinach and ricotta tortellini in the butter sage sauce - just a few of these and I'm full! I've had a few desserts here, all of which I've enjoyed - but the one I enjoyed the most was the most simple - on Saturday, I had nutella gelato - borderline amazing.The service here is great and we always get treated well - there's no rush to eat and vacate your table, they encourage you to take your time and enjoy yourself.PS - try the strawberry balsamic martini - best martini I've ever had!PPS- the gnocchi is a must- literally melts in your mouth, no chewing required!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,12/25/2010,850,1294,7,9,8>It was my friend's son's first birthday and I needed something that would blow the competition away. This was going to be the first present I would ever give little Landon, the gift that he'd forever remember and judge Auntie Ericka by. The stakes were high.I don't have kids of my own and wasn't entirely sure how much money I'd need to secure the present to end all presents. After inquiring about stores on Yelp Talk, Renita M. suggested I take a trip to My Favorite Toy Store. She assured me that they would have toys I wouldn't find at Target or Baby's R Us and that it wouldn't break the bank either.I spotted a lonely toy drum and started to play with it. It was similar to a drum he has, but it had other features such as the option to be put on full volume or quiet mode. I may not have kids, but I can appreciate quiet and imagined parents would too. I was torn: Do I go with something safe, similar, but different or do I take a chance and pick another toy?The woman next to me was eying the drum and commenting on how pretty the sounds were. There was no way this lady was snagging my bounty. So I marched up to the counter with goodies in hand and bought not only the drum, but some bath time toys for him for Christmas. Two birds, one stone.He absolutely loves the drum. My friends love the drum (and its quiet setting). People at the party were impressed by my creative gifts. This truly is My Favorite Toy Store.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,12/24/2010,101,102,4,7,6>The only laundromat I've even been to where there is ALWAYS a washer available. The same can't be said for dryers. I've only been on the weekends when it's extra busy so maybe it's a timing issue. Free wifi, a bill changer (for when you only need $12 in quarters instead of $20, but you only have a 20 to change), and good people watching. A little pricier than other 'mats I've been to, but it's worth it for the seemingly endless washers and the free wifi. It's not quite the Utopia other people describe here, but again I'm a weekend washing warrior and that is nobody's idea of a good time.A note about the wifi: it asks for a login. Just put in your email; I haven't noticed any spam. They also don't seem to verify your email so you could put in any old thing.The washers in the back are usually less crowded but the area is more noisy, somehow. Go solve the mystery while your socks hula in the spin cycle.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,12/23/2010,371,418,12,7,6>Someone at my work was microwaving something curry and I couldn't get the smell out of my noes, I HAD TO HAVE INDIAN FOOD! I did a quickie yelp search and here I am. Stuffed. My mouth is on fire. I need a nap, and I kinda feel like I'm pregnant with a fat Indian food baby. It's awesome. It's not good that this place is like 2 miles from my work, I'm gonna gain all kinds of weight eating like this every day. I called in and ordered the Harvest Thali and I asked if they could make it extra spicy. When I went to pick it up I quickly scoped out the place, it's pretty sweet. According to the menu online the Harvest Thali is a vegetarian sampler of two curries, lentil of Chef's choice served with Basmati rice, Naan, dessert and accompaniments. Now, I can throw down on some Indian food, I'm not kidding - I can eat Indian food all day long. But Indian Harvest conquered me; this is what it came with: 2 incredible curry dishes1 lentil dish - also really goodA LOT of Basmati rice A cold creamy cucumber soup that is so freakin good, and EXACTLY what I needed to douse the heat from the food I ordered extra spicy (which I don't recommend you do unless you're a spice fiend like me, they don't mess around, their version of spicy will kick your ass and make you cry for your mommy) A side saladThe biggest naan I've ever seen in my life DRENCHED in home made butter. Gajar Halwa (which I personally didn't care for, but I'm sure if you're into Indian deserts it's probably awesome) 2 different dipping sauces for the naan (I'm not sure what they were called.)The lentil and the curry dishes were the star of the show though I musta sounded like I was getting busy in my cubicle when I was moaning and groaning over the monstrosity of deliciousness - because my co-worker looked at me and just started cracking up... I'm in food heaven. I know the pic I posted is weird, but I wanted to show you all I'm not kidding when I say that the meal I ordered could feed an army. When I went to pick it up & lifted the bag off the counter I was like WOAH, heavy! Then I got reeeeally happy. I f'n love food, especially mass quantities of Indian food. YAY!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,12/22/2010,2184,1339,10,16,10>I went here today for the lunch buffet with my lunch crew. We weren't too sure what to expect but I was super excited to try it. This was the best buffet I've ever been to for the money! It was only $8 for the weekday lunch buffet. See the picture I posted that has prices for all days, all meals. This buffet was super nice. They decorated the entire building nicely, tons of parking on the outside. Everything was extremely clean, extremely organized, definitely an upscale Asian buffet. The waitress was beyond helpful & kind, always clearing our table and refilling our drinks.The food was awesome! One section had a man grilling up meats, made to order. I believe they call it their Korean BBQ section. I admittedly didn't try this as I got a bit too full but it looked very cool.Another section had a sushi chef. Now at lunch, they only make rolls....no sashimi. During dinner, they do have sashimi. They didn't have any super fancy rolls...basically none, actually. They all had either mashed tuna or imitation crab but they were good. They had what I took to be their version of a philly roll...it had imitation crab & cream cheese in it. I'm not going to complain---I liked it! Don't expect anything fancy with the sushi during lunch though. At the end of the sushi station, they had some other sea creatures...like crawfish! Interesting buffet selection.Then they had the hot stations of food. Tons of different kinds of Chinese food...mostly Chicken dishes...Sweet & Sour Chicken, Peanut Butter Chicken, Orange chicken, and Pepper Chicken to name a few. There were stuffed mushrooms, crab rangoons, TASTY eggrolls, BBQ Pork strips, shrimps covered in yummy sauces, potstickers, fried rice, white rice...I honestly can't possibly name everything.  And of course, the Chinese buffet classic-french fries. Sweet & Sour soup & Eggdrop soup were offered as well, with won tons you could put over the top. I honestly don't have a single bad word to say about any dish I tried and I tried to get a bite of a lot of the dishes!Finally, they have a nice dessert section. 8 Different kinds of ice cream in buckets (see my picture!) including green tea ice cream! Nomnomnom. I wish they had red bean ice cream, too. :( They also had a section with warm desserts.This is my new favorite buffet and I have a funny feeling this is going to replace our current Chinese lunch buffet spot. Oh my goodness, I almost forgot! I have a strange/creepy/weird/unnatural/awesome obsession with Justin Bieber. When we first walked in, they were playing Backstreet Boys and the music progressed into other 90s and 2000s pop. But then----I was just about to bite into my crispy eggroll----and bam! Baby, baby, baby ohhhhh! Like baby baby baby Nooooo! I had to completely stop eating and sing along to JB! Most of my coworkers got up from the table at that point, but the two that suffered through it got quite a performance. My point is...I like the music they play! :)
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,12/21/2010,971,2260,6,6,7>Looking for a little "adult entertainment"? Ha! Got your attention, didn't I? No, silly. Not that kind of adult entertainment. The kind I'm talking about has people my mother's age (70+ )getting up on Tuesday night open mike and doing some "live band karaoke". I met a friend in the bar at the Flame on a recent Tuesday night as he had been talking about the Flame for awhile now. The drinks are strong (try one of their martinis, and know you might need a couple of them once the singing begins!). There is a limited food menu (sliders, crab cakes, peeled shrimp, etc) and the clientele are well over the age of consent. In fact, my friend and I were the youngest people in the place and we are in our 40's! The decor of the Flame screams 1950's supper club. But the bar has a special feeling of it's own with a giant tree in one corner of the bar. And on this night- the tree (and the rest of the place) was already decorated for the holidays so it was quite festive. But on to the main feature of the night- the "adult entertainment"! We were surprised at how the business started picking up around 9pm given the kitchen closes early at the Flame. So what were all the people coming there for? Why "live band karaoke", of course! . . . . and the songs were from the some of the best crooners of their day, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Bobby Darin. I loved that the regulars just got up, figured out what key they wanted to sing in and the the band just followed along. Go for a flash back to the past. Go for a well poured drink served in a bar that your parents probably remember. But go on a Tuesday night and stay for the show. For it is the one of the best things to do in Chicagoland on a Tuesday night. Now let me go and dig out some of my mom's old sheet music. Who knows? The next time you go- you may see me up there belting out my favorite oldie, Petula Clark's, "Downtown". "The lights are much brighter there, you can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares and go Downtown, things will be great when you're downtown . . . . . "
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,12/20/2010,28,199,1,6,2>Yum Yum, gimme some!    Love it!Pleasantly surprised.  When this placed opened I thought, "does this area need another Mex restaurant?"  Silly me, wrote it off as a Burrito King kinda place without even trying.  Months later, went to Taste of Des Plaines and decided to give Taco Village booth a try. We fell in love with the both the steak taco and steak burrito gordita.  With the additional incentive of 15% off coupon from the fest, we visited this week and were blown away by the quantity, freshness and cleanliness of the place.  I had enchiladas, 2 beef and 1 steak. The two with red sauce and 1 with mole. I should mention I don't care for most moles after being spoiled by trips with my Mexican dad to Nuevo Leon in the 80s, so I was guarded.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the mole quite tasty and not too hot.  My partner had the milanesa plato and was overwhelmed by the quantity and taste for the price of the meal - very good value here.  The proprietor (? or operating manager) of this one was on site and the time and proceed to give me a detailed run down of certain menu items, very pleasant man.  Our standbys in the area have been el Mexico or Cancun City.  This had restaurant quality food in a clean, quasi fast-food atmosphere. I will be back again and again if the quality doesn't diminish over time.  Bonus point for breakfast at any time.  I often make eggs and chorizo at home for dinner and nice to know I can get a fix here when I don't have ingredients on hand .
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,12/19/2010,7,63,2,3,2>Working in pet nutrition is a tough field, and it's refreshing to find someplace that cares as much as you do.I came into Happy Dog Barkery in winter of 2009, and I can't get enough! I see how some reviews complain about the prices... You get what you pay for, folks, and you are what you eat, so feed your dog cheap stuff, get a sick dog. Feed your dog healthy, natural, biologically appropriate foods, and get a healthy, happy dog. Seems simple, no?The bakery is wonderful! I love their adorable little treats, and we are always sure to stock up when we are here. I live an hour away, but my little girl just loves to come in here. The staff is so nice to her, they are so understanding of her shyness (two years ago, she was "breeding stock" at a puppy mill. Today, she's my baby girl and best friend, and I love to bring her everywhere to help bring her out of her shell). They are always polite to us, and love to give her little bits to munch on while we shop.Their baked goods are wonderful! Shilah loves the cheddar and spinach treats we get here, and we're hoping to get a little cake made for her adoption day coming up soon (they make custom cakes here, too!!!). We adopted a second dog back in March and I can't wait to bring him out to see Happy Dog Barkery! They also have a ton of natural foods and treats here, which makes me happy. They have a really cool selection of foods, treats, accessories, home goods, dishes, car magnets, beds... It's a real surprise every time you come in as to what you will find this time. It's like discovering a whole new store when we manage to make our way out there! We've gotten some really unique items here for my pups, and I will definitely be back soon!As far as the comment about garlic being toxic? Only in large quantities. We use garlic as a natural flea and tick preventative (this has been done very safely for centuries to keep biting insects away; ever wonder where the garlic wards off vampires legend came from?) and they are both totally healthy and have not had even a mosquito bite since we started using it. I would like to see more wheat-free treats, since I feed them grain-free raw food, but in small amounts I don't worry about it. Treats are, after all, just that, a treat.In summary: A great store, with a unique feel, polite staff, awesome selection, and great baked goods. HIGHLY recommended to anyone who loves their pets!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,12/18/2010,204,392,3,8,5>Not gonna lie, the soothing sound of crooners like ol' blue eyes himself will turn me onto the menu of Catch 35 any day.Sunday marked the last night of my mom's visit to the area that I now call home and rather than cook her something amazing we decided to paint the town red. Which is actually not very easy since the town is pretty small, but there are a few options where you can get swanky and festive. Catch 35 is one of them.I called prior to our dining time to see if reservations were necessary and when the hostess said it was quiet, we decided to get ready and make a jaunt around 7:30pm. There were several other patrons dining but the room was nowhere near packed, it was perfect.The dining room is dimly lit by candlelight, the ceilings stretch cathedral-esque high and if you're sitting around the edges it boasts a romantic atmosphere. I am not so sure about sitting in the center of the room but we were sat on the backside of the bar in a booth. The waiter dropped in and while he explained the menu, he tackled the prix fix option. If you are dining and this option is available, I highly recommend it.For our dinner, we each enjoyed a lovely crab bisque starter, the main entree was honey dijon crusted whitefish for me, she had a lightly blackened salmon. By the time dessert rolled around, I was beyond full but as it was part of the prix fix options a meal could not have been wasted. I ordered the pumpkin cheesecake and my mom got the pecan pie. The cheesecake was almost a show stopper,  it was dense enough to almost have been a full coffee cake but was still moist enough to be considered a cheesecake. The pecan pie was loaded with nuts and was aromatic.Catch 35 definitely captured my tastebuds for an evening out and I can see this becoming a hot spot for whenever a random dining luxury needs to be slipped into the budget..a la suburbia.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,12/17/2010,283,456,3,3,3>The day my grandfather passed away a lot of my family was in town at the hospital to spend his last hours with him. Mid afternoon, my uncle and I decided it was getting late and we all needed to eat. He asked the family if they wanted to grab a burger or try a local linen table cloth with reasonable prices. I, being not too shy, said, forget the burger, we've had a rough couple days, let's go to linen table cloth place. We followed over to the Arboretum to find this restaurant in the corner I NEVER knew was there. We walked in to this great lobby with what appeared to be a number of different places but all rolled into one. What a cool atmosphere! We were escorted back (the 14 of us that we were) and were sat quickly. We were all in a down mood, but were greeted by a smiling face with positive attitude kinda guy. He was knowledgeable about the entire menu and really impressed my whole family from start to finish. Now, we're Italian and I mean we're ITALIAN. I like to judge any restaurant by their Soup, Salad and BREAD. And wow, where we pleased. He was kind enough to hook up my grandmother with a cup of soup to "try out" and really satisfied the needs of everyone at the table. The food was great. Most of us ate off their Lunch Special menu but a few of us ordered off their main menu and no one complained about anything. We had everything from the soup/salad lunch combo to one of their pasta dishes. The atmosphere was great. Very comfortable and it was pretty evident to me that they really put extra care and attention into training their servers. I have nothing negative to say except that I wish their dinner specials, which we go in for once in while, were served daily. I love this place and recommend it to anyone for any event or to grab a quickie lunch. GO SEE THESE GUYS! I promise, it'll be worth it.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,12/16/2010,288,304,6,7,7>My friends and I headed on over to Honey Cafe after running a 5K race. That's right, we are runners now and needed to fuel our bodies with some tasty treats because that's what runners do. Honey Cafe is a cute little space with its sleek & modern decor. Upon entering you'll notice a little counter with their bakery items including their cupcakes of the day. Today's variety consisted of vanilla bean, red velvet and pumpkin. Mmm, pumpkin. I stuck with breakfast while my fellow runners (did I mention we are runners now?) stuck with lunch fare. I got the caprese benedict and it was delicious. Upon receiving it I was concerned that the focaccia bread might be a bit much but it wasn't and I dug the basil infused hollandaise. My running partner ordered up the chicken pot pie. The skies had turned dark and the temperature had started to drop...so why not warm up with some pot pie? It looked amazing. I had a bite and the pastry was flaky & crisp. Yum. The last of our trio (who smoked us in the race btw) ordered up one of the specials of the day. A trio of sliders - veggie, beef, crab - with a side of mixed greens. It looked delicious. She enjoyed her sliders but felt the veggie slider was the best of the bunch. We also shared a side of sweet potato fries w/harissa dipping sauce. I would gladly eat an order of those by my lonesome. The fries were a nice hearty cut & finished w/sea salt and the dipping sauce was pretty damn good. Now, I have to say that while the food was great...the service was lackluster. We had to wait...for everything. Honey Cafe was going to get a three star review. The restaurant was not super busy & there was just no excuse for the waiting we did. They redeemed themselves by recognizing this. We each ordered a pumpkin cupcake to-go...b/c you know, we are runners and all the runners I know eat cupcakes. Upon presenting the check, the waitress apologized for all the waiting and informed us that the cakes were on the house! Score!The cupcakes were delish. The frosting was amazing! Oh, and if the mood strikes you...try the latte of the day. I had the coconut hazelnut and it was a delightful way to warm up. I look forward to more races and more tastiness from Honey Cafe.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,12/15/2010,24,219,3,6,6>I think I can proudly say that I've been to all of the Country Donuts in the Chicagoland area. There is the Schaumburg location, which now calls itself "County" donuts, I believe. Then, there is the actual "original" located in Crystal Lake. I love them all. I especially enjoy their mint chocolate chip donuts. Sometimes I have friends who visit me at school bring a half dozen or so from home. Don't judge me. I usually share them with those who have never experienced the goodness.All of the locations have a retro pre-fabricated feel, with tile floors and permanent stools at the counter. I chose to review this relatively new location based on its cleanliness and quick service. Complete with a drive-through, this donut shop meets all my expectations for a quality donut shop.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,12/14/2010,392,404,3,5,4>The Spinach Pan Pizza from Piero's is my favorie pizza in all of Illinois.  Yes, better than Lou Malnati's.  Better than Pizzaria Uno and Due.  Better than Gino's East.  And way better than Giordano's.I have had it at this location, as well as the HIghland Park location and it is always pure perfection.  The pan pizza resembles more of a deep-dish style pizza with the thick crust and the sauce on top.  The spinach has a delicious garlicy-ness to it that is just amazing.  If I lived closer, I would eat this pizza every week instead of a couple of times per year.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,12/13/2010,48,320,6,8,4>Wang's Garden is a welcome addition to the Aurora/Naperville dining scene.The dine-in menu lists both Japanese and Chinese dinner and lunch specials- we tried the Chinese lunch items. The full take-home menu can be viewed on their website and saved as a PDF for later reference.Spicy choices are indicated on the menu with a red pepper and on request can be prepared "extra spicy".I am a big fan of hot and sour soup and Wang's Garden includes a larger than average bowl with lunch, as well as your choice of crab rangoon or egg roll appetizers.The waitstaff gives service rivaling much pricier places in the area- we were treated like valued customers and every request was taken care of immediately. The waitstaff is also friendly and fun without being intrusive.The decor is what I like to call "Asian New" and the dining area was spotless and inviting.A couple that came in before us got "freaky fast" service for their take out order. It was absolutely amazing....Our overall impression was that this is a great place for traditional Chinese-American fare either for take out or dining in.Note: Not sure who all voted this place as "spendy" because both times we went here (for lunch and then for dinner), our check was quite CHEAP especially considering the amount of food that we were served.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,12/12/2010,98,71,3,6,6>So a long time ago when I was a pig-tail wearing little girl my father used to take me slot car racing.  We went pretty frequently at that time.... and by the time I hit teenage-land the slot car place had moved away.  Just recently this place opened up and my dad called me with the excitement of a 10 year old boy.  This weekend my dad and I had our shared birthday dinner, and we went beforehand to play slot cars.  Myself, my brother, my father and my boyfriend all warped ourselves into a world I had totally forgotten about.They have multiple tracks, and there are some really serious slot-car hobby enthusiasts here.  They all line the walls against the sit down counter.  They all have huge tool bins that I prefer to call man-caboodle's.   They were all totally shocked by my fathers vintage cars.  They were clearly shaken that we were actually going to race them and not leave them in the boxes for show.  They put us on the figure 8 race track (the safest one for our vintage cars) and let us begin.  During the beginning 20 mins or so about half the people in the joint came to do a stroll by and check out my father's cars.   There was some younger kids, but mostly middle aged men.    Importantly too, there was an adorable dog that roamed around the store. (I'm a fan of this).  After a half hour of us having wipe outs, spin outs and crashes one of the workers brought us other cars that we could 'go ahead and crash' so we would stop ruining my father's cars.  I'll go ahead and say that my dad didn't care about ruining his cars, he was just happy to be slot-car racing with his kids. *****(Newbie-Slot-Car-Drivers..... feel free to go, they will rent you the guns and the cars to race)We had fun,  I mean it's not a the same kind of fun as going out to see live music, or a carnival or something...but it's totally great for an alternative to a matinee, mini-golf or bowling.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,12/11/2010,1,9,2,6,2>Now this is a Taste of the South Suburbs.  There aren't as many eateries as up north, but you'd be hard pressed to find a better one.  The restaurant caters to the Family and Groups very nicely.  The bar while a little noisy at times, like during a Bears Game, still is separated by a doorway that keeps the two worlds to their own.  The food is just down right great.  The pastas are excellent, salads are cold, and their own homemade bread is fabulous.  Matter of fact, they used the Bread Dough to make their outstanding Pizzas.  Toppings? Name it they'll put it on your pizza.  They have a special there called a "Six Pack Pizza".  Six different items on your pizza that will satisfify just about any craving.  This can be wornderful for the Pregnant Mommies or Crazy Daddies.  I'm a Crazy Daddy, each time I get one its really different.  My last one had, Italian Sausage, Green Pepper, Red Onion, Pineapple, Jalpeno, and Canadian Bacon.   Add a Cold MGD and I'm in heaven   You got to try this place !
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,12/10/2010,72,523,2,6,4>If you don't have a GREAT time here something is wrong......peanuts in the shell that you can drop on the floor, EXCELLENT SERVICE (thanks Ally).....an excellent "kid friendly" environment and awesome pizza and apps!!The atmosphere is GREAT, its built like a giant lodge with a large fireplace in the middle. Large waiting area, long bar with a some tables through some double doors, and a HUGE seating area on the main floor (tables up stars and outside). The place is HUGE.We arrived around 4:30 on Mothers Day (Sunday) and had a quick drink in the bar while they got our table for 10 ready......it took only a few minutes. Were seated in the back at a long table and got excellent/friendly service from Ally. Apps were up quickly - kids loved the mozz sticks, I ordered the beer nuggets (new to the menu) and they were not very good - just chunks for pizza dough that can be dipped in cheese (small cup of cheese - not enough).We ordered 2 large and 1 medium for the 7 adults and 3 kids and had just enough.....few extra slices of the veggie. It didn't take long to arrive (maybe 20 minutes) and is very good. I am stuffed!Check arrived right after we axed for it, and you cant beat the price!Great family place, can't wait to go back.Lemonade 2.25Aple Juice 1.50Mozzarella Sticks 5.95Beer Nuggets 4.50 (don't get these, not very good)Onion Rings 3.50Rocca Pinot Grigio (2 @ 6.5) 13.00Fox Brook Chardonnay (3 @ 5.50) 16.50Miller Lite 23 oz (2 @ 4.75) 9.5014" Sausage 16.0014" Cheese 14.2512" Cheese 11.25Mushrooms 1.50Spinach 1.50Gr Olives 1.50Blk Olives 1.50Pomelo Sauv Blanc 7.00Hacker Pshorr 23 oz 6.00Chicken Fingers 6.45Total - 133.23Gratuity 18% 23.98Total - 157.21
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,12/9/2010,64,296,1,1,3>I was expecting good things, and I was not disappointed.The standard for breakfast in the Western Suburbs is Red Apple in Carol Stream. This definitely stacks up to it.Service: Our Waitress was very attentive with coffee, water, and soda. She took our order, and our food was there in less than 10 mins! Food: I ordered an omelette with broccoli, spinach, mushroom and mozzarella cheese. I also got salsa and a side of fruit. The omelette was awesome, very fluffy and tasty. I also ordered a side of whole wheatpancakes. These put me over the top! They were so fluffyand moist! I put jam on them, but you could eat these plain!Feel: Restaurant is in a strip mall, but you can't tell once inside. I would recommend this to anyone in the area!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,12/8/2010,18,34,4,5,4>AWESOME.I don't think you can go wrong here, ever.  My favorites are the BG Fries, Gyro with Everything Plate, King Turkey (Extra Mayo) - the SuperBurger (or called something like that) is great as well.They are sometimes kind of grumpy and if you don't order enough - there is a surcharge on using a card.  This is new because FOREVER they didn't take cards and only took cash which was a pain.One of my favorites when I am back near my native Oak Park.They are open pretty late too in case you are hungry after you have been drinking (there is a bar across the street too)To answer an earlier comment - you can use the washroom next door at the laundromat but like any public washroom - watch what you are touching and use a paper towel to grab the door as possible.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,12/7/2010,160,654,6,17,3>What do I love about Mariano's? Everything! It is the ultimate grocery store and so much more, great enough to be my 500th review. From the outside, you really have no idea how huge and spectacular it is inside. Imagine a Trader Joe's multiplied by five or six times in all respects, then add an in-house bakery, cafe, restaurant and coffee shop. And while you're at it, throw in a florist, deli, seafood sections and a butcher shop. Now put friendly and helpful employees everywhere. Oh, and the little shopping carts for the kids? There's a whole bunch of them in front, not just 5 or 6 like at most places. So now you get the idea, but there's more.You enter Mariano's at what is an awesome produce section. There's a mix of regular and organic produce, plus odd varieties of fruits and vegies that you won't find at your usual Jewel, Dominick's or neighborhood store. A table off to the side had 2 girls making these massive caramel apples, covered in colorful "Spwinkos!" as my 4 year old calls them, M&M's, nuts, each one a work of art. I was impressed with the apples so much that I watched the girls dipping apples to decorate. The one told me, "It's my first day here," but from the look of things, she was an old pro at making the most sumptuous caramel apples. And before you leave the produce section, stop at the juice bar where they squeeze fresh oranges to make bottles of all-natural, fresh unpasteurized orange juice on the spot. Yes, the kind with the little bits of juicy orange floating in it. At $2.99 for a half-gallon bottle, it can't be beat at Whole Paycheck or wherever you may be seeking a comparable OJ of such quality. Heck, I think the teary-eyed Minute Maid just got fired and her job outsourced to Mariano's.Be careful around the bakery, especially with small children. They have these brilliantly colored cupcakes decorated beautifully. There's also muffins and cookies. They will want to eat them right then and there. How convenient, someone put tables and chairs nearby so you can enjoy them. In our case, we also needed a carb count since my son is type 1 diabetic. Well, wouldn't you know it! The 16 year old boy working the bakery counter was type 1 and an older woman unloading loaves of fresh bread has a son with type 1 as well. They offered us the nutritional information and a warning to watch out for the blood sugar spike 6 hours later. Just to be sure they're good, we got 2 more cupcakes to bring home.I went for a cappuccino across the aisle while my kids had their cupcakes. As I waited in line, a woman offered me a sample of banana and walnut gelato. Unreal! Made me want to take a scoop of it and drop it into the coffee cup.I can go on and on about the various imported cheese, the walk-in wine refrigerator section, the massive meat and dairy section, and the various ethnic products in the aisles, but my review would be too long. It was our second trip of the day, since my wife found it earlier and insisted I come out with her for a more extensive exploration. We came out with $50 of all sorts of unique goodies the local stores by me don't carry. While it's a bit far to be my once-a-week grocery store, I can see this being our special once a month trip for reasonably priced, unique and exotic products no other place carries.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,12/5/2010,15,22,3,3,2>I have to say that for me, the cupcake is all about the cake. Even the best frosting can not rescue a dry or flavorless cupcake (cough, sugarbliss, cough)For me, The Latest Crave has well above average cupcakes. I had a chocolate and peppermint cupcake and was impressed. The cake is moist and the frosting is super cute (piled high) and not overly sweet. They also have creative flavors, and cute decor. The place has only a few tables, so it's mostly a pick up place, but do what I do and take your cupcake to go and get a cappuccino at Grahams down the street. Cupcakes in general are going to be slightly $$ (2-3 is normal for most cupcake places) but this place is worth it for a special treat. My fav in the 'burbs.Five stars since it's hard to find a really, really solid cupCAKE around chicagoland.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,12/4/2010,156,439,3,7,3>5 stars and this is my favorite breakfast restaurant in the world!! No exaggeration either!We have been going to this restaurant for years as a family! And whenever anyone comes from out of town, I don't let them go back home until they have eaten here! And they always wanna come back!This cozy, family style, quick service restaurant is a place to have a friendly chat and truly enjoy your breakfast! Once they forgot to put us on a wait list and they felt so bad that we had a 20 minute wait, they gave us 50 percent off! I always add hazelnut creamer to my coffee and share an omelet (they are huge!) The cheese is melted so nicely in the omelet as well as the veges, and same goes with the pancakes! You find the rich fruit inside! YUM!!The same people have been working there for years, meaning, great service and they are happy there! You won't take much out of your wallet, and you will leave happy! Not like Ihop or overly expensive breakfast places! :)
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,12/3/2010,143,312,3,5,3>I've been dying to try this place for awhile since it re-opened, formerly D's Little Italy. I could practically walk here and had been to more banquets when it was D's then I care to remember.Although I was eager to see the new incarnation of this spot, I still had the memory of bland potato wedges and tasteless Italian sausage from D's. Nope. Nothing like that here.The oven-baked pizza is exactly as how it tastes in the town that my dad grew up in Italy. Mind you, their prices went up, and the wood-oven fired pizza is also traditionally Italian in its size - about 9 inches. If you order larger pizza here, it will be American-style and not from that wood oven. So good...definitely worth whatever drive you have to make to the near-western burbs.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,12/2/2010,117,89,4,4,4>I am so lucky to have White Cottage within walking distance of my house... okay, my hips aren't so happy about it, but at least I can walk off the delicious pizza!  I am just reviewing the take out / delivery operations of White Cottage today. White Cottage has the best pizza around (and I think the freshest ingredients); they even have Italian beef and giardiniera for a topping! I personally love that they have capers (another favorite).  Their thin crust is superb; slightly salty, buttery and crispy. Another reason why I love White Cottage: they will give you plenty of freshly grated parmesan and red pepper and even paper plates (delivery) if you ask! Why I didn't give them five stars:  50% of the time the toppings are incorrect on delivery orders. I have come to learn that I will probably get all the correct ingredients but mixed up. For instance: last night we ordered half sausage and onion, half pepperoni and mushroom but we received half sausage and mushroom and half pepperoni and onion. Why the incorrect orders don't bother me too much: It's delicious.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,12/1/2010,51,284,4,6,5>When my fiancé and I considered getting a cat, we had a lot of trouble getting shelters to even consider letting us adopt or foster. As total cat newbies who keep vulnerable prey animals as pets, we encountered a lot of rudeness and general ignorance from other shelters' staff. (Fun fact: cats and bunnies can and often do get along, and our cat is actually quite terrified of our rabbits!) A.D.O.P.T. listened to our story and our concerns and worked with us to help us find the perfect kitty for us. Yay!I think we visited the shelter half a dozen times before deciding to bring Henry (formerly Sylvester) home, and the staff was always friendly and accommodating. We initially thought we wanted a kitten, and they encouraged us to spend lots of time playing with the kitties and even let us try out different kitten-cat combinations (kittens have to go home in pairs, either with another kitten or a young adult cat). The cats all live in big rooms with lots of toys, cat trees and space to play in, and they are a friendly and social bunch. The shelter is clean and well-maintained; I would honestly say it is the best of all the suburban shelters I've visited, in terms of both kitty happiness and human helpfulness!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,11/29/2010,136,719,2,7,4>Excellent Italian restaurant with some amazing, seasonal offerings.My parents and my significant-other unit try to come here for our celebration nights throughout the year. Excellent wine list (including moscato d'asti) and amazing appetizers to share.The salmon and butter beans over escarole is delicious and flavor-packed. All the dishes are well-balanced if a little large -- which is never a problem for us because we take boxes home for lunch the next day!Great assortment of desserts to top off your dinner, if you're not too full!The decor is amusing and gets us intrigued trying to spot the various details arranged lovingly throughout. Great antiques hidden in plain sight.I also hear great things about their lounge/bar.All-around it's my favorite Italian restaurant in Naperville.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,11/28/2010,106,272,3,4,3>Came here with my boyfriend for a late Sunday night dinner and the restaurant was almost empty...no biggie, that means we got faster service and more attention!! For starters, I had a cup of their chili and it was awesome, just as I remembered it (tried at a recent Yelp event), meaty, saucy, and satisfying. For my main course I had the Farmhouse burger  that came with cheddar and bacon slices. I chose to add some sliced avocado on top to give it that wonderful creamy texture. The burger was delicious, juicy, and just right in size (I got the 6 oz, as opposed to the 9 oz that my boyfriend got). Don't think a restaurant can really screw up a burger (unless they bring it to me still quivering...then we have problems). I didn't care too much for their fries, but I had enough to focus on already with that fab burger...We also tried the brew sampler which consisted of 6 mini glasses of their best ale. All beer tastes the same to me so, meh...but the BF was impressed and even sent a pic to his friend.Overall, a cool, chill spot that we would keep coming back to. Next time, we'll check out the ambiance at the bar by having a meal/drink there...
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,11/27/2010,46,169,3,3,2>Love the name and love the fact that I didn't feel like an elephant coming out and made my boyfriends wallet happy. The dining area is on the smaller side but the awesome service makes up for it.  For the dishes:The Thai Veggie soup was ok - my 5 yr old said it tasted just like chicken noodle without the noodles. Crab Rangoon - the little triangles were much smaller then I'm used to but they do pack a punch of flavor. You can actually taste the different veggies / crab (not just cream cheese).Red curry - Good mixture of veggies and beef. I thought the eggplant pieces should be a little bigger. The dish did have a good balance between sweet & hot. Beef and Broccoli - This dish was just ok. The beef, broccoli and carrots were fresh and tasty but this dish lacked any special kick to it. The brown sauce has a soy base but not much flavor other then the soy. Coconut Ice cream - Who doesn't love it? Its not made fresh there but a delicious treat to finish off the lunch experience. Overall, a good cheap Thai restaurant in the nw burbs.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,11/26/2010,14,63,2,7,2>Yummy!  I don't even know where to start my review rave.   I went to Q for the first time on a Friday night.  I have been to several barbecue restaurants over the past six months, and Q exceeded my expectations where others have fallen short.  I suppose that I'll start in the order that I ate my plate.  I dug right in to the mac-q-cheese.  It totally satisfied my craving for creamy, cheesy goodness.  In my recent experience, it was rare to find a non-dried out mac n' cheese at a barbecue restaurant, but Q was very smooth and velvety. Next I sampled several sauces with the pulled pork.  The pork had a great flavor, and the sauces were delicious.  The Carolina sauce was sweet and sour, with an interesting spiciness.  The mustard sauce was similar but with more tang from the mustard.  The heat in the hot sauce slowly build the more I ate it, which was perfect.  My husband had a sampler platter, and I tried his brisket.  It was melt in your mouth tender.  I didn't get the brisket because I have not had good experiences at other restaurants, but Q met the mark on this one.  I also ate my husband's french fries.  I could tell they were fresh made and they had a great texture.  This place is great, and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,11/25/2010,22,60,4,7,7>Can I give more than 5 stars? Seriously! My girlfriend and I went here for my birthday and as part of our usual ritual with restaurants we called ahead to speak to a manager or chef about a gluten allergy. At first we were speaking to who ever answered the phone and he assured us we would be okay, that's great but not good enough sir! We eventually talked to the manager, Neldir who said "there are actually only very few items on our menu that you cannot have" and he explained everything to us. It didn't hurt that the night before a celiac group must have passed through! Anyways, the place was spacious, inviting and warm and everyone we spoke with was extremely polite. Neldir even came to our table to bring us some rolls made of yucca flour that is gluten free before we got into the goods. He then took us to the salad bar and gave us the rundown of what to avoid since it would contain gluten. And as far as the meat item we couldn't have- I didn't see it once that night- I secretly think he told them to avoid our table. On top of it, they made a special batch of chicken for us that we could have, who does that? I cannot say enough nice things about this place and the staff! I am impressed. They were accommodating and gracious to have us and even gave us a complimentary meal next time we came in!!!! I have a feeling this might be a go to place for us from now on! Added to my Celiac friendly list.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,11/24/2010,17,39,2,2,2>Creative and cool atmosphere!The moment we walked in the place, I felt like all the old Greek diners had been left in the dust of the 70's and a new 2010, fresh dining experience was about to begin!  Don't get me wrong, I like the old diners but this is something different for sure.  Hip, young and friendly staff greeted us and took our orders.  Food began to pile up on our table and was not only a feast and wasn't the same tired old eggs that we have come to expect.  In fact, nothing that I saw on the menu looked like the old.  We have all been to nice diners with creative menus, but when the food comes, it's not as exciting as the description.  Now where do you go to get an omelet with caramelized pears or truffle egg toast made with asparagus, fontinella cheese and eggs drizzled with truffle oil?  This place is different in a good way. Way cool - no kidding!  Goodbye old Greek Diner.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,11/23/2010,8,17,4,6,6>Let me just say that I think Georgio's is the best deep dish pizza you can get outside of Chicago.To start off, I've been coming here since 2004. I've never had a bad experience at the restaurant. All of the food is great, great drink selection, and a very nice feel to it. I've gone with my family, my friends, and my co-workers, and each time it's been a very good experience. The staff is attentive, pleasant, and very helpful. The bar is well stocked, at reasonable prices.Now to the meat of the review. The deep dish pizza. There is something about Georgio's that I just can't find anywhere else out here in the suburbs, and I think's it's the authentic Chicago-style deep dish. The crust is very crisp and flavorful. It's not too dry or hard, the consistency will never leave you think your chewing on a piece of dough. The sauce, though sweet, is not overpowering in any way, giving the pizza a fantastic, one-of-kind taste. Finally, the cheese is proportioned very well to the pizzas, not too much where it's falling out everywhere, which is what I like, though I do realize people prefer more cheese that I necessarily do. Together, the ingredients make a fantastic pizza. And it's great if you have too much and eat if for left-overs.Besides the classic deep dish, they have a vast array of other pizzas, sandwiches, and calzones, which will keep everyone in your party happy. Like I said the drink menu is very broad and fairly well-priced.Oh yeah, it's in the heart of down-town Crystal Lake, next to the train tracks, which adds to the ambiance too. Maybe it's just me, but location definitely plays a part in my overall experience.If you're ever out in the suburbs looking for some authentic Chicago deep dish in a great environment with an attentive staff, I strongly suggest Georgio's. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,11/22/2010,64,8,2,8,4>As a recent transplant from Rockford, IL to Naperville, I was excited to see that Kuma's was opening a second location here. I have since become a regular. I'm a vegetarian, and Kuma's has a special menu for vegetarians and vegans. There aren't a lot of restaurants out there that do that!My favorite appetizers are the veggie potstickers and the green beans. The potstickers are nice and crisp, yet not too fried. The stuffing is delicious, and I love the tang and zip of the dipping sauce. The green beans are lightly sautéd in a delicious sauce that's kind of a teriyaki with garlic and ginger. Their Pad Thai with tofu is the best I've ever tasted. The tofu is cooked beautifully and the sauce sets off the noodles perfectly. My favorite dish is the Dolsat Bibim bap with tofu. The hot sauce is excellent, I love how the rice at the bottom of the stone crock is crunchy, the tofu is cooked perfectly, and the veggies are fresh and delicious. The interior of the restaurant is a classy blend modern and old fashioned. The original tile floors, tin ceilings, exposed brick, and woodwork are beautiful. The interior is given a modern test with the deep colors on the walls, cool artwork, and the phenomenal bar. It's fun to sit at one of the window seats and people watch as I leisurely eat my fantastic meal.The patio out back is a relaxing retreat, AND it's dog friendly, like much of downtown Naperville I have always received excellent service. The people who work at Kuma's really care about your experience. And Kuma and Fred are almost always there and talk with the customers to make sure everything is going well. They have a lunch club where your sixth lunch is free, a Last Bites promotion with cocktails and appetizers on the weekend, and wine tastings the second Wednesday of every month. Kuma's is an excellent dining experience whether you're there for a casual night on the town, celebrating a birthday or anniversary, or having a romantic meal.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,11/21/2010,103,486,2,3,4>Ahhhh this is the store of everything you don't really need and you hope people will buy this stuff for you so you don't have to feel wasteful in this economy for buying it for yourself shop. With a few exceptions! I spent about an hour looking at all the cool stuff. Some of it wasn't so obvious as to what it's used for, if anything at all. They should have something on the shelf next to this kind of stuff with suggestions or a demo letting me know why I need it. I did get a cool Lug bag which will be very useful. It's got a ton of zippered spaces and a hidden water bottle holder. yay! They also have very cool and non traditional lame  stuff for babies and kids. The staff is cool and friendly. I noticed they are not overbearing and try to talk your ear off or follow you around the store. I like that!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,11/20/2010,38,256,3,5,3>This is our favorite go to spot for weekend breakfasts.  At times you do have to wait, but it's worth it. Now they even set up a table with coffee and bubbles for the kids and seating outside while you wait.  Great idea.  They have a very good selection of breakfast options depending on how good or bad you want to be.  You can do the Triathlon or Lean machine, you have the option to also do egg beaters, and then you can always do the panhandler with avocado and sausage or biscuits and gravy. They also have specials. One thing that we really enjoy and I hope they bring back in the fall is the pumpkin bread french toast.  Soooooooo good.  With nuts too!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,11/19/2010,47,404,7,7,5>Note:  I know nothing about guitars!  This review is about our experiences with the store, not about the equipment they have.   I'll leave that to someone who knows what they are talking about.Family member takes lessons here.   Good feeling when you walk in - clean, well merchandised.      I have the impresson the store exists because the owner loves music, guitars and playing and genuinely wants to share that with others of like mind/spirit.  Definately a rock & roll feel to things.  (Yup - I'm a little out of place when I go there.... Sesame Street.. "one of these things is not like the other... one of these things just doesn't belong"...)They could improve a bit on the administrative side - people who work there (not the owners) often seem a bit confused about what's going on - for example, how lessons work and are paid for, about whether store is open/closed on various holidays, and whether or not it impacts the lessons. Love that they have a page on Facebook - that's helping with communication.Had a quitar repair on a beginner unit - didn't want to spend much to repair it, and not quite ready for upgrade.  Took it in - price was reasonable and repair was good - the break was a bad one - very pleased with results.   Wish teachers did a bit more to let parents in on progress of student.  (I know - such an uncool request.)   I'm paying for the lessons though... I think I should get a little debrief occasionally: (1) your child's a moron, there's no hope, give it up(2) your child is mediocre, but if he actually practiced there's hope, or(3) your child is stupendous - whatever he's doing, it's workin'When I say this last bit - remember - I have a 14 year old son.... so he's a contributing factor to poor communication.  (The answer to everying is "I dunno".  Did you do well at your lesson?  I dunno.  Did you learn anything?  I dunno.  Are you sentient?  I dunno.)Would I recommend:  Yes - but make sure you stay on top of communications.Would I return: Yes (weekly)
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,11/17/2010,77,38,2,6,5>" Little piece of heaven on a plate & in a glass!" I have to say that I completely enjoyed myself here- the sampler- appetizer spread was a perfect compliment to the bottle of wine we indulged in last night. From the delicate meats to variety of cheeses, everything we ordered had a unique and pleasing flavor that really worked nicely with our wine selection. A few things we tried that were my personal favorites: Applewood Smoked Duck Breast, Brie and Apple Bruschetta, and the Roasted Mushroom Fresh Herbs & Goat Cheese Bruschetta. I had the Wrightwood Salad with Field Greens, Sliced Chicken, Tomatoes, Craisens, Avocado, Corn, Almonds and Fresh Goat Cheese. It was absolutely mouth watering and a very nice portion size (although too much for ME to finish!) My dinner date had the Sushi Grade Ahi Tuna Sliders With Wasabi, Soy Sauce & Seaweed Salad- he has had it before and enjoyed it once again! They looked awesome, and I'm assuming they were good (cause they seemed to disappear from his plate very quickly :) I would certainly dine here again, luckily my date made a reservation, because this place was seriously hopping! The parking situation always kinda stinks at this mall- but not the fault of DOC, all the restaurants have to deal with that here. I did notice that it might be hard to accommodate larger groups as the dining area seemed a little on the smaller side of things, but the booth was large and comfortable- the decor was modern and warm, server was very knowledgeable and helpful- polite and personable :-) I know it was a Friday night, but I seriously could have done without the dance music overhead- that part just didn't really work for me.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,11/16/2010,30,73,7,5,3>When, in the course of human events, it becomes necessary to eat a hybrid meal consisting of components of both breakfast and lunch, I can think of no greater earthly pleasure then dining at Allgauer's. The biggest drawback of this place is the name- when asked where I was taking the wife and littles for mother's day, I had to resort to saying "That place in the Hilton-Lisle."My wife is pregnant, and after eating here, I made the mistake saying, "Well, honey, now we both resemble beached whales. What a meal!" Not very tactful, but probably gets my pt across. For $35 per person, their champagne brunch is of very high quality. The array of food is large- kind of a "if we don't have it, then you don't need it" feel. That does not effect the overall quality though. The prime rib, waffle bar, and seafood lounge were all whoop-whoop worthy. I felt so nouveau-upper part of the upper middle of the middle class while sipping champagne and eating oysters. The salads and fresh fruit were great for the kids. The dessert was perhaps the best. Probably 30 difft varieties, all excellent. Yes, all. I mean all. The service was fast, friendly, and excellent. The champagne will flow as long as you keep putting your glass out there. If a Sunday of heavy drinking is your thing, then join the club. And come to brunch with me. I ate and ate and ate. Then i was hungover by 9pm. What a mother's day!!!!!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,11/15/2010,80,106,3,3,3>So we eat at Poor Phils about once a month, seriously, sometimes more. It's a GO-TO restaurant for us!  Love the food, love the outdoor seating, even the indoor seating is good.  We avoid the bar area since it tends to be full of loud sports-minded folks guzzling beer and throwing popcorn and that's just not our thing... But they always seem to be having a blast so no harm, no foul, LOL.  The bar has Sprecher root beer on tap, how can this place NOT be awesome :)  They also have a great beer and liquor section, the frozen drinks are pretty tasty, and they even have my Hendricks gin, so that gives them an extra few brownie points too.I've had slow service now and then on crazy busy nights, but nothing that I've ever been all that upset about.  It's partly a sports bar, it has ample outdoor seating and really good food, I expect once in a while to have to wait. Like you do at ANY good place. Now some folks have complained about their food, I admit I am a creature of habit and so maybe I just tend towards the best things on their menu but here are my favorites, each of which I've probably had no fewer than 4 or 5 each:  Shrimp po'boy, catfish po'boy, clam chowder, sweet potato fries, cobb salad, fish n chips and the veggie burger.  I know it's a long list but we go there a LOT. I'm a chubby girl, my husband is chubby, we're foodies, nuff said. None of the items I have listed have EVER been less than delicious and fresh.  And I swear I physically CRAVE those awesome po' boys ocasionally.  I can't speak for anything else but that's still a darn good cross-section of their menu.The only things I have ever had there that were just OK are the mac n cheese side, and the chili.  In both cases well, I have a southern family and those 2 things are family recipes that NOONE can beat :)  I have lots of friends who love both of those things but when it comes to country style homemade foods my bar is pretty high.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,11/14/2010,24,22,9,11,4>"Best DARN taco hole you have ever been to!" I intend no disrespect by that at all! Seriously - it is stellar. I am talking authentic and delicious food. The wait staff is stellar - they always remember your face and order. Yes telemundo is on the TV and no don't even bother to ask to change it. The red sauce is hotter than the green here. That's all you really need to know . . . just go!    Okay you want details?      We will start chronologically - I have eaten 1/2 of one off their breakfast burritos.  It was massive.  I could not force myself to eat one more bite of the monster and it certianly was not because it was not wonderful.  From what i understand the co-worker I shared the other 1/2 with had to split it to be able to finish it between himself and someone else and they were full as well. But just wait it gets far better!.        The tacos is what it is all about - the litmus test of these type of places . . . I have eaten every variety they have, langua, chorizo, chicharron . . . okay fine, they have ground beef, chicken, and steak as well but try the fun stuff for yourself! At these prices you canny afford not to like it! (That being said I am a die hard steak taco man - cilantro and onion only please - don't gringo it up).       The Pico de Gallo - a.k.a. to whitey 'the salsa' is freshly made there as well and is awesome fresh jalapenos, tomatoes, onions, yum! Now this might sound dumb BTU they even do the rice correctly. This is no small feat and another solid litmus test. I hate refried beans but I love theirs - someone please do NOT tell me what is in them.       Now at 5.99 what can you get? All the Pico and chips (also made there), with 3 tacos, refried beans, and the rice on Tuesdays. My office has begun calling Taco Tuesday for Pete's sake. (Wow I am lame but it is true!)       Anybody who even brings up Taco Bell may need to be punched in the nose.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,11/13/2010,24,62,,4,2>I got mixed reviews on this place prior to going. One of my co-worker's sung its praises, while Yelpers didn't seem too pleased. But I decided to be optimistic and I wasn't disappointed :)Tonight was my parents anniversary, so my brother and I thought dinner and the movies would be classic. My Dad would never spend the money on this cinema, and if he did he'd complain about SOMETHING, so we tho't it would be a nice experience to treat him and Mom to. And much to my glee, it was.As soon as you walk in, you go to the concierge desk and 'check in'. The gentleman at the desk explained they were a little short-handed that night so he would walk us directly to our theatre now, which was fine with us. My Mom ooh'd and ahh'd at how beautiful the lobby was as we walked through. It seemed a little light, crowd-wise, for a Saturday. But maybe that's due to the cost & economy?We got seated and the concierge explained how the chairs work (i.e. storage compartment and reclining feature) and the waiter button. We were presented with a menu by our waiter's (yes, we had two, one for my brother and I, the other for my parents) and in short order had received pillows, blankets and ordered our drinks & meals. My parents were both happy with the automated reclining seats and both of them (yes, even my Dad) were content with the quality of all the food. My brother and Mom said the Merlot they had was adequate, but not fantastic (so you wine drinkers, take note). The food starts at $7 and the portions are fine to share. My brother and I split a Calamari and Portabello sliders and I had a delicious seasonal berry dish and we were both satisfied. My Dad ordered the Artisan pizza, which (for a change) he said was pretty good, and Mom ordered the lobster rolls and this chocolate dish that had biscotti, brownies, truffles and strawberries. We all ate a little of that and it was REALLY good :)All in all tho, a wonderful time was had by all. I would definitely go again... For another special occasion :) just a WEE bit pricey for a regular night at the movies, but so worth it! :)Honestly, I don't know what stick is up the butt of some of the Yelpers who reviewed this place. It's NICE! The place was clean (even the bathrooms... Which had yummy smelling soap and lotion, if that matters to you, and it does to my Mom so she kept raving about it :) the service was decent and the food was delicious. It was my first time there and I was very pleased. But being polite to the staff, being patient and being positive had a lot to do with my contentment, so take note.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,11/12/2010,161,158,3,3,4>Recently, the microwave at my work place finally gave its last final breath.  Out of everyone, I am the one who mourns its depart the most because I am that girl who packs a home cooked meal to work everyday.  But this unfortunate event must have been worked by the food gods, telling me that it's time for me to explore the food paths and broaden my horizons.So on a bright and sunny day, I ventured out after having looked up on Yelp for the best Asian/Thai foods (I could always have Thai food) in the area on an iPad (have you check out the Yelp app?? Awesommmeee.)My search query lead me to Bangkok Village.  Then I found my manager is a big fan of this place.  More validation.  So I went there for the $8 lunch specials which will get you a small entre dish, a small appetizer, and a salad.  My manager said they used to give out a soup too but that deal is no longer in.  Never the less, it's still a fair deal for $8 and it's a good chance to have a taste of different appetizers. I ordered my lunch to go.  I tried out the Red Curry (with Chicken).  It came with a little bowl portion of white rice and the curry came in a small cup.  The curry was savory and tasted authentic.  Everything about it was good.  The rice was a bit dry but it's secondary.  I had Crab in the Cup as my appetizer, which came out to look like 2 mini tater-tots.  It wasn't very much for what you expect of an appetizer in an $8 meal but I will say that it was tasty.  I just wish they gave more of it.  Their salad wasn't anything special, just regular lettuce with some carrots. It's the pink sweet sauce that they gave which I'm not sure what I was suppose to eat it with so I poured it into my salad and it tasted great.  Overall, Bangkok Village serves authentic, great tasting food.  Fun fact: they were the 1st Thai restaurant to open in Naperville and have been around for a long time.  Come here for their lunch special to try out more foods.  Expect to pay around $10 and up per order.  I would come here as a treat every now and then and especially on days when the microwave gives out.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,11/11/2010,78,342,1,4,2>I loved this Lettuce Entertain You restaurant - like most of those restaurants, it is a little pricey - but you get great food and great service. I went for lunch and it wasn't very crowded when we got there, but it started to get pretty busy around 12:30 - so it is a good idea to go a little early if you want to beat the rush.To start, they bring you these amazing cheese popovers which were hot out of the oven. These are very much like potato chips; you cannot eat just one and they will be glad to bring you more if you ask.  I had a rainbow sushi roll and a cup of the New England Clam Chowder.  The soup was very good with lots of clam in it and the sushi was also pretty good.  My server did come and bring a small dish for soy sauce, but did not leave the soy sauce which I would have liked.  However, the sushi was good and I would order it again.  My mom had the fish tacos which she said were excellent.  For dessert we ordered the Mounds Bar which is a coconut macaroon topped with a scoop of homemade coconut ice cream and chocolate on top.  It was very good.  When the server found out it was my birthday, he also brought me a cupcake with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream with a candle but skipped the singing which I really appreciated.  I left completely satisfied and happy - I will come back for more!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,11/10/2010,99,760,6,6,3>Overdue, but this is now my standing location for Cinco de Mayo and Christmas Eve. Why? Because those are the only times that Paco regales us with his lamb barbacoa. Just those two nights. That's it. So be there, or be square. It was...amazing. I foolishly ordered something with mole, even after the barbacoa had been described to me. But my friend, defying all logic, tasted it, went in to a seizure while his brain tried to process how delicious it was, and then voluntarily surrendered some so I could experience it. Moist, delicious, melt in your mouth, perfectly seasoned, with amazing salsa...I need to go take a shower now. It is also important to note that Paco runs around handing out high fives and free sombreros, for maximum hilarity. So, let's see. I'm in my mid 20s now. And I figure I've got a good 50 years left. That means I will be eating the barbacoa 100 more times in my life.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,11/9/2010,43,79,6,10,4>I am young and I freaking love the Little Traveler!  A lot of people say its granny-land and estrogen-town (there may be a lot of truth to that) but it is a must-stop for me when I am in Geneva.  You can spend hours getting lost in all the nooks and crannies, but it has something for everyone. I usually go with my mom or mother-in-law, but I even dared to bring my husband, and he got lost in the wine, candy, and coffee sections.  Its not all fu-fu and frilly grandma stuff.  As a matter of fact, make friends with the ladies in the wine section and you can get hammered trying all the wines they advertise.  My favorite part of the Little Traveler is the Atrium Cafe.  I love going to lunch there.  The menu is so simple but so good.  They have the best veggie soup and sandwiches.  The cafe, though small, has a laid back European feel to it, the main difference here is that your food comes in a timely manner.  After years of going to this store, it still cracks me up that they have women and kids that walk around the cafe to model the clothes, purses, and jewelry.  They tell you what they wear, how much it costs, and where you can find it. It is hilarious.Seriously, if you are coming to Geneva what else would you expect from a store? It is the epitome of why people come to a town like Geneva.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,11/8/2010,363,708,1,11,8>In a teeny store front in an Addison strip mall, there resides.... delicious chicken.OK, it's not JUST chicken. They also have ribs and seafood (perch, cod, scallops, shrimp). And various fried/roasted accouterments. But we got us some chicken, because after all, the name of the place is *Chicken* Manor! So. Yes. The only customer-seen part is a counter, two benches and some magazines, so you can peruse Redbook while awaiting your fried delights. I came away with a dinner that consisted of two breasts and two wings, plus fries, roll and slaw; and added extra fries and a roll to that. Grand total, about $12. I wasn't super-starving, so this was enough for me and the husband, but you can add on additional pieces of chicken (or change up your piece options) pretty easily. The prices are very good, the combinations of various chicken parts are endless, and the people are very friendly.But most importantly? The food is very good. The skin is delightfully crispy and flavorful -- and not very greasy -- and the chicken was juicy and tender. The fries were, well, crinkle fries, but done well. (Next time, broasted potatoes.) No complaints on the roll, the honey is a nice touch.I'll have to try their seafood sometime... in the meantime, I think we have a winner over Brown's and the like. Sorry it took us so long, Chicken Manor. We'll be back.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,11/7/2010,20,37,2,3,2>Going out for a movie and dinner, why not do it at the same time. I have been here on several occasions and I always have a good time here. Wednesday night if your a college student, bring your college ID and the movie cost $3!!!When you step through the front doors you are taken into a jungle movie scene for the lobby. In the lobby there is a bar where you may order drinks before your show. My favorite thing about the lobby is all the movie posters. Some walls are covered from ground up with old and new movie posters. It is like you are looking at the history of film. Now you walk into your theater and you are taken into themed theaters. There are Wizard of Oz, Academy Awards, Egyptian, Cartoon, Chinese Palace, Underwater, and Mayan themed rooms. Once in one of these awesome theaters, you sit down at your comfy chair at your bar like table. Then the food process begins.The waiters come and take everyones order, before the movie begins. You can get various things from taco salad to pizza, and of course POPCORN! During the beginning of the movie your food starts to come out, and don't worry the waiters aren't going to be in your way of watching the movie. Towards the middle of the movie the waiters come to offer desserts. When I have come I have tried the fiery chicken fingers which were good. And the pizza which was also good. Now the food isn't as great as some of the higher end dinner & movie experiences. But the fun time and all the cool things to be seen here make up for the food.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,11/6/2010,123,413,4,7,4>After driving past the building many times, I have never thought to actually stop in. To be honest, it's located in a lot with an old abandoned Kmart building or something. Not really the most inviting of places. Surely they can't have good food? Well fast forward to a month ago when I was at the Pontiac dealership taking it up the ass in car repairs. One of the employees recommended Gemato's as a lunch option. I walked across the street to try it out. Inside it's really cheesy with cowboys and horses galore. I tried the beef brisket sandwich. Now I've had many a brisket sandwich and I know how awful someone can screw it up. My expectations were low. But when I bit into it, it was absolutely delicious! Honestly this may have been the best BBQ I've had in a long time. The meat was so tender it was practically melting in my mouth.I was so impressed that I actually took my mom here for dinner that night. I'm so glad to find a hidden gem in Naperville. Gemato's is now my BBQ place in the suburbs.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,11/5/2010,30,52,3,6,4>I'm seriously serious - this is the best diner experience I think I've ever had... awesome food (eggs cooked perfectly), flawless service, and I now know what my new favourite hangover cure is - their perfect pancakes.  YUM!My fiancé and I went on a weekday morning at around 11 AM after a few too many sake bombs the night before.  We were sat immediately in one of the 8 or so booths in the diner.  We were served REALLY good coffee immediately (not any of that brown-colored swill that they serve at some diners - this was strong!), and we both ordered breakfasts - Fiance ordered eggs over easy, I ordered mine scrambled.  My fiancé is definitely a connoisseur of hashbrowns, and I am a pancake connoisseur.  We were both totally dazzled by Louie's entire breakfast.  Both of our egg orders were perfect, and the pancakes were light and fluffy and the hashbrowns were crispy but not overdone.  As mentioned above, the service was excellent.  The waitress at Louie's made me feel like she was happy to serve me.  She was friendly and as we were paying our bill, she told us that she was looking forward to seeing us back soon.  I've eaten (and worked) at some fine dining establishments, complete with white tablecloths and polished silverware, that didn't make me feel half as welcome as she did.  Alternatively, I have eaten at some diners that make me feel like I am intruding on some kind of sub-culture, and as an outsider, I am not to be trusted.  This was not the case at Louie's.  Also, their prices are very good - we left a $20 on the table for our two breakfasts, tax, and tip.   However, beware that they only take cash - no credit cards.  I probably gained 5 lbs, but Louie's is definitely proof that diner food is always the cure to a case of the bottle flu. As we were leaving, the waitress told us that Louie's Grill is expanding into the space next door - I believe she said sometime this fall.  My hope is that as they expand, they maintain all the great points of their restaurant... and that they get a credit card machine.  I can't wait to go back and try their patty melt.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,11/4/2010,4739,1870,15,18,14>Alright friends, if you go to Knead I will personally guarantee you a 5 star time. And if for whatever reason you go and feel that you didn't have a 5 star time, you can just consider yourself excommunicato with this senora. Because unfans of Knead, are unfriends of mine.. prepare for your facebook friend count to drop by one.As of today, May 10th, Twenty-Ten (sounds so futuristic this way), I have found my favorite suburban spot. In fact, it might just be my fave spot regardless of geographic location- scratch that, I meant universal sector (again, more future-tabulous). It was hard to choose from their vast menu, but for me it came down to the freshly sliced apples, gruyere cheese, frisee salad, red onion, the best dijon you could ever imagine, and some fresh as can be bread AKA the Cheese Monger Sandwich. It was probably one of the most delicious things to have ever slipped past (okay, shoved into) my lips. As a person who's lactose intolerant, I can tell you that it was worth every bit of the inevitable stomach ache I will surely get in the next few hours. The BF got the Zen Tuna which consists of seared rare tuna, wasabi-ginger mayo, mesclun, cucumber, and tomatoes on multigrain slices. He wasn't that hungry going in, but managed to scarf the whole thing down in no time flat. In fact, it was the first time in our 6 years of dating where he actually finished all his food, and finished it before me, no less. It was one for the record books, my friends. We also indulged with a couple of phenomenal chai tea lattes and some chocolate fudge-y squares to round out the meal. Let me tell you, it was all to die for. The owners were so very gracious, not to mention super sexy. They were winding the shop down for the day, as they close at 4 most evenings, and gave us a big loaf of bread to take home since they get their bread fresh everyday and couldn't use it any longer. What we also got was a dinner menu to go as they are now open for dinner on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays from 6-10... oh, and they're BYOB, but don't tell anyone else. I don't need any problems arising involving me having to wait for a table.  I'll likely be here every night, so say hi if you see me and get ready to enjoy a 5 star type of meal.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,11/3/2010,72,33,7,4,5>I wondered, after all of the reviews, if we would encounter smiley or surly Katy....I'd read she likes babies, but my baby (though quite apparent) is not out of the oven yet.  Think she felt "ma-ma-hu-hu" about the in-between stage and was thus kinda sorta nice.  Katy seated us, moving us from one table to the spot she said was coolest.  We dutifully ordered the dan-dan noodles, beef noodle soup, and boiled dumplings.  I love me some spicy food, but don't wanna overdo it now that I'm hugely preggo and have a little guy drinking my meals.  The spiciness was perfect!  Just the slightest perspiration from the chilis and a warm tongue.  The noodles are, as everyone says, amazing.  You can definitely taste the difference and the mouth-feel is absolutely different from the machine-made noodles of everywhere else.  The broths are richly flavored, and the portions are good.  I still prefer the taste of the beef in the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup from that little place in the International Mall a short drive away (theirs are more...pot-roast-like), but these noodles and broth are a win.  Boiled dumplings were good; the dough had a nice toothiness to them and held the flavorful juices that the meat was leaking.  Bought a bag of pork & chive frozen dumplings for home (I firmly believe that every freezer should be stocked with frozen dumplings in case of dumpling emergency)...so cheap!  50 for what was it, $13?  Fantastico.  Can't wait to try them and go back for another noodle adventure with Katy.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,11/2/2010,176,176,1,6,3>We were pretty much sold on the quality of the restaurant when we first stepped into Wok 'n Fire in St. Charles. The decor was like a something you'd see in a nice downtown Chicago restaurant... but we were in the suburbs!The place was dimly lit, but had an ever-changing color display of lights throughout the restaurant. A large gold Buddha staged in red light is what you see in the entryway. The lounge area is to the left and restaurant to the right. We were seated at a booth (party of 8) by a golden dragon wall piece, again immersed in color-changing lights.Food was excellent (by suburban standards). Two people in our party agreed that the coconut shrimp appetizer was the BEST they have ever tasted and said they could easily come back and order a few rounds of those as their meal. I ordered basil chicken with brown rice (from their wok tossed entrees), which was nicely presented and had great flavor. Their freshly made ginger ale with flavored vodka was great too. I had one with pomegranate and got to try one with vanilla. Both were tasty and refreshing, but not too heavy on the alcohol.I laughed when each person who eventually made a trip to the restrooms came back exclaiming, "You gotta go see the bathrooms. They're beautiful!" I did check out the men's room and, indeed, it was quite nice with round glass sinks, excellent tile work, more colored lights (see a pattern here?). I opted not to take a picture inside the restroom, for obvious reasons.Great place for a nice dinner with a group of friends. A little more on the pricey side, but definitely worth it. The restaurant is on the corner of a modern parking structure near the river, but don't let that fool you. St. Charles is the right town for this classy suburban restaurant and the parking structure just adds to the convenience of your visit.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,11/1/2010,160,193,2,2,2>It's as easy as Mac and Cheese Pizza!! How did I not think of this mix prior to having it here?? Either way, it was really delicious!I like Mad Mark's because it's comfortable, homey, and has some good ass food!The restaurant is huge!! There is more than one bar, a dance floor, and a huge patio.  I'm a fan of nice patios!! :)The staff is friendly, the management is attentive, and you can't find much to be upset about with a drink in hand and some delicious pizza from a family owned restaurant.Although I do find most 'beach like' places to be somewhat corny, I did not feel that way here at all.  There wasn't the massive amount of douche bags hanging by the dance floor, margaritaville playing over the loud speaker on repeat, or really tacky decor.  I found myself in a laid back environment, enjoying my food and drinks.I had the pizza, but next time would really like to try out some more of the menu.. it all looks so good :)
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,10/31/2010,288,400,4,5,5>My review is mainly about their food! One of the great things about this place is that it's FREE! They could make even more $$ by charging for admission but don't! They make up for charging more for their pumpkin selections and food. It was a perfect day to go, the weather was amazing and it was just the right amount of people, not overly crowded. The roast corn was my favorite! $3 for one, but it's definitely worth it because the corn is super sweet and a touch of butter it makes it so much better! *drools* I can eat it everyday, but my arteries might clog (haha). We than had BBQ pull pork sandwiches and it was delicious and tasty. The right amount of sauce and pork in between a set of buns. The grill brat was simple, placed a hot dog bun, but the flavor was different from the ones I normally had and I enjoyed it.  Sweets - the cinnamon apple cider donut is definitely a go to for those that craves something sweet! Delicious! The huge frosted cookie is soft and moist, but a tad too sweet for me. The pumpkin pie has a kick to it and very flavorful!It was a beautiful day so we walked around and the variety of pumpkins is great with the "wee be little" and mini pumpkins to huge ones that are three times as big as your head! They have various character boards and a huge pumpkin with corn stocks and hay surrounding it to take photos at. They also have an animal zoo, hay ride, and corn stalk maze that you can pay to see, but we decided to pass and enjoy the food and surroundings. Definitely a cute place to take the kids too!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,10/30/2010,65,785,2,5,3>Our experience here pretty much colloborated most of the main points from previous reviews:Excellent quality and fresh seafoodSimple and casual table settingFriendly and casual environmentDelicious and bottomless garlic rollsWife had Seafood Italiano (with angel hair pasta), and I had chargrilled Florida black grouper - both fresh and very good.  The red potatoes with the grouper could have been boiled more, but not a biggie.  What struck me most was how vibrant and casual the dining room was on a Friday evening.  It was relatively dead on two previous lunch visits from years ago.  Also, a few patrons were in T-shirt and shorts, while another was wearing a tie  - a casual and well accepted mix.  Most diners seemed to be 45+, so it's an older crowd.  Folks are here for good food in a plain and casual setting, and we're in that group too for this place.  Overall rating of 4  is based on something like 5 for the food, and 3 for the setting and rest.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,10/29/2010,65,419,2,5,8>Vie is, as always, simply amazing.  We went this week for the anniversary dinner with 5 friends and it was wonderful.  The special prix fixe menu for Vie's anniversary had no disappointments - and the rum runner to start the meal was lovely.  Each course was fabulous, from the gnocchi to the tomato (which was maybe top 10 most delicious things I've ever had) and then the beef entree.  Dessert was a gooey butter cake with wee brownie bits and a little sandwich cookie - yum.  Really nice wine pairings went along with the meal for an extra $15.  As always, the service was outstanding - Jimmy was our server last night and we've been lucky enough to be seated in his section before.    His knowledge of the menu and wines and his stories - he is truly a treasure.  All in all a great place for a wonderful meal and good times with friends.  Even my non-star-struck husband gave Chef Virant a gushy thanks and goodbye as we were leaving.We'll always go back to Vie and I'd gladly recommend it to anyone looking for a great meal.  It's not the cheapest place but it's well worth the price for the creative, thoughtful and, best of all, delicious food!
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,10/28/2010,46,97,4,6,4>I first want to point out that I just started to eat Sushi one year ago and I am now HOOKED. Now I don't eat the raw rolls due to stomach issues but man oh man do I LOVE the rolls with shrimp and veggies. I am a avocado freak and cream cheese so I always order ones with that in them. :)I just love downtown Wheaton and I am actually considering moving down there in a few months. How can you not love that little town. There is so much to do and the Metra rain spot is right there! My bf and I were dying to eat some Sushi and we went to one place we like in another area of Wheaton and they were closed until 5 so I said Google Sushi on your phone. I still have an old school phone. LOL. We found Sushi Mono and it was only 10 minutes further then the Wheaton area we were already in. We got down there and found a parking spot right on the same block which was great because street parking in most towns is brutal. Walking into Sushi Mono we were amazed by the decor. What a pretty restaurant! GREAT date spot or group day/night out. Nice staff and very helpful. We pretty much knew what we wanted walking in and if you glance at the photos I uploaded you will see that they have AMAZING food presentation. We were def impressed! We were starving so (lol) we both ended up eating FOUR rolls each. Ha I/we could not get enough. We will def be going back here very soon. Maybe even this week!Welcome to Wheaton Sushi Mono. I hope you are around for a LONG time. I will be spreading the word around for people to give you guys a try. I already follow you on Facebook and Twitter! :)CHEERS!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,10/27/2010,287,787,6,12,8>Eat.Here.Now. Bring an appetite. Chat with the oh so friendly Chef. And taste whatever samples he offers. Trust me. I have a new favorite food and it's name is Cevapi. Thanks to Ericka A for accompanying me to this corner of Naperville. She and Chef got into a discussion about Bosnian food and I learned so much! In between tastes of the Tomato Basil soup (warm, creamy, fresh tomato flavor) and the chicken salad (great flavor and the dressing is rich but not heavy at all) our cevapi cooked away on the grill as the lepijna warmed as well. There's a lot to choose from on the menu--burgers, fish, chicken, grilled veggies and salads and everything is made to order. Do NOT forget the gelato, that is totally worth a bit of a calorie splurge as well (If you're counting calories I mean).  The white hazelnut was tasty, creamy, flavorful. All the gelato is made on site. There are nice picnic tables set up in the shaded area next door which if you're lucky to visit on a nice day, it's a perfect setting to enjoy the great food. The cevapi meat sausages were amazing--very meaty with good flavor--not greasy at all. The meat, topped with onions, garden fresh tomatoes, piled on the warm fluffy lepijna bread was a flavor explosion!  I did bring an appetite (I ordered a side of fries too) but the servings were huge! I could only finish half of the cevapi and we barely put a dent in the fries. The lucky hubs of mine got to enjoy my leftovers at home. The home-made bleu cheese that Chef insisted I have for the fries was so good. He also insisted I taste some of their home-made coleslaw--that was so amazing as well! Like I said, just do what Chef says and you'll be set. I'm coming back for the chicken salad for sure and there's probably more cevapi in my future.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,10/26/2010,174,261,6,6,6>I met the devil at the Crossroads and he offered me all you can eat Crab Legs for $25.95, and so we ate and ate and ate...bucket after sinful bucket, 21 in all!We were so bummed when we tried to meet at the old North Ave. locale only to find they had closed and so so happy to refind them at the new digs, complete with outside deck for summertime fun!The service was super friendly, especially considering we were crab chowing hounds, and the libations were fast flowing as well.The wings are also delicious, as are the burgers.  The Funion Onion burger is my favorite so far, but I haven't tried "The No Makin' Out With You" Burger yet: onions, garlic, and horseradish, sounds awesome though.Live music on Saturdays (same night as the crab legs special).  Looks like they have a wings special on Tuesday nights, so I'll have to check that out sometime this summer.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,10/25/2010,13,12,3,3,3>After hemming and hawing about deciding on where to eat, some friends and I ended up at Red Dragon, which was in perfect walking distance from their apartment. They have a pretty extensive menu, and we ended up sharing orders of crab Rangoon, Mongolian beef, and General Tso's chicken (not the most authentic of dishes, but there you go). The generous portion of crab Rangoon was exceptional - very hot, crunchy, and not at all skimpy on the fillings. The beef was only ok, rather tough, but the chicken was better than I was expecting. Our server was not very attentive, especially since the room was fairly empty when we were there, and I also didn't appreciate being sat in a booth right next to the kitchen, where our conversation was constantly interrupted by clanging dishes and silverware. I would probably go back, but I would ask to be seated somewhere else.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,10/24/2010,99,133,5,8,5>I asked the server what language he speaks because there are some food items I only know how to say in Chinese (also I wanted to figure out what food this restaurant specializes in so I know how to order). He responds, 'what language you want? i can speak it. chinese, korean, japanese, i know it all'. At first I thought he was joking, but he was for real!Chinese born, immigrated to Korea. Majored in hotel hospitality so learned Japanese in college. Wait a minute...that sounds a lot like the previous owner of Yu's. What did you say? You owned Yu's? NOODLES, please! I forgot how freakin good Yu's noodles are. Chewy, perfectly chewy. kiu kiu as we say in Taiwanese. Best noodles I've ever had and SO different from anywhere else I've ever had. We got the Ping noodle platter (la jao mien) and the Ping Noodle Soup (chow ma mien). I was a little hesitant because I recently came back from New England and had great seafood. Eating seafood in Chicago, not to mention the 'burbs, I was skeptical. But the seafood was amazing! So tender, succulent, not at all rubbery. Octopus, scallops, shrimp, perfectly cooked. It's so easy to over cook shrimp, but they didn't! I was amazed!   Next time we'll have to try some non-noodle dishes. I'm so excited to go back!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/23/2010,70,159,3,4,3>First what it isn't: fancy. Wing Shack is an apt name for this place, it revels in it's dive-iness. Beer selection isn't very comprehensive, I tend to pick a neutral flavor like Blue Moon to go with the wings. As far as wings go, I have yet to have better. They are bigger, crispier and have just enough breading to soak up that wonderful sauce. For me, the garlic wings define heavenly. The base sauce is a no-holds-barred burst of flavors and the pile of garlic bits just take it over the top. These are not wings for those just looking to get a burn, frankly I've had way hotter. The other flavors (they used to only have two, regular and garlic) are well balanced and good but the garlic wings are what keep me coming back. Prepare to reek of garlic for a good 12 hours. The pizza's very good if not outstanding for a neighborhood bar in Palatine while other menu items are just par for the course. Service is down-to-earth and friendly. Seat yourself in front of one of the TVs for game night. Oh, and ask for a Bloody Mary if you want a change of pace. It works surprisingly well with the wings too.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,10/22/2010,43,217,3,6,3>This place has midwest written allllll over it. If you don't like gigantic perfectly cooked meat, seafood, or classic sides (double baked potato, mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, asparagus, mushrooms) along with some strong drinks, this place is not for you...and you are not from here.Gibson's takes the Steakhouse and takes it to the next level. Although you will certainly pay for this next level, you will not be disappointed. I first want to point out that I had the pleasure of coming here on Gibson's dime. So I'd just like to say a big Gibson's portion sized THANK YOU for a wonderful experience! The biggest thing that blew me away, however, was that although your staff knew we were dining here for free, they treated us beautifully. I constantly have my meal ruined by servers who feel they do not need to treat you with as much enthusiasm as they would with a guest who was paying full price when I have a discount through work or yelp or otherwise or are eating for free. This always disappoints me. Its almost as if the waitstaff decides they won't be tipped because these cheap bastards aren't paying for their meal. Missed opportunity, my friends, I will tip much much more if I am treated with the full experience I expect to be. Our two waiters were great! They really took care of us and you could tell they enjoyed cracking jokes and talking meat... or at least are very good actors. They added to our experience immensely. We started by getting the Large Lobster Tail to split for our table of 10. Yes, a lobster tail satiated a TABLE OF TEN. They don't mess around with the word large. Lobster isn't my specialty because it isn't my favorite...but the flavor was there, and the big bucket of butter, so no complaints. Next came our entrees (I had to get the Chicago Cut Steak, med rare). Apparently they have this technology that ensures your meat is cooked perfectly to your order? I am not sure what this does or how it works, but all of our steaks were cooked beautifully to our liking. I split this with a coworker, and was not sad that I did so. We ordered several sides to try and I'd recommend above all else the double baked potato (which is saying a lot, I'm a mashed potato girl and I preferred these to our mashed potatoes!), the mushrooms, and the asparagus. The rest of the sides were quite good, but not comparable to these three. As we were all sitting in a food coma, ready to just go home and crawl into bed, they brought us dessert. GIANT carrot cake slice, the biggest strawberry shortcake I've ever seen, and a macadamia nut encrusted turtle sundae pie that made me want to cry tears of happiness. My stomach somehow allowed me to take small pieces of each of these...and thanked me for it. These are definitely not gourmet takes on any of the desserts, but they are crowd pleasing and delish. If you are out with a group and want to top of the evening and impress everyone, order some shots of espresso (who can fit a whole coffee in their tummy after this experience?) and one of any three of these  to split. Absolutely amazing. Their martinis are quite good and all of their drinks are made strong. They have a decent wine selection and I'm a little sad that I did not partake in it. Clearly I could not afford to go here all the time, but if you are a steak lover you have to go at least once. If you have clients you need to love Chicago, Gibson's is the place. I know I will be recommending it to anyone who asks me where THE place for steaks is in the Suburbs.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,10/21/2010,143,203,,6,4>Much MUCH different than it's Wicker Park counterpart.They have fabulous coffee here, but this definitely is not a coffee house.Cafe de Luca is a rustic, romantic Italian eatery that I get absolutely thrilled to visit. (Minus one star for the fact that every time I have tried to sit on the upstairs deck there is a private party! Good for them for booking the business, but the sidewalk just isn't the same.  I WILL see that deck one day!)Peroni on tap on a warm summer day?  They've got it!Fresh seafood dishes and pasta plates that will appease the most discerning diner?  They've got those too.Salads that are special enough to really actually serve as an entree? Si!The LARGEST brownie sundae ever made with pistachio ice cream (my favorite!)?  Yep.  An entire menu of espresso drinks with alcohol?  Bingo.And a martini list that spans the entire area above the bar? I am loving Cafe de Luca.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,10/20/2010,264,158,3,5,3>Best burger in town.There is no substitute.Meat delivered fresh everyday.  Melts it your mouth not in your hand.  I heard the hype about the burger coming in to Charlie Beinlich's one afternoon.The place is out of the Twilight zone.  Very cool, pay phone by the door not sure if it works old school bar and tables.  I was wondering if the Fonze or Richie Cunningham were going to show up.  They don't take credit cards or serve coffee and desert because such things do not exist in the twilight zone.  Back to the burger thats why we come here.  I had the medium well with cheddar cheese and raw onion.  I came with a big plate of really delicious french fries and coleslaw.  As soon as I took the first bite taste buds were exploding in my mouth.  I don't know what it is about the Beinlich burger but it is just the best tasting burger ever.  This was my first time coming here and anytime I want a burger there is only one option to go Beinlich's.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,10/19/2010,223,313,3,8,5>One of my favorite non-charcoal all-you-can-eat korean bbq places in the area.  They don't even have marinated short rib (just plain short rib), but still awesome.Open until 4am, karaoke in the back, and other then the bbq, the perfect spot for a morning hangover breakfast.  After a night of drinking, gamja tang (spicy pork bone and potato soup) hits the spot.Now back to the main event: the BBQ.  All the cuts of meat are fresh and meaty.  Even the pork belly slices come out super thick and unfrozen (unlike other places).  All the meat is cooked on a huge cast iron pig shaped dome and my favorite thing to cook on it is their jooh-muh-luk.  Fat cuts of ribeye marinated in sesame oil... like little bites of steak.  There's no need to constantly change the grill and the pan gets seasoned with all the meat you're cooking.  Also towards the end of the meal they bring out huge strips of leafy kimchi and put them around the edges of the pan to cook.  Of course your usual spread of ban chan (side dishes).  Overall good food any time of the day.  Get your meat on.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,10/18/2010,77,41,,6,5>When it comes to Asian cuisine, I will take Thai, Chinese or Vietnamese food over Indian food...until I came to Shree in Westmont.Wow. Awesome to no end.More and more, I am seeing solid restaurants in spaces that were called "restaurant killers", the dreaded strip mall. I was shocked to hear that Shree has been flourishing in its space since 1982.I can try to describe the meal in detail, but I am a total rookie when it comes to this style of grub...but I can say this...if you want to prove that vegetarian cuisine can be a complex, wonderful way to cook, come to Shree. Its very good comfort food in a setting with a family connection, which shows itself in the service.Even though this is not a huge, detailed review, Shree deserves its 5 stars. Its fantastic.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,10/17/2010,58,186,3,3,3>I pass by this place everyday on the way home.  Naturally, I had to stop in.  There is a van with a huge sign "Pizza and Pop" for a few bucks facing the intersection.  So, on the way to lunch, I had no idea what to eat.  Dropping in, there is a small eating area with a few tables.  The menu is pretty expansive considering it's a small place.I was on the run, so I grabbed a few slices of pizza and it came out fairly quick.  Pizza was pretty good.  It had plenty of pepperoni and sausage on a pretty big slice.  I'm sure I'll eventually come back to try some of the other pasta dishes, etc since it's right by where I live.  I'm glad to know theres a decent pizza place literally minutes away and a good place to order from on a lazy day.I wonder if this place is any relation to the Marinos in Woodale???
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,10/16/2010,9,68,3,3,3>This is a small BBQ joint in Midlothian that has become very very popular since is opened.I grew up in the area and hadn't been to the place in roughly a decade.  Back then, it was still quite popular, but it was generally a shack that had some very good pork chop sandwiches.They have changed quite a bit.  They have expanded and completely remodeled.  The inside is now the equivalent of a very nice casual dining restaurant.  It was a very pleasant surprise.  A great place to sit and eat.The food was outstanding as usual.  The have a good selection of BBQ and of course, the famous pork chop sandwiches.  Everything is reasonably priced and you get a good portion of food.The staff there was made of primarily young kids, but they were very nice and attentive.  That too, based on their age, was a surprise.One caveat is that they accept only cash, BUT they provide an ATM.I was very happy with my experience.  I would certainly recommend this place.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,10/15/2010,106,183,6,4,4>Wow, apparently I went on a Yelp vacation. Haven't written a review in ages. Nothing like butter-smothered popcorn to get a girl in action.I so enjoy the York theatre. I've never had any problems with the staff or with the sound quality or start time of a movie. I also always request extra extra butter on my popcorn and they happily comply.The bathrooms are clean, the decor fun, and the popcorn yummy.Have I mentioned I really like their popcorn? MMMMMM....popcorn. Droooool. Oh, right, the review. Go here, see movies, eat popcorn. You can thank me later.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,10/14/2010,191,452,3,9,7>The suburbs have done it to me again.Just when I think I've been banished to the land of boring chain restaurants, Prasino comes along and surprises me with its array of deliciously "green" and creative dishes in its minimalist chic space.  Sitting on the banks of the Fox River, Prasino  is truly a welcomed addition to the ever growing downtown St. Charles.Maryum S. and I came in for a weekday lunch.  We were asked if we'd be looking at the breakfast of lunch menu as well (breakfast is served until 2pm daily!).  Prasino is a very vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free friendly restaurant.  I assumed that since they specifically use organic and local ingredients that their menu would not offer too many choices.  Boy was I wrong!  It wasn't easy choosing between wraps, whole wheat flat bread pizzas, burgers, tacos, pastas, and more.  We had to get our drink on first....especially since it was a 76 degree day in October...refreshments were definitely a must.  Organic chai iced tea ($3.45) for me, served in a sexy curved glass.  Light.  Subtly sweet. Refreshing! On to the food....We both decided on the short rib tacos (3 per order) which were served with our choice of either fresh fruit, garlic potato wedges, organic chips, or the salad of the day.  For a fancy schmancy restaurant, portions here are quite generous.  I enjoyed every layer of my meaty taco.  The short rib was tender, smoky, and still had a crunch here and there to offer.  The guacamole was rich and creamy and the shredded Wisconsin cheddar gave it a great bite!  I barely even used the poblano cream, not that it wasn't delicious, but this taco didn't need any condiment help.   My only complaint would be that the oil from the short ribs did start to pool and by the time I got to my last taco, I was getting a mouthful of short rib oilyness.Justine, our server, was awesome.  Friendly.  Attentive.  Informative.  I asked her if they offered a kids menu and she even gave me the kids menu to take home.  (Kids meals are available for $6). On our way out, we stopped by their cafe area where they sell their very own brand of teas, coffee, oil & vinegar, and even chocolate covered animal crackers.   Chocolate covered animal crackers...need I write more?
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,10/12/2010,199,119,2,7,2>I've been wanting to go here for a really long time - I get my nails done at the nearby Lifetime Fitness spa, so I pass this place once every two weeks. Boy am I glad that we finally decided to try this place out last Saturday!We arrived at almost 9PM. While the restaurant wasn't packed, it still had a nice buzz going. We were seated immediately, and our server was such a sweet lady. I thought that it was pretty cool that they offered you a small portion of wine to try, based on what you told your waitress what you liked. I tried a very sweet white wine, and my boyfriend tried a red that was delicious. We had our hearts set on the white sangria though!The pretzel bread they bring out is fantastic! I had to stop myself from eating the whole loaf while the BF enjoyed his salad - we didn't get any appetizers this time, but I'm dying to try the margherita flatbread next time! I tried the salad and liked it - they have good ranch dressing, which means a lot to me ;)I had a hard time deciding what I wanted - everything on the menu looked insane and I wanted it all! I settled on the filet medallion trio, and each had a different crust - parmesan, bleu cheese, and horseradish. Now I don't like horseradish, but the BF does, so we took that one home for him. I ordered mine medium, and they were cooked to perfection. The steak was melting in my mouth, I barely had to chew! Halfway through my meal, I declared: "I'm gonna say it... these are better than Wildfire!" - that's a pretty bold statement, as I live for Wildfire filet medallions. My meal was served with the most delicious mashed potatoes - very creamy and buttery, absolutely amazing. My boyfriend had a simple cheeseburger, which he loved. Instead of fries, he got what was called Betty's Potatoes - hash brown style potatoes, baked in a dish covered in cheese and breadcrumbs - YUM! Unlike anything I've ever tasted before!I wish I had room for dessert, as there were a few I had my eye on. But there's always next time! I really enjoyed the white sangria - and there are several other types of sangria I'd love to try the next time around. The decor is nice, and since they consider themselves "casual upscale", it has a nice vibe. Everything is very reasonably priced, in my opinion - especially the sangria pitchers. I plan on going back here several times to try out the rest of the menu - I'm obsessed with Cooper's Hawk!
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,10/11/2010,771,552,4,7,5>This place is is ginormous. I'm glad we made the little trip to grocery shop. 1. The produce is expansive!! Ridiculously awesome and fresh! I had the urge to go on an extreme veggie and fruit diet just so I could keep going back for the produce. The big ticket item for me was GLOBE Grapes since they are hard to come by. They were nice, big, snappy and sweet! Plus it's priced just right!2. The bakery was also pretty large, but it wasn't as filled as I'd hope it would be. Maybe because it was a Sunday afternoon? I don't know. 3. The prices for other items were average, so I was kind of disappointed.4. They had Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Asian items. I'm sure other ethnicities too. 5. They had a whole nut section, i.e. peanuts, almonts, pecans, etc. ;)I will definitely be stopping again. I think its well worth the 15 minute drive.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,10/10/2010,850,1294,5,7,7>I'm sitting here as I browse the internet and taking little breaks to stuff my face with the two leftover slices of our delicious Barone's pizza from last night. It's almost as good as yesterday, which says a lot for any food, especially pizza. And while I might prefer the sauce and toppings of places such as Giordano's, they could learn a thing or two about bread making. Barone's will make sure no carb is left behind, and I'm pretty sure they coat their pans with real butter.Our Pizza Connoisseurs club met for our monthly meeting. Rebecca R's boyfriend suggested the place and this was his one shot to impress us or forever be banned from pizza picking. He did not disappoint. We came on a weekday and the place wasn't dead, but was still able to seat all nine of us immediately. We just had to be careful not to pass it by, because the signage could definitely be upgraded so it doesn't look like an out-of-business business.Drink orders were taken immediately and a giant loaf of fresh bread was plopped onto the table. We vanquished it and requested a second basket. They also brought out salt, pepper, Parmesan, crushed red pepper and oregano. But the main event was definitely the Chicago-style pizza: veggie for some, half pepperoni and sausage, and a plain cheese personal for my friend. Everyone walked away happy and brought leftovers. Our four pizzas, wine, beer and other beverages came out to a whopping $100 for 9 of us. Not too shabby.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,10/9/2010,971,2260,4,31,18>If you live in the Western burbs- you know about the Peabody estate as it was always rumored to haunted which entertained kids for generations of ghost stories. Empty for years- it has now been taken over by the park district who is working to restore this lovely old home and grounds. A bit of history. Francis Peabody (the original owner) made his money in coal. And like many well to do Chicagoans, he wanted a country house worthy of a man of his stature. Mayslake is done in the Tudor Revival style and is fashioned after a 15th century house in Warwickshire, England. It originally sat on 848 acres, has 39 rooms and cost a whopping $750,000 to build in 1921. Back in the day- this estate was the site for drag hunts (where a scent is dragged for the hounds to follow but no animals are killed) and elaborate parties for the elite of Chicago. Want a little more Chicago trivia? The firm that designed and built Mayslake (Marshall and Fox) also did the Drake hotel and the Blackstone hotel. So they were well acquainted with the opulence of the time. The really sad news? Peabody finished the house in 1921 but unfortunately died in 1922 (heart attack at a drag hunt) so the house was back on the market for a little under $2 million. They couldn't sell it, so the Franciscans (a Catholic order) bought it two years later for the bargain price of $450,000. Fast forward to today. Much of the land was sold off over the years for subdivisions in the area and in the 90's, the Franciscans wanted to sell the remainder to another developer who was going to tear it down and build 130 new homes. At that point- historians from around the area stepped in and the Du Page Forest Preserve bought the land and buildings for $17.5 million to save the house and restore it to it's original grandeur. The property today is used for weddings and other functions (I attended an art show there recently) The house has a long way to go to be totally renovated but the grand hall is done as is the living room and the chapel that make for a lovely setting. And the prices to rent the space are about half of what you would find at other venues. Plus- you know that your rental is helping to restore the grounds and house. You can also take guided tours of the house and grounds for about $5 (times are posted on their website) The grounds have hiking trails, a dog park, and a large lake that is stocked for people to fish on. There is also a small chapel, and an outdoor stage. I love that this bit of Chicago history was able to be saved. I marvel at the craftsmanship that is evident everywhere you look. And that future generations will also be able to enjoy this snapshot into the way things were back in the early 20th century.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,10/8/2010,2184,1339,5,9,6>Everyone loves Yu's! And I must admit, I, too, am a fan of the food.Went here last night with some friends. We got lemon chicken (was okay, not amazing), shrimp toast appt (I didn't try this but my friends said it was good), Szechwan eggplant dish (my friend said this was good), Chow Mein (good), and Crispy Honey Chicken (this was amazing! it is every time I get it...the absolute bomb diggy!). The portions are huge so one order will feed way more then one person...we all took home leftovers except for the beastly male eater in our group.The crazy thing...we went at 9pm & still had a 30 minute wait. When we left at about 11, the place was still packed and poppin! The pretty hostess said that orders can be placed until 11pm and then you are fine to stay after that time. I've been there before on Sundays and definitely didn't expect it to be completely packed still so late-Good for them!Because it was so packed, the parking lot was completely full. There is tons of parking though so it just meant you had to park a bit further in the lot. I saw one lady standing outside at 915 saving a parking spot...really not necessary...just walk a little.Service was actually above average for a Chinese restaurant...they were quick, attentive, and remembered all of our requests.Definitely will be back to Yu's~love it! :)
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,10/7/2010,33,144,5,8,5>Zenwich is one of those rare places that's truly unique.  See, people throw around words like "kinda unique, or really unique, or most unique" but there aren't degrees of uniqueness.  You're either unique or you're not.  Zenwich is unique.And now I've written the word "unique" so many times it doesn't look like a word anymore.Name me another sandwich shop where you can get an entree from nearly every major cuisine style in Asia slapped between two pieces of ciabatta and served with fresh-made, bizarrely but delicious seasoned potato chips.  You probably can't.  But it's not only unique, it's really quite good.  My wife got a chicken satay sandwich, that I sampled and it was great.  I went a little more traditional and got ham and cheese (I missed that there was a Korean barbeque sandwich on the specials board) but they weren't content with just a ham and cheese sandwich.  They added some lovely dijon and garlic mayo that gave it a special flavor.The chips were easily one of the best parts.  They were clearly made right there and were seasoned with some that was once again uni... not like anything else.The people who run the place were also really nice.  They make everything for your sandwich right there and take care to make sure everything is just right.  I always appreciate that sort of thing.So if you want a sandwich but are also interested in trying something out of the ordinary, I can't think of a better place.  So get to it quickly.  This place is new and we don't want to see it fade away so go there.  Now.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,10/6/2010,50,130,3,4,3>Comparing The Patio to Portillo's is blasphemous and I for one, won't stand for it!The Patio is sleek and modern, with ample, well spaced seating. The menu is large enough that everyone can find something they like. The cashiers are friendly, and the kitchen looks calm and professional. Whereas Portillo's is loud, with tables smashed together, and the kitchen looks like a bunch of misfits clamoring around preparing your gruel.I highly recommend the: ribs. roasted chicken, beef brisket, pulled pork, chicken kabobs and spaghetti. The sides are excellent as well, although my cornbread has been a bit dry in the past. The meat, and really all the ingredients are high quality, and you can taste the difference. I like to grab a beer at the separate bar, then head to my table and wait to be served my mouthwatering BBQ - Not stand in line and wait for my number to be shouted while my soggy chicken sandwich is pushed at me on a lunch tray ahem, Portillos.After devouring my meal, I like to sit back and relax, take in some tv on the nicely mounted teles and sweetly ask my hubby to fetch me a cappuccino from the dessert bar. Sure you can bus your own table, but an attentive busboy always seems to sweep my dishes away before i have the chance. Just in time to dive into my sugar coma while I feel sorry for the poor suckas at Portillos shoving their nasty remnants into an over flowing trash can, then rushing out the door to escape the terrifying lack of ambience.So for about the same price, you can have a truly enjoyable 'fast food' experience with high quality food, solid BBQ prep, and lots of tasty extras, or you can stoop to the lows of Portillo's - it's your call!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,10/5/2010,252,423,2,5,2>This place was formerly known as Grill 59 and Pita 59 so you can see some other reviews under those names. We really like Pita Crave and their mounds of Middle Eastern food.  Did I say "mounds"?  You bet!  The portions here for the meals are huge so come hungry or you will have leftovers for later.  It's a counter-style place so you'll order and then take your food back to your table.  I have not tried something here I didn't like. I especially love the Chicken Shwarma meal and their hummus.  We took one of our "city" friends here because he is always skeptical of truly good food in the 'burbs and couldn't believe we would have delicious Middle Eastern food minutes from our home. He was shocked, amazed and literally had to eat his words. My four-star rating is based on the quality of the food. The service is what you would expect from a counter-style place; not necessarily attentive but the aren't rude, either. Just average friendly no-nonsense take your order and move on. And I'm okay with that.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,10/4/2010,63,83,5,7,8>I really only crave a burger once in a great while, and when I do, I usually opt for Culvers.  It looks like now I'll have another place to consider.  This place was pretty good.  It's decorated pretty nice inside for a little fast food place.  The service was pretty normal and pleasant enough.  You order then the they bring the food to you at your table, which is nice.So the food...the burger was really damn good!  I had a NY Reuben burger, which had swiss cheese, grilled onions, sauerkraut, and thousand island dressing...yum!  It came with a side of fries and they give you ton!  I didn't even come close to finishing the fires.  The fries are as fresh as it gets.  They cut the potato up right then and there.  You can really taste the difference.  Also, all their ingredients for their burgers are all natural, fresh, never frozen, not processed - which is a bonus in my book.  The awesome part about this place also is all the burger toppings you have to choose from to make your own burgers, as well as various dipping sauces for fries and stuff.  I wish I would have tried a dipping sauce.  I can't wait to go back sometime and try other burger toppings too.For me since the burger was just as good, and we spent just as much money as we would at Culver's the fries alone at this place give it an edge for when I have a burger craving.  I'll certainly be going back to Culvers too, but I like that I have a new, second option for when I'm craving that occasional burger!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,10/3/2010,98,172,3,5,3>I never knew what the term Burnch was until several years ago, a guy friend of mine wanted to grab "Brunch". Ever since then, I'm always wanting to grab brunch.Again, I' a GOOGLE gal, so that was the first thing I did when I wanted to grab brunch in this new town of mine from my move from MI.  Of course, I came across a place titled "Brunch Cafe"...well duh! Obviously it severs BRUNCH! I had to go give it a try since it's the first place that I've ever seen with Brunch in its title.AWESOMEE....  The hostess is a small cute girl that is so nice each and every time we go there.  The decor is so "homey" and comforting.  I have only had to wait one time for a table and the other times, I was always seated right away (not that they weren't busy, it's because they are quick with cleaning and setting up)The food they serve is out of this world.  They sure do want to make sure that you walk away full and happy.  I always get too much in my stomach where a little adjustment of the waist is always needed.  You have an assortment of dishes that you may choose from and it's always mind boggling to see everything they have for brunch!I brought my siblings here one time to show them this spectacular place I found and the first thing they noticed was the enormous servings. No one (even the boys) finished their meals as the skillets are  very fulfilling. I brought my parents here one time and that was when we had to wait for our table.  The 30 minute wait was worth it still!I did come here one time with my little girl (just her and I) and we had a slight accident that I thought was taken care of very well. We sat at a smaller table than I would have liked but I wasn't going to complain, they were busy out the door and I really wanted to eat there.  Well, the buser was pushing the cart to gather the dirty dishes and accidently hit my little girls chair.  He immediately apologized and asked right away if she was ok. Of course, she was fine, but I knew that if he had hit her, it would be a different story.  Right after, two manager came up to me to make sure that my little girl was ok as well. No, they didn't wait until after, they dropped what they were doing and rushed over right away. Yes, they could have been worried that she was really injured by this small accident, but if they weren't worried, they wouldn't come over at all. You could tell that the managers truly cared for this business as I alway see them when I came there.We still come there here and there to grab a goo brunch.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,10/2/2010,31,97,3,3,3>you know those people who like to hide and wait for you to pass by so they can pop out and scare you? yeah, that happened to me today, but instead of one person it was a huge group of people... and i didn't know them... and most of them probably didn't know each other... and they weren't hiding... and i'm pretty sure popping out to scare me wasn't on their minds... but, i startle easily.so, i was on a quest the other week to visit some coffee places and this was on my list. unfortunately, by the time i got there it was closed. so, today i made it in on time.for some reason i had like, complete tunnel vision when i walked in. i opened the door, saw the register, walked straight to it and got all nervous because my tunnel vision was blocking out the menu. o_Oi finally found it and a huge display board featuring specials so i went with their toasted marshmallow mocha and a grilled cheese sandwich. well... it wasn't called a "grilled cheese" sandwich because it was so much more, but, in essence, that's what it was. so, i make my order and i'm thinking, "I hope they have places to sit." and i turn to the left and immediately jump back. the place was pretty packed. i seriously didn't notice people sitting at the tables and bar and talking... i almost screamed.also, to my surprise, there's a huge coffee bean roaster deal right in the middle of the floor. i completely didn't see any of it upon walking in. talk about tunnel vision.the mocha and the sandwich were awesome. the sandwich especially. it was made with multiple cheeses and it had an awesome mayo-y, spicy, chipotle-y spread. delicious.the place has a really relaxing ambiance and relaxed feel to it. i'd easily spend a few hours here to just chill.i'm curious about the history of the place though. the building really came off to me as civic center-y. like, a community multi-purpose building turned coffee shop. something about the walls and the layout i think. overall it was a great experience.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,10/1/2010,101,102,9,8,7>After standing around for 10 minutes feeling very in the way, you are led to a table in a dark and poorly decorated dining room. The friendly, attentive, helpful waitress takes your order (which will include the French Onion soup if you know what's good for you) and brings you a basket of bread.DO NOT touch that bread! Yes, it's good bread, and fresh, and crusty in a good way, and tempting, but you will find yourself 1/3 of the way through your delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked steak and glaring at that bread basket for making it impossible to fit more meat in your belly.Parking is kind of a hassle. Try to carpool. The place has been pretty crowded lately. The last time I was there was about a week before it was featured on "Check, Please!" and it was a 15 minute standing-room-only wait for a table. Maybe after the episode airs they'll make enough to move to roomier quarters.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,9/30/2010,371,418,5,6,5>I never had a vegan make me such awesome chicken before! So, I'm really confused as to why this place isn't slammed wall to wall with customers? Because its awesome! The staff (husband/wife team) is friendly and patient (I took about an hour to decide what I wanted -because everything on the menu and specials looked killer) after I thought I decided I changed my mind twice and she was really cool. The owner Devi is a major foodie, we talked about food forever! A woman after my own heart - she loves garlic, onions and spicy! While we were talking, she said"do you want me to make your chicken spicy? i was like "YES!" and she did, it was un-bee-lieveable! Speaking of my chicken, let's talk about that. HOLY AWESOME CHICKEN BATMAN!! I got the Lemon Chicken Artichoke (sans mushrooms, i'm allergic) The chicken, artichokes and roasted red peppers are in a creamy chardonnay lemon sauce (that they made spicy for me), served with corn and fresh green beans (i mixed it all together because the sauce was amazing..  seriously, i am excited to go back and try everything else (the sandwich menu is drool-worthy) but it's going to be hard not to order this chicken again. (another cool thing, while the owner was bagging it up she said "i know you're on a diet, do you want me to leave the side of bread out of your order" -- she read my mind! (because i would have just threw it away) -- and all that food with a salad (great side salad, fresh, crispy, lots of veggies), was less then $10. LESS THEN $10!! WOW! in fact, nothing on the menu is over $16!  They have a sign that says "Tuesday is Pasta Night" - I inquired about it and the owner lady showed me the menu and I'm totally coming, they give u SEVEN kinds of pasta dishes and every week its different (I'll post a pic of this Tuesday's pasta night menu)... I can't wait to come back!!(i posted pics of the menus, the nightly specials (everyday but Tuesday) , the Tuesday special menu and the regular menu...) If you're thinking about going here, don't think anymore, just go! (and call me, I'll come with!!!)
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,9/28/2010,56,208,,7,3>I put up an associate at Hotel Arista, which by the way,  is a beautiful property, and we decided to dine at SugarToad.  I was thrilled with the opportunity, because it's been on my radar for some time.The restaurant is visually stunning, and the focus on detail is very apparent; from the outstanding service to the appealing food presentation, it's all here.The only fault I would mention is the fact that the menu is a tad unconventional, and slightly confusing.  For example, we weren't certain as to the identity of the entree course, the salad course, and the main course, etc. In the end, we decided to order whatever sounded appealing. Actually, everything sounded appealing, and if budget and waistline weren't issues, I would have ordered everything on the menu.It started with a few Lagunitas Hairy Eyeball- man that stuff rocks- and ended with carrot cake with cheese cake ice cream.  It was the best carrot cake I've ever had, and I've had a lot of carrot cake.In between were a divine beet salad and an outstanding duck with black kale.The duck had an incredible smokey flavor- not overwhelming, just a hint to add a layer of flavor that I hadn't anticipated-it was awesome.Dine here with confidence!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,9/27/2010,50,220,4,4,3>For the "I want something fatty and delicious" cravings, I go to Mickey's. I've been eating Mickey's since I was a wee one, and I love it just as much now as I did then. Story time! As children, my brother and I used to come visit family in the Oak Park area often. Growing up I would always get a Big Mickey; sometimes my brother and I would pull out the big guns and get a Triple Mickey, sometimes a gyro. Then, our trips to Oak Park became fewer and our love of Mickey's became a faded memory of delicious, calorie-laden food. No fast food type cheeseburger compared to Mickeys, we'd tell our friends, but we couldn't even be sure if that was true since we hadn't had it in so long.On top of being Big Mickey-less in the STL, finding a good gyro joint in St. Louis is harder than convincing an Imo's pizza fan that they must have burned their taste buds off years ago on hot provel cheese b/c Imo's is just that gross. Again, I began to question my memories - was Mickey's burgers and gyros that good or had my longing for the delicious grub skewed my taste buds' recollection? Taste bud redemption occurred when I decided to go to law school in Chicago. When I moved up to the Oak Park area this past year, the first place my brother and I went on move-in day clearly had to be Mickeys.He got a Triple Mickey (well deserved after the move in) and I got a gyro...and a Big Mickey. After stealing a bite of his burger (I was saving mine for later!) and chowing down on my gyro, I realized that memories hadn't failed me. Even if Mickey's isn't the best food in the world, to me the memories of its splendor as a child coupled with the revelation that it tastes JUST AS GOOD now is truly as good as it gets. Thank you for staying delicious all these years, Mickey's.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,9/26/2010,69,457,,8,3>This restaurant is located in the Shops on Butterfield at the Yorktown shopping center in Lombard.The story is cool- two retired men who were long-time friends and coworkers (with McDonalds) who dreamed of starting a perfect restaurant with delicious burgers- check out the website at tomandeddies.com for more of their story.We were fortunate enough to get to eat at Tom & Eddie's for lunch on their opening day. There was great energy and excitement. The staff were very friendly and helpful and seemed to care about the experience of everyone there. The line was out the door but there seemed to be enough tables inside and outside for everyone. You walk in, stand in line, and order and pay at a counter. I appreciated that you can see your order clearly on a screen so you can verify that it is correct. You get your own drinks, silverware and napkins and then find a table- they have booths and tables and chairs. They have a neat contraption where you put your number in, it registers where you are sitting, and then a button on it where you can request service if you need it. We had to wait a while for our meal but it was fine with us. They had Beatles music playing during our whole lunch which we enjoyed. Their specialty is burgers and they have some traditional and also unique ones, served on gourmet sesame seed, multi-grain or ciabatta rolls. You can also build your own burger from a long list of cheese, condiment and toppings- you are sure to have fun creating your own perfect burger with so many unique (but also traditional) choices. They also have turkey, ahi tuna, and even edamame burgers. They have three chicken sandwiches (I tried the chicken finger sandwich which was really tasty) and also hot dogs. Each sandwich comes with your choice of french fries (skinny), sweet potato fries, homemade potato chips (warm and yummy), haystack onions (we loved these- very seasoned and crisp), soup or a side salad. The price of the sandwich and side ranged from $8.49 to $9.99. They also had creative and delicious looking salads ($9.49 each, served with a breadstick) and soup. They have children's meals too for $4.99.Drinks are $1.99 each- serve your self. They have Coca Cola products but also more unique selections of root beer (awesome), black cherry, orange, and creme soda. They also sell wine and beer- local craft and also domestic- bottles, cans and draft which range in price. They have delicious milkshakes ($3.99) and what we particularly thought was cool is that they come with extra wide straws which make the shakes much easier to enjoy. They have build your own floats, icecream sandwiches and hot fudge sundaes and what look like delicious, fresh baked natural cookies. They use real dishes and silverware, nice thick napkins, and they come and take your dishes for you when you're done. We saw a lot of people taking home leftovers. There was a container in the breezeway that had Tom and Eddie's umbrellas which struck us as thoughtful. They seem to value attention to detail.Tom & Eddie's is a great addition to Lombard and a wonderful casual restaurant for quality food with a warm, friendly atmosphere. I look forward to sharing this restaurant with my friends and family.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,9/25/2010,61,216,2,2,2>Yanni's has been a favorite of mine for years.  The restaurant itself is always meticulously clean and airy.  If I didn't know better, I'd swear I was sitting in Paradise.  The food itself is very competent.  Every menu item I have tried has been excellent.  Recently, I chose the Grecian chicken which was delightful.  Four pieces of lightly seasoned chicken cooked perfect.  A few potato wedges and a vegetable medley rounded out the dish.  Excellent flavor all around.If I had to list one gripe, it would be the Saganaki.  The Saganaki itself is just fine, but they really should serve it with a warmed pita.  Other than that, it is pretty hard to complain about any aspect of the dining experience at Yanni's.  When I'm looking for a nice night out in a comfortable environment with great food, Yanni's is the place.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,9/24/2010,55,53,3,7,7>Prasino, PLEASE DECORATE MY APARTMENT!!  Where can I buy all that super mod stuff?! Some friends and I made our first trip there last night for dinner and were loving the atmosphere.  Instead of waiting for big round table for our group of 5 we lady-ed up one of the booths with the lover boys across the table in chairs.  A perfect fit!  And the wait on a busy Friday night wasn't bad at all, about 25 minutes for a large group.  There's a gorgeous Natura water jug on every table and it was an awesome idea, not to mention we all wanted to steal it along with everything else in that place.  They have a lot of stuff on sale in the store (even the salt and pepper shakers) but prepare to break your bank on table accessories.  Buy it or don't buy it, this place rocks.  We ordered some drinks - the guys were raving about the organic beers.  The cocktails looked awesome but they weren't as cool on taste.  The mimosa was lukewarm and the Rose Hipster was a little overwhelming going down.  The only thing we were passing around the table was the slice of pear floating in the pear daiquiri - so tender and juicy!  Great drink too.  The food was so much fun.  None of us could decide what to have to we shared 3 different plates and it was like our own mini buffet of awesomeness.  Great food - slightly pricey, but worth it.  I would say no matter what you order you'll be happy and feel good about what you're putting in your body.  We were.  I must say our favorite part was dessert though.  Candice wanted to order the whole dessert menu and we should have!!  We got the molten lava cake and it was gone in seconds *drool*  Best I've EVER had anywhere!!  Same with the Warm Banana Bread.  Both came with amazingly yummy ice cream.  When the waitress came back to take our plates she said "Are you guys sure you don't want to lick the plates?" and I think all of us were like "Wait! Maybe...."  The management and wait staff all went out of their way to make sure we were happy and having a good time.  We were making friends everywhere, Candice with the tattooed waitress, Rob with some of the staff he caught singing and dancing in the back kitchen, and even Sam with the valet!  They were great and made sure to see if we were coming back as we were leaving.  OF COURSE, Prasino, we loved you!!  My advice is to bring friends and try a bunch of yummy stuff.  Parking on a Friday and Saturday night is slightly hellish so look for street parking in front of the restaurant or in the residential area behind.  There's parking in the back too.  Just know that on either days, call and make a reservation and plan to look for parking.Note: I didn't get to check it out but they sell their own coffee as well so check it out and let me know!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,9/23/2010,82,43,3,8,8>The name says Just Kabobs, but there is so much more!  I've had the Chicken Kabob plate and the Chicken Kabob sandwich. YUM! They also have gyros, salads, various meat kabobs, hummus and an entire chicken if you're really hungry.The Kabob plate is the powergame - you get 2 Kabobs, 2 potato wedges, pita bread, rice and a salad - all for under $6!  The food is flavorful and not greasy.They also have a Drive-thru - you don't even need to get out of the car at 8:45 when you are too tried to go home and cook.  :) Seriously, go eat there right now, there are not enough places like this in the burbs (so it's totally your fault if they close. )
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,9/22/2010,44,97,2,8,3>I rarely ever go check out a new place unless I have someone with me for a second opinion. This time my girlfriend and my brother joined me for a weekday all you can eat food coma inducing night of sushi. I am usually weary of the all you can eat tag put on sushi for many different reasons but this was just about as good as it gets.The waitress was very friendly and we received a complimentary bowl of miso soup which is usually the deal and it was good. Then came the rolls. I like to start out with some of the raw ones and move onto the tempura and more spicy rolls later as to not mask some of the delicate flavors in the beginning of the meal. The usual fare of spicy tuna and Philadelphia were very good and not fishy at all. We then moved onto some more interesting ones like the crazy roll and the fire roll. Both were very good with the crazy roll being a definite order. After that the more notable rolls were the rock and roll and the tiger roll - both very good with the rock and roll being a nice light take on a regular roll.By far the most surprising roll was the K.G. roll. At first glance it seemed a bit odd with the tomatoes and a spicy tuna roll. My girlfriend ordered it and it was the shocker of the meal. A perfect balance between very spicy tuna with fresh tomatoes and cooling avocado. The best part of it was the fact that the garnish covered up the rolls completely. It was essentially a small feast in just one roll.A great place to go and try all you can eat sushi with a group of friends. A huge menu so there is no shortage of items for picky eaters. Take my word for it go and check this place out and order the K.G. roll - im not sure what it stands for and I don't care its just that good.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,9/21/2010,137,435,2,4,3>Newly Opened. Totally worth checking out. I am definitely a fan already. Cant give it 5 stars yet since I've only been there once, but we shall wait and see. :DHere's what I love:Decor. LOVE the decor. The interior is SO cute and awesome for this area. It's really hard to find a cafe that is this well done on the inside. VERY Cute. Great ambiance. They did a really nice job.Service: SUPER friendly. They are probably the nicest people I've ever encountered in a cafe like this.Selection: Their selection is vast and varied, from food to drinks to dessert. I have to come back and try this again for sure. I tried their signature drinks, which was the chocoberry, which was pretty good (did not get whip cream on top). I'd love to come back and try some of their other drinks too, since there are so many options.Definitely a great place to check out and chill. Plus they offer shaved ice desserts. Gotta try that the next time I go back. Wished I lived closer.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,9/20/2010,58,259,3,3,2>This place totally blew me and my friends away. Love the atmosphere, love the prices, love the food. Our waitress was very attentive (and we were there for a LONG time before our show at the comedy club). We enjoyed a huge plate of nachos for our appetizers. The salad I got was amazing (and I've had salads at places like this and they mess it up), and my boyfriend highly enjoyed his french dip. The place is pretty big and I loved how each area kind of had a different theme going on. We sat at a table close to the bar, and there was a section above us that looked on the trendier side, and then they have the famous table topper booths. I believe you have to reserve those quite quickly. I really hope this place stays in business, I know they are affiliated with Wildberry that is next door and Dunhills out in McHenry and they are both doing well, so keep your fingers crossed.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,9/18/2010,92,360,4,5,5>Any fusion place that sells sushi dipped in mozzarella cheese gets extra points from me. And that's the kind of place Fusion is.In terms of pure food quality, Orchid's food is a step below top notch. However, they deserve to be rewarded based on the presentation of the food, and the crazy combinations they serve, and serve well.We had two different rolls, as well as the shrimp shumai, served with the "House's Special Soy Sauce"; it was fantastic. I only wished the HSSS was served with other things.Service was excellent and attentive, even after I spilled candle wax everywhere. The interior of the restaurant is lovely and modern, with wood beams contrasting against stark white and black interior walls and floors. (They also managed to hide away the 1970s-era skylights, but keep the light.)Once again, we couldn't turn down the mochi, but this time I could have been fooled into thinking it was homemade. (It may even have been homemade. I'm not entirely sure.) It was served with pure chocolate syrup.Orchid is definitely a place to drop by. It's definitely a positive departure from the traditional sushi house.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,9/17/2010,6,91,2,2,2>We decided to walk down to Xni-pec for dinner last night.  We drive past it daily and decided to finally give it a shot.  We thought it was a Mexican restaurant that serves your standard Mexican food (tacos, fajitas, burritos) but it actually is a more of a regional Mexican restaurant that serves dishes from the Yucatan.  You won't find 3 taco dinner or steak fajitas on the menu.  But don't stray away, it's actually a good thing because we got to try some AMAZING dishes.  The menu is smaller, but we picked out the enchiladas placeras and panuchos y salbutes.  I was a bit nervous because I didn't know what to try, but I decided to just pick something random and give it a go.  I'm glad I tried the Panuchos y salbutes - they were delicious and a huge serving!  You got 4 tortillas and a cup of soup.  The tortilla was fried with shredded chicken on it and 2 had red cabbage and beans and the other 2 had red cabbage, tomatoes, and avocado.  It was so flavorful and I thought I would only be able to eat 2 but I ended up eating all 4 of them.  My husband got the enchiladas and he ate all of it up.  The dish came with a chicken leg and he said the flavor was amazing.  The enchiladas themselves were soft and cooked perfectly.  The flavor had a unique flavor - a balance of cheesey, salty, sweet - it's hard to explain, you'll just have to go and try it yourself.  It was so flavorful - by the end all that was left was a empty drumstick on his plate, LOL.  We're definitely going to go back because some of the other dishes on the menu caught my eye and I'm dying to try them.  Oh they also give you a basket of chips with salsa when you get there.  The salsa is extremely fresh and they give you a little dish of habanera sauce on the side which is extremely spicey - but in a good way.  The salsa was pretty spicy too, but we like spicy so it didn't bother us.  We went on a Thursday night and they were featuring dinner and a movie.  There was only 2 other tables there during our dinner so I think they need to spread the word more.  It seems like there are a lot of fans of this restaurant so hopefully they are going and spending money there and telling their friends.  I think the food is pretty good and would hate to see another place in Brookfield shut down.  The service is "okay".  Support your local establishments and give Xni-pec a try!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,9/16/2010,204,392,2,5,2>Gorgeous does not even come close to describing this perfect little spot. I was in town for a random "Time to Figure out Your Life" and thought about Chicago and the Western Suburbs....stories from friends and co-workers that the people are friendly and the land is beautiful.....Needless to say they were right, I stumbled across the Riverwalk and felt like I got lost in beauty. From all of the carefully and very detailed landscaping to the sculptures and the wooden bridges that cross over the river. Definitely a must stop if you are in the area and the weather is gorgeous. I heard that there is even an Art Fair in mid September that is supposed to be stellar so I'm uber excited to be in town for it!Thanks Naperville for keeping this hot spot so fresh and so clean clean!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,9/15/2010,283,456,7,4,4>ummmmmm...I'm not sure what else I have to say, except- Hello! Portillo's! Only the best hot dog/burger/beef sandwich place on Earth!Portillo's is my basis for comparison for every hot dog, burger, salad and beef sandwich I ever encounter. I can have any of the 4 anywhere else and somehow, I always compare it verbally, or sometimes to myself, to Portillo's.I actually got a salad from Wendy's a few weeks back and I can remember saying- for like a buck more, I could have had a really great frickin' salad from Portillo's, but nooooooo, someone was going to Wendy's from my office and I settled. I'll admit it-- No one can compare (except Gene and Jude's regarding the hot dogs) You can't find a better beef sandwhich- or better yet- a COMBO (Italian beef and sausage) anywhere- I DARE YOU!!Seriously- Chocolate Cake. Try it. You will never enjoy another piece of cake again in your life like you will enjoy cake from Portillo's. Now, I heard a rumor (which I have a tendency to spread) that they put mayo in the mix which is what keeps their cake some moist and delicious. I don't know if it's true or not, but hell, it could be liver juices in the cake, I don't care. It's the best!!If you haven't had a burger or cheeseburger from these guys, give it a shot. They are charbroiled- and not like burger king's "charbroiled"- they are REALLY charbroiled...they are crispy on the edges and not greasy. Get your burger with extra pickles if you are pickle fan. It just makes it better.Try the chopped salad if you haven't already. They just know what the heck they are doing- plain and simple.Service is always with a smile. While, they can't really call themselves "fast food" it's always worth the wait. They have a great ambiance and excellent food. You don't have to be dressed up to go out and have a gourmet meal- Portillo's doesn't judge!
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,9/14/2010,288,304,13,11,10>There was a time in my life when my summers were filled with picnics and rounds of mini golf at Pottawatomie Park. What are they filled with now? Grueling workouts. It so happens that my trainer lives within earshot of Pottawatomie Park. This place that I found so lovely and serene....that I once frollicked and skipped about...is now my own personal jungle gym...filled with blood, sweat and tears. Looking for a good work out? Go run those stairs up the hill, buddy. Oh, what? It's raining? Don't worry...there's a pavillion by the river...that's covered....with LOTS of stairs you can run! Wooopie! What's that you say? You need to concentrate on strength training? Don't worry my friend! There are plenty of trees and posts for you to wrap your resistance band around so that no part of your body will feel neglected during your work out! Seriously, the park is a really great place to work out...weather it be with your trainer, on your bike, by foot or....by paddle boat. The mini golf is great. Most mini golf courses are mega cheesy (but we love it anyhow) but not this one. It's nicely landscaped and there are some very challenging holes (that's what she said...sorry I'm immature and could not resist). Perfect place to spend an afternoon....bring a picnic or grab a bite downtown (a nice little stroll away). Not in a walking moood? Take a ride on the riverboat!A lovely park that's sure to provide you with a lovely afternoon.....unless you are meeting with my trainer. Blood, sweat and tears I say!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,9/13/2010,45,60,4,6,6>I love it here!!  This is one of those place, when you are hungry for some good bbq... and you just want to inhale the smell... the atmosphere... the food!! go here!!!It is always buzzling here... but I have never gotten to wait longer than 5 minutes to be seated.  The service is fast... and as many times as I've been here.. not once has my order been messed up nor do I have any complain about the service here at all.  In fact one time, there was a magician walking around entertaining people.  I can also vouch for the many nights of live band and music... the game nights.  All very entertaining...  the only thing is, it does get loud in here.  So If you dont like loud... then it may not be for you.  However the food is awesome and just makes it worthwhile.Now to the food... I love love love most on the stuff on the menu.  Yes, I've been here more than once... and have tried practically about everything on the menu by now.  My favorite, since I've been on a diet now, is their Chicken Ceasar Salad.  The grilled chicken that they add onto this salad is just delicious.  I always go here with my hubby and friends.  We have tried everything from the baby back ribs, to beef briskets, pulled pork, smoking wings, bbq chicken...steak and hamburger.  All sooooo good.  I dont even know where to start.  Lets say the bbq sauce is excellent.  You just have to go here and try it all... every thing is smoked and is just right.  I've never had any complaint about it being too dry or overly seasoned.  Everything is perfect to my taste.  I also want to mention, nothing is overly priced either.  The smoking wings is an appetizer.  It is about $7 for a very good portion.  A plate of Rib tips with 2 sides is around $9.  I do want to mention my "must have" sides... I always get the sweet potato fries... and my most favorite side of all the Green Mac... oh soo good.  I want to learn how to make this!!  Everything pretty much comes with the cornbread... which is just yummy.Should u go here... Absolutely!!  If your into bbq's.. then this is the place for you.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,9/12/2010,98,71,1,1,2>This Sunday my boyfriend and I stopped here, we had seen lines out the door before and I'm a huge Italian ice fan.  Ok, like the lines would lead you to believe...its awesome.  I had banana and red raspberry.  I like the banana the best, and my boyfriend got cantaloupe and watermelon.  The ice is the perfect consistency and the prices are not bad at all.  They offer some ice-cream here too...but it seems to me that the ice is the mainstay.   The italian ice is maybe like 2% too sweet to get a 5 star rating out of me...but I'm sure this is just preference. CASH ONLY! (there is an ATM the CVS across the street)The little shop was clean enough, looks beat up from the outside...and a bit on the inside but it has the right feel for a Italian Ice place that has been around 33 years.  I will be going back again to try some more flavors.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,9/11/2010,80,106,3,3,3>On a stretch of Berwyn where you wouldn't expect to find a gem!  Don't pass it by...We have a LOT of Thai places in Oak Park and Forest park so I wasn't expecting much and boy was I suprised.  Really nice manu with so many things I've not seen at our other favorite Thai places.  THIS is our new favorite Thai place.  We ate in once, buit order from them for delivery all the time.  Actually right now we have leftover Garlic Chicken and pork Pad Siew in the fridge that is MINE, all MINE.My favorite appetizer there is the fried crispy tofu, with the Crab Rangoon being a close second.  Both very reasonably prices and perfect.  If ordering for delivery, skip the tofu, it's only good fresh.  The Rangoon however is awesome, even delivered :)Prices are VERY competitive, we generally spend 15% LESS there than at our local spots.  Definitely our new favorite Thai place!!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,9/10/2010,32,103,8,10,6>Teeth, hair, and butt...they do it all!I am the proud pa of a very finicky Wheaten Terrier. I tried The Yuppie Puppy thanks to the positive reviews on Yelp (thank you very much) and waited till I had taken him for a few snips before posting my thoughts: I will not take my dog, Beemer, to any other groomer (as long as The Yuppie Puppy is around).My experiences mirror 99% off my fellow Yelpers, with the exception of Karen B's bummer of an experience. Please seriously consider giving 'em another shot.Here's what to expect:-trained groomers (not flunkies from cosmetology school)-"dog people" who understand breeds and the grooming style associated to them-reasonable prices for excellent services (wash, clip, teeth, and butt squeeze for around $65 + tip)-accommodating hours, easy parking, and drop off / pick up.Here's what not to expect: - you won't get a walk in appointment. Give 'em a week (more like two, in the summer) to book your pup.- no lame, gimicky "services" like massages, organic skin rejuvenation treatments (don't laugh, people...you know it's out there).- no bullshit. If you're clear about how you want your dog groomed (or not groomed), you'll get exactly that.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,9/9/2010,24,22,7,10,7>"No longer walking but sprinting to my favorite ring of hell . . . gluttony."      1st an Update:  So you go to a place enough you begin to recognize the folks and they recognize you.  Well the guy who owns the place is named Harry and he is consistently hands on with his customers and the food itself.  (Big points in my book.)       Since I have been going there religiously Harry introduced himself to me and we have gotten into a few conversations of all things wonderful - a.k.a. fresh quality ingredients, local small business support, perfection in doing the small things right, etc.  I am even more impressed now than I was before.  Go and you will see this ourself.  I will let the service speak for itself - as to the food I cannot stop singing praises and need to tell you about these particualr gems:       The Gyros - I mentioned them last time but I have gone  back and tried them again.  The meat is overly geenrous (certanily not a complaint) - the vegetabels once again are fresh an unwilted from layign out cut.  The tatziki is flavorful and very complimentary to the gyros meat as well as the warm pita.       The Philly Cheesesteak -  I popped my cherry on this one.  A regional sandwich  which has the reputation of beign done a million different wrong ways and coming out with a terrible result I have always avoided wherever I went that advertised it.  I asked fro harry's reccomendation and since I have kept updated on the Yelps I have seen others speak abotu the sandwich I thought I would give it the 1st shot.  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh man!  I cannot get the flovr of this thing out of my mouth - the crisp green peppers, the delicious moist meat, the crisp onions, the cheese, and the sauce coming from each of the parts . . . oh man!  I am in love - I can't stop thinking about this sandwich.         The 'Harry Explosion' -  Imagine a bacon wrapped polish with a small amount of shredded cheddar cheese (none of that liquid stuff) freshly grilled onions, a locally made barbeque sauce (more points for supporting local small businesses), and jalapenos over the top onm a buttered french roll . . . did I mentioned that the polish is a foot long and and it is deep fried to delicious perfection!  Oh man - this thing was amazing!   Now this is not for the faint of heart - but for those willing to belly up to this beauty it does not have 'fatty' taste to it (not knocking wonderful fat).  It is amazing - I was full after abotu half of this thing but could nto stop eating it for pete's sake and for the life of me I could find absolutley no way to improve it!           Next Up:  The Greek Salad - it looks delicious and I am not even a salad guy!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,9/7/2010,78,342,1,4,2>Yum! I have passed this place 100 times and never would have thought to try it because of how it looks on the outside. When someone clued me in to the fact that they have super authentic Chinese food, and I read some Yelp reviews I had to try it.  We ordered a few things so we could try a variety: won ton soup, eggrolls, homemade spicy sour noodles, crispy duck and a chef special - stir fry beef with cilantro. The service wasn't the best, but I didn't really care - the food was great and if I asked for something, I got it. They did give you a pot of hot tea, which i thoroughly enjoyed. Now for the food - I am an eggroll snob and I usually judge a Chinese restaurant by their eggrolls. These ones weren't great and I wouldn't order them again. But the noodles more than made up for the mediocre eggrolls. They were perfect in every way and I could eat pounds of those noodles and die happy. The soup, which was my husband's favorite was okay to me, but I am not a huge soup person. The duck was great and so was the beef with cilantro but the beef was super spicy. I love spicy food, so when I saw the chili indicator on the menu, I wasn't worried. But this was mouth-on-fire spicy, and I wished that my waiter would have told me that so I could have asked them to put less hot red chilies in it. My only other gripe was that they had a few authentic Chinese desserts on the menu that I was excited to try, but when I asked I was told that they didn't have dessert at this location. There were tons of things I saw on the menu that I want to go back and try including the dim sum, so I will be back.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,9/6/2010,269,638,2,8,5>Anyone who enjoys beers from around the world will marvel at the extensive beer selection that this place offers. They also have many brews from here in the States as well. I personally think, that anyone who come in here and orders a Miller Light should be shot on sight. We came here for a family get-together. Since it was raining that day, we were not able to sit outside on their double-decker patio/beer garden (I will have to come back for that alone- nothing makes for better drinking than a comfy outdoor atmosphere.) But they were able to accommodate our party of ten indoors, without a problem. Our server was great, always there with refills, and asking if we needed anything else. As for the aforementioned beer selection, I was a bit overwhelmed. I ended up choosing a Strawberry organic pale ale. It was great, but at $10 a bottle, definitely a sipping brew. The food was pretty decent as well. We started out with some basic nachos for the appetizers. Huge portion, but nothing spectacular. For my main course, I had the Reuben sandwich. Very delicious. And the potato salad I had as my side choice was really good, creamy and made with red potatoes. We also shared some deserts around the table. Also not very memorable. Parking out front of the place may be a little tricky, but if you go around the block, there is a public municipal parking lot about half a block from the place.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,9/5/2010,73,173,2,3,3>I took my parents here during octoberfest and they loved it. We went on a sunday night since that's the only weekend dinner reservation we could get. It was crowded but we were quite happy to see we got a booth instead of sitting at one of the long galley tables. There was a band there that night and they did plenty of silly songs to get people to sing along. My dad had two giant liters of german beer and was very happy. My parents had spent a few years living in germany while my dad was in the army so they really enjoyed the food and atmnosphere. The plates weren't as large as we'd anticipated but they were more than enough for me. I got pulled into a drinking contest where they had 12 people up front drinking HB beer out of baby bottles. It's definitely festive there.Overall a great time was had by all :)
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,9/4/2010,213,305,8,8,6>Okay, full disclosure: I originally went inside this place to make fun of it.  I haven't had much luck with boutiques, generally finding them to be filled with ridiculous clothing for super-high prices.  I had planned on browsing around Bella Caley for ten minutes, occasionally picking up an embroidered camisole the size of a tea cosy and rolling my eyes at my boyfriend.  "Can you BELIEVE they want $300 for THIS?" I would hiss.  "I hate Naperville."  Then I would leave in a cloud of blithe self-righteousness.  Oh yes.  No snotty boutique can pull the wool over THIS thrifty girl's eyes, no siree!Except...when I walked in, I was astonished to find that I actually LIKED the place.  I would actually wear a lot of these clothes.  I agree with Juliana E.'s review when she said the clothes were "flouncy" - there are a lot of bows and ruffles.  I mean, not obnoxious-style, but the merchandise is definitely very "feminine" looking.  Lots of sweet dresses, skirts, cardigans, and jackets...probably not everyday wear for me, but these are definitely things I would choose if I wanted to get more dolled up!What shocked me the most was how affordable things were - most (if not all) the items I picked up were under $100!  I even saw a dress as low as $30.  In boutique land, that is crazy talk.I left empty-handed (since I hadn't planned on buying anything) and perhaps a little bit humbler.  Bella Caley taught me an important life lesson that day: never judge a boutique by its cover.  Now that I'm no longer a boutique bigot, I can confidently say that I'll be back to do more shopping!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,9/3/2010,29,301,4,7,4>While this is not my most favorite Greek restaurant for somewhat silly reasons, their food is very very good and on our last trip we had excellent service. I had only been to this location once or twice, and it had been a long time. We went here for Mother's Day and I was quite impressed with our service on such a busy day. We arrived a few minutes late for our reservation and were told our table wasn't quite ready. We waited a bit to be seated, but not to bad considering it was a 'holiday' and they were jam packed with people. Our server was very polite (I would have been so crabby on a day like today if I worked there!) and our drinks arrived pretty quickly. I'm sure it took a little longer than it usually would to get our food - but not unreasonably long considering. I have three young nieces who were there with us. My sister had ordered one steak for the three of them to split. I had really expected the waiter to bring the steak and two extra plates, but when he brought it, he offered to cut it up. I thought this was nice and figured he'd divide it in three and then serve them. A minute later I looked up to see that not only had he cut it into three, but was cutting it up into pieces for them. I felt like this was such an example of great service - that they were so busy and he took the time to do this. The food was all hot and fresh and very good. My husband ordered something that he assumed would come with the Greek peas - it turned out that it did not and when he asked for some they were there within minutes. I had the Maila Angelou pasta - very tasty and highly recommended. Unfortunately we skipped dessert, but next time I'll give it a try for sure.They also provided complimentary valet parking - though I don't know for sure if this is a standard thing or just on days they expect to be so busy.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,9/2/2010,30,52,4,8,6>GREAT Greek food!  My parents and I went this weekend on our way home from golfing in Glen Ellyn.  We sat outside on the lovely terrace (for lack of a better word).  Their outside seating was clean and surrounded by flowers.  They had tablecloths on the tables and had service people devoted to strictly outside, judging from how attentive they were.  The service was ok - my only complaint was that she took about 13 hours to get the check at the end of our meal, but she did keep our water glasses full and checked back a few times while we were eating.  There was a large group of Greek gentlemen (who were very loud) that were sitting close to us, and I think she got a little distracted with their ouzo requests.The food was OUTSTANDING.  The menu was large but not overwhelming.  They did offer a family style meal, where they brought a choice between some of their basics, but they had such great choices we all ordered our own thing.My family ordered saganaki (flaming cheese) to share as an appetizer, which had a great flavor and was sizzling, as it should be, on the platter it was served on.  I had a classic greek salad, which I had option of topping with a protein (tuna, gyro meat, and chicken, I think) - I elected for the gyro meat option and it came with a LOT of meat.  The salad had a house-made vinegarette on it and a substantial amount of feta cheese, cucumbers, banana peppers, and red onions.  My mom ordered the gyro plate, which looked excellent but came with a very limited amount of pita.  She had a lot of gyro meat on her plate as well and ended up taking some of it home.  The tzatziki was AWESOME.  My dad had a pasta dish, which he let me try, and it had a great flavor.  The pasta was a tad overcooked, but the meat almost had a sweet cinnamon-y flavor to it. In all, I believe the bill was around $40 for the three of us, which I believe is pretty reasonable for the amount of food we had.  It's definitely a repeat!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,9/1/2010,72,33,2,3,3>I am a frequent breakfaster at Blue Max.  Nothing on the breakfast menu will knock your socks off with inventiveness, but the quality ingredients can't be missed.  Every time I cut into one of their eggs and the deliciously golden orange hue seeps out onto my plate (I'm a sunny side up kinda girl) I say happiness is an orange (not yellow) egg yolk, and not a warm gun.  Well...er...anyway back to the food.  Blue Max's eggs are organic, free range heaven.  I too love that the roasted potatoes have a couple sweet potatoes thrown in, and there are a plethora of brightly colored, just-cooked-enough veggies in most dishes.  It's like my mother is making me breakfast and looking out for my health, plus it's really yummy!  The fruit bowl has always been fantastic; perfectly ripe apples, bananas, strawberries, cantaloupe, honeydew, and pineapple.  Brownie cookies!  You'll be addicted!  Their scones also make me really happy, the raspberry ones especially.  So many places make flavorful yet leaden scones, whereas Blue Max seems to consistently make flaky, light, perfect scones.  The orange juice is freshly squeezed (you can taste it and I've seen them squeezing the oranges on multiple visits), and the drinks in general are good.  I am pregnant now and have somehow lost all taste for coffee (I'd never have imagined such a thing could happen!), but it certainly smells good and they give you giant mugs of it.  I did try it perhaps a year ago and personally found it slightly bitter for my taste, but they have several roasts and options to accomodate seemingly everyone.  The space is cramped for sure, but I'll happily wait for a seat in this homey spot.  Also, the owner is always very nice, which makes me want to continue supporting the place even more.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,8/31/2010,176,176,5,8,6>To the TGI Friday's, Chili's, and Applebee's on the same block: Your competition just moved in and they're doing a great job.Most recently I went to Anyway's on a Thursday around 6:30 PM and found a packed parking lot. Gotta be doing something right if you can pack 'em in on a weeknight.Though I don't drink too very often, the $4 Martini specials Thursday night were enticing enough for me to try before eating dinner. My drink was not too heavy on the alcohol, which is what I prefer. The Tequila Lime Chicken I ordered was quite moist and tender, served over cilantro lime rice and black beans. The beans were excellent! So good that I asked my server what they added to the black beans to make them taste so good. (Made with chicken broth and cumin.)Of course, I had to have dessert since cinnamon ice cream was on the menu... one of my all-time favorite flavors! Two moderate scoops with a drizzle of caramel, whipped cream and a cherry on top were the perfect size for after dinner, unlike the monster desserts that you usually get and can rarely finish.I did have the apple crisp another time, which (if I remember right) was heavy on the apples, not enough "crisp" topping, could use more ice cream, and quite messy on the caramel sauce. It was okay, but I probably won't order that dessert again.All in all, Anyway's is a great option to the other chain restaurants on the block. Nice decor, decent lounge / bar area with flat screens TV's all around, separate dining area that's not as loud as the lounge, friendly service, and pretty good food.And seriously, you had me at "cinnamon ice cream".
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,8/30/2010,160,193,2,4,3>I LOVE SUSHI!! And it's SO hard to find non-chain, good sushi in the burbs. My boyfriend and I visit this place at least once a month and we adore it.  Our favorite waiter, Eddie, is totally bomb and we love him.  There is an array of appetizers to chose from.  We usually get the ahi tuna and the beef roll but we've had many of the others and have yet to find one we don't like.I always get the Urban Heat roll and two sushi pieces of Salmon.  The Urban Heat roll is excellent!! My boyfriend always gets their soft shell crab (which he won't order anywhere else around here because it's not as fresh).  Our last visit we had two pieces of the Toro which melts in your mouth and was very fresh and not as expensive as we thought it would be.  I also had the Wasabi Tobiko which was yum :)The environment is date like but also nice for cocktails and sushi with your friends. The booths are comfortable and private.  ALSO, one of the best part are the drink and food specials that they offer daily.  There are a great deals each day.  I love martini night :) Definitely try the ginger infused one.. but be careful they go down very easy!! The Japanese beers are all very delish as well as their sake by the bottle.I highly recommend this to anyone!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,8/29/2010,120,162,12,7,8>My stomach is fully satisfied now that I've found my Mexican safe haven within 5 miles from my house. A lot of my reviews are full of arguments that are so easily agreeable they're pretty much useless. Like, this pizza tasted so much better than that plastic cup I ate for breakfast. Or, the staff at the theatre made the Nazis seem like pure evil. Now reeling this back to legitimate Yelp review talk, it would be VERY easy for me to say Chicks n Salsa rolls its eyes at Chipotle, but it's something I must state considering their proximity to one another. Chipotle is just across Roosevelt, and I don't care that they are both in the 7th Heavenish town of Glen Ellyn, there is NOTHING worth tasting on that side of the street. Here are some useful facts. I ordered 3 vegetable tacos, a side of guac, and an iced tea for ten dollars. I wish it had been cheaper, but I also wish my hair didn't give off the idea that I'd just escaped from an African tribe. Guess I'll have to deal with this. The cashier is a cute lady with two braids. She might keep these braids every day as a job requirement. Who knows? I just know it was appealing. The restaurant is as clean as whistle. I felt so bad at the end of my meal that I'd made a mess. I cleaned it up myself. I hate feeling guilty. I can understand how it might be difficult to retrieve your order when your name is called. Lucky for us, it wasn't crowded, but on a busy night, they'll need to raise their voices. Vegetarians will be well fed! Bring your pale, brittle body here and eat with me!Overall, this is my favorite Mexican place around!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,8/28/2010,4,5,3,7,5>Picture it: 15 min. till an apt. & I'm starving... I hop into Antico Posto, sit at the bar & am immediately greeted by the lovely Stephani.She's polite & quick (sensing time as my enemy, not in a "gotta-rush-your-butt-outta-my-bar" kinda way).  She asked if I wanted anything special on the telly & was able to recommend some deliciousness. Right away, I was served water, my vino (a spectacular Malbec of which I could have enjoyed the bottle if I only had the time) & some fresh, warm bread w/ oil, cheese, etc.  Nice way to start off the evening...The rest is simple: food was great, service enjoyable, prices reasonable.  Done and done...
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,8/27/2010,9,22,3,5,5>Went last night for my hubby's birthday....and man o man what a fabulous dinner. For our appetizer we ordered the nichols farm yukon gold potato gnocchi with chanterelle mushrooms, olives, tomatoes, and prairie fruits farm feta. It had such an amazing flavor that we were wanting to lick the plate clean it was so fabulous. Then we ordered the summer beans salad with wood-grilled onions, fresh apricots, honey and almond vinaigrette, and prairie fruits farm pecorino. YUMMO!!! Beans were so fresh and delicious. My dinner entree was the gunthorp farm chicken two ways: country fried breast and crispy scrapple with grilled melrose pepper, summer beans, and cream corn and my husband had the pan-roasted summer fluke with crispy potato cake, roasted green acres juliet tomatoes, chanterelle and oyster mushrooms. YOWSA....the pairing of all the fresh veggies with the main course was so fantastic and the flavors were absolutely wonderful.  We also loved that many of their items come from local farms.We went on free corkage night. So we took a nice bottle of wine from our wine fridge. I had made our reservation ahead of time and was so impressed that they remembered it was my hubby's bday. I didn't even think to remind them. They brought out a mini cupcake with chocolate goodness and he loved it....said it was the perfect amount of dessert. I had the marshmallow cocoa ice cream.....so creamy and made to perfection. The ambiance was so crisp. Just a clean and modern feel to the whole place. This is not a wear jeans to place. All the men in here were wearing at the least some khaki's. All the women were in cutesie dresses. The whole restaurant had such a sophisticated feel to it. The bar area is so cozy and chic. This will definitely be a repeat for us! I would tell anyone "GO" and see for yourself how spectactular your meal and experience will be!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2009,8/26/2010,43,121,3,6,3>Kinta Sushi is a great, relatively hidden gem in Carol Stream. They have fresh and innovative sushi rolls, good service and a very relaxed feel to their establishment.I ordered their Sushi and Sashimi Platter which was good but not as filling as I'd thought it'd be (a Naperville competitor spoiled me). The King Kong Roll is a must-have if you visit Kinta. It's a fried concoction of tempura, spicy tuna, spicy mayo and more.The restaurant doesn't have the sprawling meadows openness of most suburban sushi places but a city dweller wouldn't blink twice at the size of Kinta. It's not small; it's comfortable. There are a handful of booths along one wall, a handful of tables along the opposite wall and a sushi bar parallel to the exterior wall. Unless you're inviting all of Carol Stream to perform a census, I think they'll be able to meet your needs.If you're looking to unwind in a relaxed restaurant with good sushi at very reasonable prices, Kinta is your place.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,8/24/2010,4739,1870,19,22,22>If it's good enough for Tony Kukoc (and Bill Wennington), it's certainly good enough for this little lover of all things Balkan.  Plus, it's a great excuse for me to do my impressive Tony Kukoc impression. Now, you may have already heard of this quaint little grill and deli located just a brisk walk from downtown Naperville since it's pretty much famous on yelp. This teeny tiny little joint has the highest yelper rating of any restaurant in Naperville; it's practically the Hot Doug's of the burbs and I fear that what I'm about to tell you is going to make it not only a contender for the quality of food, but also for the infamous line.Now, before I get too far into this, I should probably give you a little Croatian:101 so you'll have some phrases handy on your visit... because you are SO going to want to visit. Good Day- Dobar dan! (Doe-Bar Don) Please - Molim (Moe-Leem)Thank You - Hvala (Fvah-Lah)Croatia - Hrvatska (Hur-Vot-Skah)Heaven - Cevapi (Cha-Vop- Eee) ... okay, that's not really how you say heaven but it might as well be. Cevapi (also known as cevapcici, depending on region) is a Balkan dish of grilled minced meat. Now say it with me, People. 'Cause it's Cevapi Time in Naperville!Chef Vedad Vrselj is a master of his craft and from the second I walked in and saw Cevapi on the menu, I knew we'd be fast friends. Now, I'm not Croatian and I don't even eat meat but I know when it's time to bow down to the meaty Gods and show some mutha lovin' respect. I made sure to order up 2 orders of the cevapi meal for both my Daddio and my Boyfriend, of whom I vacationed in Croatia with last Summer. While Chef made up my cevapi orders he also grilled me up a veggie salad of epic proportions and fed me innumerable amounts of his favorite non-meaty items while we discussed the good life in Croatia and which islands are best to vacation on, I think we both agreed upon Split, birthplace of NBA great, Tony Kukoc. See how I brought that full circle, folks? Now, I'm pretty sure the faves of the locale are the fresh burgers, the steak sandwich (3 people ordered multiples of them in a span of 5 minutes), and the grilled salmon. I'm sure you'll love and enjoy all of those things but my specific reco is for the cevapi. My Dad, who is not familiar with Croatian eats, came to me the next day to ask what it was he ate and where he could get more because it had been on his mind all day. Also delicious was Chef's vegetarian tomato basil soup of the day. So good that I actually came back the next day to get another quart of it... and of course some more cevapi for my fave men. Oh, and don't forget to get yourself some of Chef's homemade blue cheese dressing (good on EVERYTHING really- it's his pride and joy) and defo don't forget the gelato. I bought a pint of Chef's favorite, the chocolate hazelnut (basically tastes like creamy Nutella goodness) yesterday and a quart of it today, though the blood orange and coconut flavors (with fresh coconut mixed in) were swoon worthy as well. Now, the place is very small. You're basically walking into the kitchen and ordering and the seating is very limited... like 4 people max in the entire place BUT, in the nicer weathered months, they have a gorgeous picnic area with lots of large tables, flowers, and nature to sit out and enjoy your goodies. One other interesting tidbit about Chef's Corner is that Chef gets his veggies from local, organic farmers and in the Summer he uses tomatoes fresh from his own home garden. Upon leaving on my first visit, I made sure to text the good word to all my Croatian hunny bunnies. Soon after I got multiple responses begging me to come back with them to this magical eatery. To that I replied, "Come back? I'm never going to leave." Now I just need to figure out how to get my mail forwarded here.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,8/23/2010,174,261,1,10,7>So I will share with you my personal tour of the OP area, beginning with the Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio, which is probably the main reason you came here.  Definitely check out the house, a tree grows through it and you find out his son invented Lincoln logs, how cool is that?  If you do the walking tour with the cassette you will probably learn all sorts of things I don't know, but if you walk around or ride a bike around at night you can see inside all the cool big houses in the neighborhood that leave their lights on and forget to close their blinds.  ;-)Read a book about Frank before your visit and find out about his poor business practices, not paying his workers etc., makes things a little juicier.  Also note that there's a Robie house nearby, Hemingway's childhood home, a bunch of Gunderson's etc.Ok, now you'll need a car or at least a bike for the next part.  If you head west on Oak Park Ave. you can rent a bike at Oak Park Cyclery.Go west until you go under some railroad tracks, and immediately turn left into the alley that runs parallel to the tracks.  It's like a rugged mountain road, cool eh?  (I know there's a sign that says no thru traffic, but just ignore, it does go through.)Take a right if you make it out of the alley.  Take Oak St. west until you hit Thatcher woods, stop at Trailside if you're into that kind of thing (not part of this tour) and head south to Lake St. on Edgewood Pl., take a right, and another right onto Auvergne Pl..  Snazzy big houses, maybe a few more Wrights back here even.  Don't go any further west though, Maywood is right on the other side of the woods.Turn around and head east on Lake St., take a right under the tracks on Lathrop, and a left onto Hawthorne, heading east now, parallel to the el tracks.  Turn right into the alley after you pass Ashland.  Check out the three story garage with a glass wall that mirrors the back of the house.  Now go around to the front to see a normal looking Cape Cod, the address is 382 Ashland, River Forest.  Crazy!  I just realized you can see it on the Google map thingy.  Never mind the sign that says "no stopping", I think that's meant for me.I would direct you to go around the block at this point to see the mini Statue of Liberty on Lathrop, but it seems someone stole it.  Jerk.Anyhoo, turn around, head back north on Ashland, under the tracks up to the intersection of Iowa and Ashland and dig the lawn on the northwest corner.  906 Ashland River Forest.  It's golf turf.  One time I was standing out front pondering the lawn when the neighbor's kid peddled out to me on his big wheel.  He asked if I was looking at the lawn.  He told me people come over and shampoo the lawn.  Wow.  I went trick or treating there once thinking they'd probably have really good candy, but they didn't.Continue north on Ashland, take a right on Greenfield.  Head east back into Oak Park, cross Harlem, cross Oak Park Ave. until you hit Fair Oaks.  Southeast corner.  It's a house shaped like a spaceship.  It's the kind of mansion Luke Skywalker would eventually build on Tatooine.  Serious.  My friend said a classmate of his lived here and they took a school field trip to see the inside and the beds are built into the walls.  Cool.If you head back south on Fair Oaks I think you see some more mansions, maybe Cheney?  Pass the high school, and you can stop for yummy eats at Tasty Dog.  Or head back to Forest Park to Goldyburgers to get your drink on and a delicious burger.There used to be faces in the cement walls of the el train tracks, but I think they've been stolen so the tour ends here.  I know, it's hard to believe all the attention is on FLW when there's so much more to see!
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,8/22/2010,287,787,5,8,6>I've dined at La Magdalena many, many times over the past years. My husband introduced me to this place several years ago as it's one of his favorites. I think it's partly for nostalgia as its been around so long--he can remember visiting the place with his folks as far back as when he was in junior high. The food is solid and I've never had a bad entree here. It's your basic Mexican restaurant. I've had tacos, enchiladas and the fajitas here on different occasions and it's been very good. Fresh ingredients and great sauces/guacomole. Each table receives a basket of crunchy tortilla chips and very tasty salsa. The salsa has a nice kick to it--to me it has good spicy heat--but if you find it too hot for your liking, you can ask for the milder sauce. Each entree comes with a cup of chicken soup--it's a bit salty for my taste so I usually take a pass on it. Their service is wonderful. Always professional and friendly. Recently, I reserved a section of the restaurant for my husband's surprise birthday dinner party and could not have asked for better service. I visited the restaurant twice before the party to ensure that all was in order. The manager wasn't there when I made my second visit, but the woman I met with knew exactly where my party was going to be and assured me that the servers would be ready for guests to start ordering drinks while they waited for the guest of honor to arrive. They also allowed us to bring in a cake from a bakery for the celebration without any hassle of a "service fee" that some larger establishments might require. This is where the Fernandez Foods restaurants started--La Hacienda and other La Magdalenas are now established in a few other suburbs. This location is smaller than it's sisters, it's kind of quaint, not very flashy but definitely an Addison staple.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,8/21/2010,72,523,,11,3>Villa Verone, Geneva IL - March 19 Rating - 9.87After a big party here in the jazz club two weeks ago we had dinner this time....and then walked up to the jazz bar. Arrived 1/2 hour late after cocktails at our house with the neighbors, at least we called to let them know we were late, but they were great and happy to see us when we all arrived. We had 8 in our party and sat at a table up front and were served by the BEST waiter - John.He was quick with bottles of wine (and many beers - for me) and made excellent recommendations for apps and dinner. The atmosphere and decor in the restaurant are made for fun, and its easy to talk and be heard, groups or small parties fit in well. I like it because you never feel rushed and have to ask for the check.We had the calamari (fantastic) among other apps, and then I had the special gnocchi mozzarella for dinner - it was OUTSTANDING (and Lent friendly). Everyone was happy with their meals and most took some home there was so much.Finished with a tasty canoli.....then we made the walk upstairs.Band was AWESOME, they could play almost anything - and would for a tip - and the dance floor was always crowded. The bartender upstairs is GREAT, fast and friendly. It was pretty crowded, but we got a spot at the bar. And for me to dance....I have to have several beers and a good band...and I spent a bunch of time on the dance floor.This is a GREAT spot to have dinner and then a drink upstairs after!FUN, FUN, FUN.No receipt really, it is hand written. Tons of wine, beer, apps, entrees and desert....Dinner Total - $115.00 per coupleBar Total - $42.00 *** very reasonable2 Red wine 14.004 Miller Lite 12.001 Lady Godiva 9.00 (chocolate martini)1 kettle one 7.00
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,8/20/2010,18,43,2,7,3>My first visit was in 1992.  I have returned many times, even though I have never lived anywhere near here--how's that for an endorsement?I almost always get the same thing--a large uttapam.   (If you don't know what this is, you'll have to look it up online for a photo--and you won't find a photo that does Chowpatti's U justice.)  I recommend it to anyone who accompanies me there.I've had other items including their non-Indian fare. They put a tasty Indian spin on nachos.   I've never had anything I didn't like (desserts are pretty standard fare, though).  The menu is a lot to digest for first-timers.Two sisters took this over when their father died, now I think it's down to one daughter running the place.  So far, so good.  The uttapam is a good value for what it is, but the tab does add up with little extras, and if you get fresh juice or a smoothie it really increases.  BUT I've never left there feeling like I didn't get what I paid for.This is really one of my favorite places to eat in the entire Chicago area, and one of the few to rival Chicago Diner with vegetarian selection, so I hope they never close.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,8/19/2010,143,203,4,12,10>'Heaven....I'm in heaven.And my heart beats so that I can't hardly speak.'I have been to Muse twice.  The first time I wanted everything and could buy nothing.  Today I wanted everything and treated myself to something.  I purchased an open gray super soft slub cardigan sweater for $40.Everything in here is JUST MY STYLE.  Simple.  Clean.  Classy.  Yet each piece is different and unique.  The ladies here do an absolutely amazing job selecting the merchandise. (I cannot wait to see the fall product in August!)Prices range from affordable ($20 cami) to higher ($179 dress).  The space is beautiful, and the service is exceptional.  The gal working today was full of knowledge.  She honestly wanted to talk to me!  Our conversation didn't feel forced at all.  Turns out we both used to work for the same retail company! (Small world.)Muse carries jewelry lines that I drooled over.  Each piece hand crafted by a carefully chosen designer.  Great gifts or self indulgences! They have the best denim selection I have seen anywhere in a LONG time. I will definitely be back in a few weeks to find the perfect pair of jeans for the fall.IF I can stay away that long...
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,8/18/2010,18,32,4,7,6>In my neighborhood, it would seem that Italian delis are a dime a dozen...but then you go to Alpine and see that not all Italian delis are created equal.The menu here is short and to the point -- they make sandwiches and a few different types of either pasta or olive salads.  But stop: these aren't your typical subs.  The Bonaccorsi family should receive a Nobel prize for Alpine's meats and cheeses.  Fresh, flavorful, and quite simply, far superior to any other deli I've ever been too.  Coupled with Gonnella bread, their signature "Alpine" sandwich (made with ham, salami, capicollo & provolone) is so good I'm sure it's been requested among some for their final meal.  It may very well be mine.It's a small shop  with shelves stocked full of lots of imported Italian delicacies.  Small area of seating, though the vast majority of their business is locals coming in to pick up a few sandwiches and perhaps a pastry or two.  Although it's almost always packed, these guys have it down to a science -- you won't wait long.  Besides, even if you did, a) it'll give you a minute or two to peruse the shelves of imports, and b) it's one of those few places where any wait is worth it.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,8/17/2010,16,62,3,4,4>I went in for game 3 of the Blackhawks finals on a Wed. night.  I hadn't been in the place for ages and they have changed a bit.  First off the beer list is great but it is very heavy on American and Canadian beer.  This isn't Palmers where if you throw a dart on a map they'll have a beer from whatever country you hit.  It is a very strong draft list (32 or so) and the bottle list is extensive as well.  I enjoyed a few Oberons while watching the game.  They do have a kitchen now and the first thing on the menu is a maple bacon donut!  Need I say more?  Have one of those after a few cold ones and it's like you've died and gone to heaven.  The service was pretty good- Jackie and Bruce were able to keep everyone happy and not waiting.  I ordered the salami pesto panini and loaded fries to bring home.  The fries were very good and I definitely couldn't finish them.  The sandwich was fine, but nothing to really write home about.  Good basic food which is what I was looking for.  The bathrooms definitely need work as well as the booths.  But I will be back for Wed. Warrior- where I can get a free t-shirt, and I'll have to go on  a Monday for FREE BACON!!!.  I don't go to deal with the after hours crowd.  It's open late but that part of my life is long gone.  Just give me a good beer in a pleasant place and I'm happy.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,8/16/2010,273,603,7,12,10>Woo Hoo! I LOVE JAROSCH BAKERY! (I'm thinking about having this tattooed on me somewhere...) My Grandparents lived in Itasca for years and I remember growing up, sitting at their kitchen table, nibbling on the Swedish flop. Everytime someone came by to visit, they seemed to bring something yummy from Jarosch. Ahhh, those were the days. Fast forward to my wedding day, some twenty years later...Jarosch made and delivered my beautiful cake. It was simple and exactly what I asked for. Delicious and perfect. I also surprised my husband with a groom's cake. A stunning Notre Dame themed cake! He was thrilled...we still can't decide whether it tasted better than it looked or looked better than it tasted. It was awesome! Now, over two years later we still visit on a regular basis. The occasional 8" round buttercream cake, melt in your mouth brownies and perfectly crumbly butter cookies round out my favorite treats. My sister and her boyfriend really like the apple strudel best. Important Jarosch Tip: If you want brownies without nuts, be sure to call the day before. They are a special order item. I love the brownies just the way that they make them, but we have a friend that we surprise sometimes with the world's best brownies and need to call ahead and order them without nuts!
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,8/15/2010,26,135,3,11,5>I have been going to the zoo my whole life and love it. If you plan on going more then once a year the membership is worth the cost for the discount and the friend passes. It can get costly to go on an individual basis but here are some ideas to slow the free flow of cash from your pocket. Bring a wagon if going with children, it will hold all of you stuff and an occasional small child. Bring your own drinks and snacks in a cooler. Brookfield Zoo unlike most places that say you can bring your own food actually make it easy. There are tables all over the zoo for your family to use. When I take kids with me I bring drinks, chips and snacks this way they get to buy their "lunch" by getting a sandwich or burger and it's a happy medium. Take the metra instead of parking if you can the BNSF is the train line you want and it's the Hollywood stop NOT the Brookfield stop. The zoo does have souvenirs for a $1 if you buy the plastic mold things instead of t-shirts and other things like that. All and all I love the zoo, and I think a membership is always a great baby shower or other gift.I didn't talk a lot about the animals because I feel like it's a zoo and that is a given.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,8/14/2010,120,312,3,5,4>DOs: Order a bunch of side dishes to be able to try a whole lotta Hungarian goodness Get the vegetarian stuffed cabbage .. so freakin' good!! Bring a wheel barrel to be able to roll your tummy out of the restaurant because you will be stuffed!! DON'T Get the side: Tökfözelék - Zucchini Shredded, sauteed zucchini in a creamy dill sauce. $3.00 It's pretty much all sauce and no zucchini, we did not like this at all Don't wear something really nice that has to be dry cleaned .. you will regret it when you come out smelling like food and you can't wash it right away!! They were able to handle our ravenous group of 7 well. Food took a while to come out, but definitely worth the wait. I would definitely come back here.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,8/13/2010,136,719,2,6,1>Two bars and tropical foliage welcome you into this gorgeous cinema/movie theater. All the staff is energetic, excited, very cool, and super attentive. Take the time to smile back and check out all the awesome decor and details--they went to a lot of trouble to create the ambiance!The rocky outcropping and waterfall, and Hollywood sign above it all, plus all the old classic movie posters lining the walls hint to the great Hollywood glamour days of yore.A ton of events with movie and other stars are planned so check their schedule either on their website or on a handout at the ticket desk.The seats are so comfortable, and the menu is comprehensive enough to accommodate any foodie, including vegetarians. Vegans may also find items if they request some special accommodations for some of the vegetarian plates (no cheese, no croissant, etc.).Oh, and last but not least, they feature Rocky Horror Picture Show showings every Saturday at midnight. Just like sister location, Hollywood Boulevard, in Woodridge IL.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,8/11/2010,13,150,2,6,3>Me like... LOTS. I can appreciate a diverse menu encompassing traditional Mexican cuisine. The chef- who I now know from reviews is Paco- is a cool, bubbly man- he exudes what most do on high levels of alcohol- he's everyone's friend- I LIKE! Salsa and chip's- super yum, some of the best in the area! Margarita's- Super YUM! Food- good too. Pistachio Chicken mole was outstanding!! Tried Pancho Villa Enchilada's- good for a bite or two, but believe it when they say they're spicy- my very non- Mexican husband who likes to think he can handle the heat- in the end found he could in fact NOT handle the heat!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,8/10/2010,15,70,,8,2>I've been meaning to try Nickson's Eatery for a while, and am glad that we made it there for dinner tonight. One of my coworkers is friends with the restaurant manager Rich, and recommended that we give Nickson's a try. My wife and I had planned on going here for an adult date night, but at the last minute we decided to take out kids here for dinner and were pleasantly surprised and how family-friendly Nickson's is. The food is pretty good. I had the half roasted chicken with garlic butter and lemon herb sauce. The chicken was juicy and very flavorful. It was served with green beans, and instead of the two cheese mashed potatoes, I substituted the smoky mac and cheese. I ate every last bit of food on my plate, and really enjoyed it. My wife had the Casa Club sandwich: grilled basil chicken with avocado, bacon and corn relish on a pretzel bun. It was a pretty large sandwich - enough to fill up someone for dinner. My 4-year old daughter had chicken fingers and had tater tots, your typical kid food. The menu has lots of items that sound really tasty, and is probably best described as comfort food with a twist. Some of the items I'm excited to try include the Texan brisket tacos, braised beef short ribs, and sourdough breaded pork chop. The quality of the food is really good, and as a result the prices are somewhat higher; not super expensive, but average entrees between $14 and $18. The also have a pretty decent drink menu. My wife had a chocolate martini ($9) which was actually a little more expensive than her sandwich ($8), but she enjoyed both. The only thing that is missing from this place is maybe some additional art on the walls. It's a really nice space - large, open, and it has a very vibrant, lively feel. The restaurant always seems to be full, which is great. I look forward to coming back and trying it again. Keep up the good work Nickson's!
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,8/9/2010,199,119,4,7,3>I can't get enough gelato in my life. Creamy texture and rich delicious flavors that don't need ANY toppings? I'm in.Gelato was just what we needed after an evening of being out in the 90 degree heat. Gelati had a wide array of flavors, which always overwhelms me because I am literally like a kid in a candy shop. I mean, gelato shop. There were at least 5 flavors I wanted to try - like cantaloupe, for example. I got two small scoops in a small bowl - one was peanut butter, the other was "donnatella". Now I'm still not 100% sure what the donnatella was, but I was in love. The peanut butter was delicious, actually tasted like peanut butter, and absolutely not artificial tasting at all. I have the same complaint as Stephanie S, the place was pretty packed and it was kind of like a zoo. No one knew where the line started, and no employees were really helping out in that respect. Someone behind me started to order before me and I almost cried. (just kidding, not really though). The counter is manned by what seemed like 16 year old boys - so it was a bit confusing. But I would for sure come back here to try out some new flavors :)
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,8/8/2010,363,708,2,10,5>Mmmmmmmmburgers.As other reviews have mentioned, this is pretty similar to Five Guys. It's sort of the Qdoba versus Chipotle debate -- Meatheads being the Qdoba. Same basic idea, a few more options.The burgers come in three sizes: 1/4 lb ("lil meathead"), 1/3 lb, and 1/2 lb. They're thinner and griddled, with nice edges while still being juicy and just a wee bit pink in the middle. The fries are nice and crispy, a bit thinner than Five Guys', done just right.There are a huge amount of toppings, including many cheeses, veggies galore, bacon, egg, and about seven different sauces. Most are free; cheese & egg are $1, bacon is .75c, as is avocado. Fries come in regular and large -- a large is plenty for 2 people to share -- and cajun and regular. Good to know: they have cajun seasoning on the condiment bar if you want it on the side. They also have malt vinegar, hot sauce, A-1, etc.While it's not dirt cheap, this is good food, considerably better than your average quickie burger joint, made with real ingredients -- a good value for the menu. We got a 1/4 lb and 1/3 lb burger, cheese and bacon on one, and a large fry - about $14 and we left full and happy. (P.S. To really save money? Drink water. Everyone knows soda's prices are jacked up.)And just to ice the cake -- they have temporary cow tattoos! Which, I might add, has lasted over 12 hours now.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,8/7/2010,76,143,5,6,5>I live a block away from Poor Phils. This is my favorite bar-type place to go in OP, and when I have out-of-town visitors who invariably arrive waaaay later than they estimated, I like taking them to a local place instead of the TGI-You Know What down the street. So, the best reason to come here is the beer. They have so many, even my very favorite cider beer (Original Sin...try it. It's oh so worth it) that I've only ever found at one other place in the entire Chicagoland area. Servers are pretty relaxed. They don't hover, but they always seem to know when a refill is needed. it's comfortable, but with the hotel attached, sometimes you'll have wedding guests in tuxedos sitting next to a frat boy sporting a "COLLEGE" t-shirt. But it's all good, since they'll both be watching one of many varied sports games on the TVs. (Once, I think a cricket match was on!) Only a block south of the green line Harlem stop, it is seat-yourself, so in case you come here in the winter, please PLEASE don't stand with the door half open as you case the joint!Food is fairly good. I've been here for lunch, dinner, late night snacks, and I have to say that the food is decent, but not fantastic. The buffalo wings are good, although I think the cook is trying to teach the wings how to do the backstroke, as they are literally SWIMMING in a pool of sauce. Scrape half of it off and you'll be set. Also, anything seafood-y smells awesome and is probably a pretty good bet.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,8/6/2010,29,92,3,4,3>I was impressed with Shaws as I didn't quite know what to expect of a nice seafood restaurant in the suburbs located right outside of a mall. Especially a seafood place in the mid western suburbs - how DO they get fresh fish and crabs and lobsters out here? I was expecting a more upscale Red Lobster - white hairs enjoying a 5 o'clock dinner in a quiet room with attentive waiters and expensive drinks. But, I was wrong!Every time I have come to Shaws it has been for a large "family" lunches or dinner. Every time the service has been exceptional. The waiters were always checking up on us and assisted the elderly as well as the rambunctious 3-year old. (they offered her crayons and a coloring book as well as picture books) She was also entertained by the friendly front hostess and the lobster tank next to the hostess station. The only seafood I really like is Crab, and I have really enjoyed their crab cakes (impressive coming from a previous resident of Annapolis, queen of crab cakes!) and their chilled Alaskan crab bites. The crab dip was only so-so. Family members did enjoy other seafood selections including the lobster bisque, lobster roll, oysters, and the scallops. I tried the sushi here once and was really surprised how fresh it was! They have a pretty large sushi menu. I prefer the dining room, reminiscent of a 40's suave lounge. A little bit of a more upscale dining experience. But, the oyster bar has a fun art deco ambiance that is laid back and offers specials.The cocktails are overpriced, as well as some of the menu items, but could be worth it for a special dinner I suppose, but your bill can really add up here!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,8/5/2010,60,84,6,8,6>My first trip to the Honey Jam Cafe began with an unpleasantly long wait because of a standard hateful "no reservations" breakfast joint policy.  My experience improved as soon as our food arrived.  I was soon self medicating with biscuits and sausage gravy, perfectly cooked hash browns and delightfully crispy and meaty thick bacon.  Yes, I even stole a fantastic pancake from my buddy to round out my carbohydrate coma.Everything they served was delicious and perfectly prepared.  Despite the busy scene, it was a Portillo's family restaurant through and through with quick, courteous service.Give this place a try early some morning and you will be as pleased as I am.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,8/4/2010,33,144,15,15,14>Contrary to popular belief geeks and nerds are not the same thing.  Let me learn you.Geeks are obsessed with some aspect of pop culture from the mainstream to the obscure.  Star Wars, Warcraft, anime... these are geek pursuits.Nerds are extremely adept (and usually obsessed) with something academic.  Physics, computer science, literature, philosophy.  These are your nerds.  If heaven is what they say it is, then the section reserved for geeks probably looks a lot like Toynk.  It's a hidden little place tucked along York, directly across the street from the end of one of O'Hare's runways, in an otherwise industrial area.  It doesn't look like much.  But then step inside and you will find some sort of collectible from every single aspect of popular culture that ever had an action figure made for it.Warcraft, Mario Bros., Harry Potter, horror franchises, Metal Gear, He-Man, Twilight Zone (seriously, they had the thing on the wing), Gundam, BSG, even sports stuff.  It's all there.  Everything.  Wall to wall, there isn't an inch of that place not covered by action figures and the like.And Star Wars stuff.  Oh my God, if you're a Star Wars fan, there is so much stuff here.  Everything from action figures and plushes to super high end statues, movie perfect prop replicas, and costumes.  Seriously, if you're looking for it, this should be your first stop.There are a lot of hard to find things here and if you live close enough it's worth it to buy it in person to save on shipping.  The prices are competitive, not spectacular, but cheaper than some of the inflated, bizarro world economy you find on eBay, which in a lot of cases is your only chance to find some of this stuff.I feel like I've been giving too many 5-star ratings out lately, and I was primed to give this a 4, but it earned that 5 with the customer service.  The guy who runs the place is beyond friendly.  He greeted me as soon as I walked in, answered every question I had, let me behind the counter to sift through the shelves upon shelves and stacks upon stacks of the higher quality Star Wars stuff.  He clearly recognizes a place like this thrives on geek loyalty and word of mouth and he got the job done.  I've said it before, part of being a geek is the sense of community and this place has that feeling in spades.I came here to find a gift to get my best friend, really unsure as to what I wanted to get him.  I left that place disappointed with all the things I could have gotten him that I didn't just because I couldn't afford to get that much.Not only that, there's a lot of stuff I want to get for myself.  I mean, I could really use a Slave Leia statue, and a Luke Skywalker stunt lightsaber replica, oh, and those Ralph McQuarrie concept art figures, and the set of die-cast Warcraft weapon keychains, and the Admiral Ackbar mask, and the Simon Belmont figure, and the Big Boss one, and....
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,8/3/2010,252,423,4,6,5>What a yummy little place! 15 kinds of pierogies and plenty of other Polish specialties to choose from.Tried them for the first time today with my husband & mother-in-law. We all had the lunch special: 3 pierogies (any kind), 2 potato pancakes, polish sausage & a bowl of the soup of the day- all for $6.99!! And all comes with sauteed onions & bacon, plus sour cream & applesauce. OMG- it was all deeelish!I really like how you can choose to have your pierogies fried or boiled. I'm not sure what our soup was but it was very tasty, and a big bowl. And these were the best potato pancakes I've ever had. Plus the presentation of the dish was something you'd expect in a pricier place, not a walk up counter casual joint; Very nice. Add in the pleasant decor , clean bathrooms, and great tunes playing- my new fave for lunch!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,8/2/2010,850,1294,,7,5>Things have greatly improved since my last visit to NRC. I was actually greeted by the girl at the checkout counter, everything was well organized and it took a bit of time for someone to approach me on the floor, but I was helped within five minutes from the time I walked in.Jane is my shoe hero. She noticed me staring blankly at all of the socks and came over to help. She is quick and personable, very fun. I told her about some problems I was having with the shoes I purchased, which is the same problem I have with most shoes. My feet will often start to tingle and feel like they are falling asleep about 10 min into my workout. She listened to all of my concerns and starting asking me some very good questions. This was more of the one-on-one that I was looking for when I originally came in.Although I had been fitted previously, she thought I might be in the wrong size and had me try 1/2 size larger. The difference was night and day. They were the exact same shoes, but fit much better. At first I thought tighter was better because of my ankle problems, but she said as long as I had the right size and a good pair of workout socks that it was actually better to have a bit more movement. She did an even exchange for me, relatively no questions asked other than what I needed.When I tried on the shoes I also tried on a pair of socks that I intended to purchase. I had grabbed three pairs and was using one for the fitting. She took them from me before checkout and somehow they were misplaced along the way. I got home and discovered I had paid for three and only had two. A quick call fixed the problem. They set a pair of the socks aside for me and told me to come in whenever. They even gave me a free pair for the trouble. I am definitely going to keep doing business with them.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,8/1/2010,771,552,4,3,3>Ok, so I have no clue about Thai cuisine. My friend invited me to go to dinner here and like always, I'm up for something new. So off we went to down town LaGrange. The place is very cozy and nicely decorated. We sat down and waited about 5 minutes for someone to help us out. We ordered Crab Rangoon for appetizer.  When they came I said to my friend! "these potstickers are delicious!!!!" oh, yea, we ordered crab Rangoon. Haha so we told the lady and after fighting with us about what we actually ordered she took back the potstickers and got us the Rangoon. The Potstickers were deep fried! Not pan fried. I would go there just to get me about three orders of those! I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, not very Thaish but it was perfect. Great flavor and just the right spiciness for me. My friend ordered the green curry and at first I was like ewwww, but then I had some. Yummmm!! The  coconut milk based broth nicely offset by the spiciness of the curry. I will have to try a plate of my own now!! I will be visiting the Glen Ellyn location next time. Can't wait!!!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,7/31/2010,971,2260,5,10,9>A new Gibson's? And right across the street from my office? Life IS good! Open for about a week- we had a chance to eat here the other day and I must say- it's like pushing open the door of the downtown location. While the outside is contemporary and sleek- the inside is all Gibson's. Clubby and masculine. White table cloths and servers in white jackets. Friendly and impeccable service. And signed pictures of celebrities lining the walls. There is even a staircase in the entrance way mimicking the downtown location but upstairs here is a small private dining area for 10. While not open yet (slated to open July 1st) the other big difference at this location is the outside patio and bar. With seating for 200, the patio is going to be magnificent! We got a preview during our visit and all I can say is wow! A cascading water wall and "river" to block out the sounds of Spring Road. Comfy couches and tables surrounded by fire pits and a separate outside bar in a sunken area that will have live jazz on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Sweet! I know where I am heading after work! But as nice as all of that is- the real star here continues to be Gibson's food. The steaks, chops and seafood are all in place and served up in large portions. For lunch- there are luncheon portions of all of that but also some great tasting salads. I had the spicy lobster Cobb salad which was piled high with all kinds of fresh vegetables and was delicious! My friends had the seared tuna salad with wasabi dressing (also quite tasty) the salmon club (good but a little rich) and the combination " slider" and soup combo. Service was spot on- formal- but not uncomfortably so- and it is clear that the Gibson's training has pulled this new team together with nary a flaw. We met both the manager and the chef during our visit which was also a nice touch. If you drive, (and who doesn't in the "burbs"?) there is complmentary valet parking out front.  And lunch for 4 with dessert ran about $80.A great addition to the "neighborhood", Gibson's is sure to be a destination for the after work Oak Brook crowd. Oh- and if you see my boss and he is looking for me? Point in the other direction as I'll likely be perched on my bar stool, enjoying the sunshine with one of Gibson's famous martini's in hand! Now that should make the work day a whole lot better!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,7/30/2010,98,172,3,5,4>If you're an avid consumer of fresh, great tasting Sushi, I highly recommend this outstanding Japanese restaurant located right in Schaumburg.I, myself, am quite particular about sushi restaurants depicting their decor, traditions, chefs, quality of product, servers, and most importantly the cleanliness of the environment.  I feel that a restaurant should upkeep the theme of the courses they provide in order to provide you the extra feeling in which you would feel as if you're sitting in Japan!  Who can say they enjoy their meal if it  the food isn't good!?Upon entering, I noticed the decor was simple yet pleasing to the eye and were generously treated with a traditional Japanese bowing gesture and a big smile!  Though it was slightly hard to understand the server due to their strong accent, but it wasn't too tough where you would be unable to make out what was said.  Enough with decor and servers, lets  talk about the SUSHI!In my entire love-for-sushi-life (9 years), I have only experienced one other great tasting sushi restaurant (which I will leave for another post). I must say that I have tried several (a ton) of sushi restaurants since my move from Michigan and have only been impressed about Sushi Ya.  Being that it was being located in a small little strip mall, don't belittle venues (as I do/did).  After being seated, taking a look at the menu did make me nervous but as I sat and observed the other orders being presented to other tables, I was in awe.  I can't remember the exact name of the dishes we had ordered (only because I have a bad memory), but it sure does make me want to go there to try everything else I was missing out on.  I do remember that the rolls we ordered were worth your money as they were full of what you exactly ordered and nothing less (many menus deceive you of its description and what you really get).  The rolls were made full of flavor, packed with ingredients, and appealing to your eye.  The fish was fresh and bright in color as it laid within the roll as well as on top.  I had ordered a Chirashi, which contains raw fish over a bed of rice, and to my astonishment, it was perfect.  With this dish, you are able to depict the quality of the products the restaurant stands by.  Another dish that we tried was a rice bowl (not sure of its name), but it was tasteful indeed.  With the assortment of dishes we dove into on our first night, we knew we couldn't go wrong with anything else on the menu.The only downfall this restaurant has if that it is quite small, but still roomy enough for parties no bigger than 5.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,7/29/2010,191,452,3,4,3>First impressions are hard to break for me.  I hold a grudge.  Gave this place a second chance and was delightfully surprised.On my initial visit we sat inside.  Kinda dark.  Moldy smelling.  Old wooden chairs that may have been purchased at a near by antique shop on North Avenue.  Ordered fish & chips.  Got dry fish and chips that could have used more seasoning.  Saving grace...plenty of drink specials.Second time around, a group of us were looking for airconditioning and cold refreshments after 9 holes of golf at Pottowatamie.  Sat inside again, but this time next to the bar in front.  More light, less moldy smell.  There was only one girl working our area so the wait was a bit longer than usual, but we kept ourselves busy with the flat screens & talk of hot dog eating contests.Ice cold Coke...automatic 2 stars!  Fast refill service for thirsty golfers on a 80+ degree summer afternoon...make that 4 stars!Their sandwiches are huge!  The BLT is stuffed with what seemed to be 3 layers of crunchy bacon, some lettuce, a slice of tomato, and a generous smear of mayo.  Overflowing bacon falling off my sandwich made me a happy camper=)  Best side of coleslaw that I've had in a long while, a little on the sweet side.Would have sat in their outside beer garden in the front if we hadn't been baking for 3 hours earlier on the golf course.  All patio tables seemed to be under the protection of huge umbrellas, so it wouldn't have been that bad.  Free wi-fi too!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,7/28/2010,30,62,5,7,4>My initial reaction to this storefront was, "Oh, geez.  Not another boutique-y gluten epidemic pandering nightmare of a place."This is not to deride or discredit people with an actual, serious gluten problem, but I have my opinions, and a lot of it stinks of a fad to me.  Remember when places were specializing in low-carb, no-carb, Atkins-approved BS?  I vaguely remember it too.On the other hand, this whole gluten-free business is just another head of the organic food community, and I have to say that I am a strong believer in slow food, so I grant some credence to the organics, despite being an unapologetic meat-lover.I should really talk about this place though, instead.  The people who work there are very friendly and quick to offer their assistance with whatever you may want.  They also will make special orders for your organic and dietary needs, which is seriously awesome, especially if you do, as I do, live RIGHT NEXT DOOR to the place.Their prices are close to the Whole Foods baseline, I'd say, and I'm happy to see that they offer wine for sale.  Not only that, this place is not strictly vegetarian or gluten-free, and you can find some awesome things like organic, live miso and kombucha and things like that without looking too far.Seriously though, if there's something you like that's organic and satisfies a tiny niche, you'll probably find it here, and it's always good to support a local business.  Don't you agree?
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,7/27/2010,127,193,9,6,6>The best dining experience of my life.  Period.  No Diggity.  No Doubt.The service started at the get-go, with a friendly greeting and a quick  swarm of people at the table, pulling out and pushing in your chair for you as you sit down.Everything I tried was incredibly good.  Even the salad bar.  I had a small offering of chopped salad.  THAT'S how good this place was.  I don't even LIKE salad, and I still enjoyed it.Favorites include house specialty prime rib, top sirloin, garlic beef, bacon-wrapped filet and chicken breasts, and the beef ribs.  Also very good were the pork ribs and chicken sausage.  Didn't get to try the ribeye (bummer) but as others have also said, I wasn't a huge fan of the parmesan pork tenderloin, as it was a little bit dry.The real knockout came at the end.  You know how parents are, they try and casually sneak in to the server that it's someone's birthday- mine in this case.  He obviously didn't hear that part as we ordered dessert.  So on the way out, a gentleman asked how everything was, and I mentioned it was the best birthday lunch I'd ever had.  He was so surprised, "Why didn't you say something???" and basically chased me out the door with a free certificate for lunch on my next visit, saying that they try to take care of people celebrating occasions.  After one visit, Chama Gaucha has now become very near and dear to this meat-i-vore's heart.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,7/26/2010,31,97,4,4,3>i'm obsessed with cafes and bakeries. whenever i pass by one i haven't seen before i get super excited. i was in glen ellyn for lunch and on my way back to work i saw honey. i yelped it immediately and mentally listed it as a place i had to try.one random saturday morning i went out to grab brunch at another place i wanted to try but the wait was over an hour. i suddenly remembered honey, took a quick 15 minute drive and got ready to eat!i was surprised that it wasn't busy so i was seated right away.it all changed though, moments after i place my order the place filled up. it's all about timing. ^_^in the reviews i kept seeing positive comments about one of the waiters. i was seriously sitting at my table hoping i would get him... and i did and he was as knowledgeable and dedicated as everyone mentioned.it seemed understaffed though so i ended up doing a lot of waiting. i didn't really mind 'cause i enjoy taking my time, but, the amount of waiting i did would easily make others angry.i ordered the eggs on a motorcycle. it was toast with a hole cut in the center... an egg cooked in the hole and covered with a rosemary sauce. it was delicious, as were the sausages i ordered on the side.i ended up getting a latte as well and it was one of the smoothest lattes i've had.they have a really cool, innovative menu and i'd love to go here again and try more dishes.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,7/25/2010,66,101,3,5,3>Sushi, I love you, you are so yummy, Sushi!As you might have noticed, I love Sushi.  I in particular love the Sushi here, in the To Go containers.  It is super fresh, the rolls are large, and it is very affordable.  I've had far worse sushi, and paid much more for it, at sit down places.However, if you show up too late for Sushi (on the weekends, get there early - they run out fast!), the food court is a great option.  I loved my Ramen, but my absolute favorite is the Gabuto Burger.  It is a pork/beef burger, cooked in some sort of asiany sauce.  It then has yummy toppings and more yummy sauce.  The fries were very good and very fresh - you can shake on all sorts of flavors.  Plus, they take credit cards, unlike the rest of the food court.Once you've eaten, you can explore the rest.  The Japanese bookstore is a gold mine of knitting, quilting, crocheting, and needlepoint books.  Japanese patterns are generally all charted out with illustrations, so not knowing Japanese isn't a huge hurdle.  I love the market, although my friend usually has to drag me through, otherwise I'd stay there forever, buying odd things that I don't know what to do with.  And the bakery - oh, so good.Last, and not least, there is a little china/dishware store tucked in behind the food court.  They have beautiful japanese dishes at very affordable prices.  So, go!  Really.  Right now.  You won't regret it.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,7/24/2010,101,102,5,11,7>A nice out-of-the-way dive bar.A nice quiet place to get away from the regular hubub of the bars on Madison street. It's a charming little place, less than a block from Goldie Burgers and only two blocks from the Harlem stop of the green line.Local author Stephanie Kuehnert tends bar a few nights a week and it has the best outdoor seating area since Horan's shut down. The only downsides are the patio closes at midnight (completely reasonable, since it abuts some private residences) and the music is sometimes too loud to hold any kind of conversation.Parking is on the street but because this place isn't drawing the crowds it's usually not a problem.The tables are attached to the walls and only seat four each. It's not great for groups that would want to put together a bunch of tables and sit together. It's ok for groups on the go like pub crawls or groups that don't need to sit all at the same group of tables like dart tournaments. There are a few dart boards in the back and they're usually open. The short tables are just small enough to be cozy but not so small as to be a problem. Ladies with large purses, put them on the rail on the wall to save table space. I am not usually this obsessed with tables. Promise.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,7/23/2010,142,340,5,4,2>YUM! So I'm going to admit two things up front: (1) I am NOT a picky or even remotely discerning eater, particularly when it comes to something I love as much as Thai food. If it's a Thai restaurant, I will eat there and enjoy it unless they slather my food with peanut sauce, to which I'm deathly allergic.(2) Lately I've been boring about what I order, so keep in mind that I can only speak for their potstickers and crab rangoon.I'm definitely a fan of this place - it's a sit-down restaurant with low-priced Thai that comes in big portions (I always take half my meal home). Each time I've eaten here, the service has been efficient and they wrap up leftovers really neatly (including the sauces). Also, before I leave they give me a refill on my Diet Coke in a plastic cup with a lid, so that I can keep sipping as I'm out shopping. Thoughtful!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,7/22/2010,172,208,5,12,6>Don't let the name fool you.  This place is about 80% Filipino restaurant, and 20% Chinese.  I lived in Glendale Heights a long time ago, and this is when I first discovered this place.  I have often wondered why Filipino cuisine has never found a niche the way Chinese, Japanese, and even Korean cuisine has.  I have gotten in arguments and debates about how our food is not easily presentable, and many of our dishes require an acquired taste.It really is a shame, because I think we have some very good dishes. This restaurant is not going to win you over with its décor, or its ambiance, but with its food.  I don't know how they do it, but they crank out the dishes rather quickly from the tiny kitchen in the back.  You can hear pots clanking, and food frying, and orders being yelled out.  Maybe they just throw everything in a magical turbo broiler, and it comes out magically delicious.My favorites are the Sininang na Baboy (Pork tamarind soup), lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly), and ampalaya con carne (beef sauteed in black bean sauce w/ bittermelon).  The most famous Filipino dishes are probably Pancit (rice noodles), and lumpia shanghai (mini pork egg rolls), which I also love.  The service can be better at times, but I can't say I ever received bad service here.I would love for them to redecorate the place, as the pictures of roosters, and lechon are tacky and outdated.  I mean these pics came straight from someones digital camera, trust me you can tell.  Just a small suggestion, but I can overlook that since the food is delicious. This is the place to go in the suburbs when I have the hunger pangs for some serious Filipino cooking.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,7/21/2010,37,53,3,6,2>Oh, man, were we lucky ducks tonight! A friend and I decided to walk around downtown LaGrange to grab a bite to eat, and wandered into Bella Bacino's. Saw a sign for an "Open House - meet greet and eat" event, but requested to just sit for dinner. The waitress came by and we decided to go with the Open House special - $30/person - 2 glasses of wine and what ended up being a parade, a huge delightful parade of delicious wonders!Definitely an oddball night to judge how things normally operate, as our server just brought out plates as we were ready for them, very attentive, nice, great all around.BUT THE FOOD - gaaah - delish! Started with a self-serve-appetizer set up on the  bar - couple of chicken dishes, some crostini-type things, calamari, roasted veggies, antipasti - YUM! Then we sat at our table and had small plate after small plate brought out to us. More than one reference to the movie "Big Night" - meatballs, a couple pasta dishes (rich sauces, but not heavy), a salad with tenderloin, paninis, chicken dishes, oh my lord. Just food! Good food! Almost too much food! BUT NOT REALLY because it was just so so so damn tasty.For the two of us, with 2 glasses of wine each, and tip included (weird?) it was under $80. Didn't look at the prices of their regular menu, but if they offer this regularly - once a month or something? - I would totally recommend for an easily-split-bill kind of group outing. Mmmmm...
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,7/20/2010,30,73,4,4,3>I have been sitting here at my keyboard for hours, up all night, trying to figure out whether or not to give this jewish deli 3 or 4 stars. I consider myself a 'glass of everclear half full' kind of guy, so I will go with 4. First impressions were generally good, although this place does walk a fine line between authentic and trying too hard. The counter people were very friendly, and the menu is presented in a way that allows you to take your time looking w/out being in the way. It being my first time, I had the classic corn-beef, over-stuffed. The over-stuffed was filling, but do not be intimidated. It was big(ish), but not carnegie deli big. It was large, but no larger then most places. The meat was good, although a bit fatty in sections. The sandwich was satisfying, probably 3 stars, but the overall experience is bumped up to 4 stars due to the awesome black and white cookie I had, and the free chocolate chip cookie the staff gave to my 14 month old daughter. I will be back, and this time I will be more adventurous in my ordering. I may get pastrami. I am such a rebel.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2010,7/19/2010,161,158,1,2,1>A review of my first encounter with the great Gong...First, we had a late dinner (9pm) so I expected the foods to not be that warm and fresh when it came out.  It was quite the opposite, despite the late hours, they brought out piping hot dishes.  Second, the price is a bargain here.  Their hot & sour soup was only $1.95 so I thought that it would be the size of a tiny little saucer.  My friend and I ordered 2 bowls thinking we won't have enough to share.  It turns out, the soup was in a huge bowl! By the time I finished the soup (which was hot and good though not as spicy and sour as I have had at other places), I was half full already.  It was worth the pocket change. We also got 2 egg rolls (under $3) and they were big and decent.  Then, our 2 entrees came out: sesame chicken w/ fresh, green and crunchy broccoli.  I love it when they don't overcook the veggies in Asian dishes.  The fried rice was good too, it had actual, big & multiple whole shrimp (not pieces- shocker!), pineapple, scallop, and imitation crab.  It wasn't too oily and the rice was soft unlike some other places'. Service-wise, they were decent. It wasn't like first class waiters in tux kind of thing.  Just your average family restaurant kind of service.  They might clank some dishes or toss soy sauce bottles on your table when they come by.  Our guy was really good on refilling our water glass which is the key thing anyways. Overall, our bill of two came out to be around $24 and that included, 2 soups, eggroll dish, 2 entres, and 2 complimentary almond cookies and 2 fortune cookies.  Not a bad deal. I would visit again!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,7/18/2010,371,418,4,20,7>I have been going to tomato tattoo for several years. All of my tattooed and pierced friends also go to tomato. Angela is my tattoo artist. Noodles is my piercer. This place is the best tattoo shop all around. I've been getting tattooed for about 12 years and now that I've found tomato, I'll never go anywhere else. The staff is very knowledgeable, super helpful and they are all very friendly. I feel very safe here because I know they take great care of me when I'm there and they practice stringent cleaning habits which is definitely something you want to see when you're getting tattooed.. Getting tattooed can be painful and scary but all of the staff is very understanding and caters to the customers needs, I've done my fair share of whining and complaining when Angela tattoos over a sore spot, but she takes it in stride, smiles and pauses so I can relax. She's very sweet and personable, which is pretty important to me because I have had sessions with her that go for 5 or 6 hours. I could never sit that long with someone i was uncomfortable with or couldn't talk to.. And the way she tattoos color is incredible.. I have a VERY brightly colored half-sleeve that she did and i get complimented on it all the time.. I have referred family, coworkers and friends all to tomato and every time I get great feedback. Each of the artists is skillful in their own way, and I love that they each have their own styles and areas of specialty - yet they are all highly adaptable to what the customer wants. I cant think of a negative thing to say about this shop and it's staff.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,7/17/2010,17,55,,6,5>I love, love, love Prasino. I think the sign of a great restaurant is one you want to take your friends and family to. Every chance we get, my fiance and I will take someone new here, and every person has loved it! Their brunch menu is new and innovative and makes me want to combine breakfast and lunch everyday. The last few times we dined here I tried the summer vegetable flat bread with balsamic glaze. It had the freshest vegetables and made me think 'this is why I love summer.' My fiance tried the vegan french toast stuffed with orange cream cheese. There are no words to express how delicious this was, you just have to try it. Vegan or not, it tastes like the most decadent french toast and you can feel, somewhat, good about eating it. When the two of us went there today for brunch, I decided to try the Caprese Eggs Benedict, which I thought would be an odd combination with the mozzarella, basil, tomato and poached egg on english muffin and hollandaise. It was a genius combination! I would definitely get this dish again and recommend it to the those who love the traditional eggs benedict. I, hands down, thoroughly enjoy myself at Prasino every time I go. The next time I have brunch there, I WILL try their signature bloody mary infused with horseradish vodka...yum!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,7/16/2010,311,157,2,6,4>I love that this place looks like absolutely nothing from the outside, and is downright hidden. Then you walk inside and it feels like a real Cantonese place in China, with the tables further apart.Rock star sized portions and authentic Cantonese flavors reign supreme here. Tofu: yum.Scallion pancake: deliciousSesame beef: I've had better, but not badSweet and sour shrimp: fantastic.The service here is friendly and fast, and this place is not for the person on a salt diet. My only real problem with this place is that they have a tendency to make assumptions about westerners that are not valid: like that I want a fork and not chopsticks. This has happened both times I went. I'd like to be asked that question, not just presented with a non-Asian utensil. Also, they have a tendency to take sauces away from the table prematurely. This is a pet peeve of mine.That said, they are delicious, reasonably priced, and I will be back here often with my friends. Try to find it it's worth the treasure hunt.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,7/15/2010,82,43,4,8,3>First off - I have to tell you that I'm kind of a Thai food addict.  When living in Chicago I picked apartments based on the walking distance to good Thai restaurants.  Now that I am a Suburban dweller I am always on this quest for tasty, tasty Thai cuisine.  VinoThai has really great food.  I have never been unsatisfied with anything they make.  My all time favorite has been a Red curry daily special that had sweet potatoes (my odd current favorite ingredient) and pineapple.  Their Tom Yum and Tom Kha soups are also excellent.  Their Thai iced tea is strong and taste-tastic.  (its a word, deal with it.)The only downside is that their service is really pretty slow.  I have not gone there for their lunch special yet - but I plan to.  I love lunch specials.  However, I did check out the lunch menu and for $7.95 you get soup, salad, egg roll or spring roll and a smaller portion of an entree. Sounds like a deal to me!Overall, you can't go wrong with VinoThai unless you are in a hurry.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,7/14/2010,191,194,3,9,3>This wondrous place has many great things to offer.  If you want to talk about groceries, well let's start with the fantastic fajitas- already marinating- ready for you to take home , along with a package from their awesome selection of fresh tortilla's, homemade salsa, pico de gallo , guacamole and Mexican sour cream. We're talking about a ten minute, home made authentic fajita dinner.  Take that Rachel Ray!!!Now, let's move on to the home cooking that takes place at this gem.  The taco's bring you back to a beach side palapa in Mexico.  I recently had the egg and chorizo breakfast burrito.  It was incredible.  And it was only $2.40.  They have an awesome butcher/seafood and deli counter.   If you're in the neighborhood- give it a try!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,7/12/2010,288,304,15,19,12>I've been a fan of Cascade Drive-In for a long, long, long, long, long, LONG time. I can remember being taken here when I was a wee little thing. Cascade is still around and still going strong. The facility itself might not be the best but gimme a break...this place has been around FOREVER. A double feature under the stars for less than $10 bucks? A steal! A concession stand is on site offering up your usual theater fixins...sodas, ice cream, candy, popcorn, nachos. They do have some other items such as pizza puffs and sandwiches. Yes, I will admit to having gotten a pepperoni pizza puff. It seemed like a good idea at the time. Of course you can bring your own treats....although bringing in food from Scooby's was strongly discouraged on my last visit. Why? Because those bastards will not dim their lights during the movies. Is it really that distracting? I have no idea really, I just know that you can't let the man keep you down. Cascade does have a little park up front for your kiddos and they provide grills now in that same area. Car stereo speakers are there for your convenience or you can tune in your own car radio. This place tends to get kind of packed when "big ticket" movies are playing - so arrive early or prepare to be idle for a bit. The best part of Cascade? They still show that silly "It's Intermission Time!" cartoon in between movies. You know...the candy bars swinging around on the tight rope? The hot dog jumping in the bun (lol)? The only thing missing is Danny Zuko singing "Sandy" in the foreground. Sigh, Oh Sandy....
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,7/11/2010,26,65,4,8,5>Had I reviewed this animal hospital last year, I would have given it four stars.  This year, however, they've improved on the  few little gripes I had with it, and now I give it five.I swear, I collect faulty animals like a kid collects toys.  I have a dog who has stomach problems in reaction to any kibble on the market, a cat who pees on everything when he's stressed, and another cat who had disturbing stomach conditions when he ate kibble.Well, I took them all off manufactured pet food, and all the problems stopped.Last year, when I went in, the vets seemed very distraught at my choice of foods.  One of them said, "Your cat has a superior coat.  And his teeth are excellent.  But, I really would feel more comfortable if you switched them back to kibbles."  Being the polite little kibble rebel that I am, I said I understood the concern, but I wasn't changing.When my dog's stomach problems abated  on a cooked and raw diet, I was instructed to try to ease him back to kibble.  I didn't do that either.At any rate, I was in for the shock of my life when I took my dog in this year and two different vets said he was in excellent shape, had great teeth, was toned, etc, and when asked what I fed him, they not only said I was doing a good job, but they suggested ways to round out his diet with some different real foods (not doggie foods).  And then, I got their circular magazine in the mail, and in an article about dog foods and selecting the correct ones, it listed home-made foods as a viable and healthy option.  I almost fell off my chair.From what I gather in my conversations with one of the vets, they either had a holistic vet come in and work with them, or they now have a holistic vet on staff, or they were trained in some holistic medicines at a conference.  No idea, but they have definitely opened their minds to holistic medicine.  When my dog hurt his paw, they gave him a homeopathic pain medication as opposed to a stronger regular one that might have upset his (delicate) tummy.Holistic stuff aside, the staff has always been very nice and very helpful.  When my dog was a pup and had stomach issues, I saw his same vet, Dr. Ruebendall (sp??) over and over, and she never acted like I was being a pain in the rear.  She was nice enough to answer my relentless questions and she gave me options without pushing the most expensive ones.  When my dog had something that appeared to be seizures, she gave me the number to a neurology clinic but suggested other options as well for his treatment.  (In case you are holding on to the edge of your seat, breathless to know what happened, they were not seizures. They were panic attacks from having been attacked by other dogs).  I went to the neurology clinic and it was an excellent recommendation.  Props for referring me to a good place!Dr. Lancaster, too, has worked with my cats and my dog, and my dog loves him.  Dr. L makes a point of answering all questions and gave me some good suggestions and advice for dealing with my hyper, neurotic herding dog.Wheaton Animal Hospital is a non-appointment clinic (except for surgeries, of course...gotta schedule those).  You walk in, and you check in, and you wait.  On Saturdays and weekday evenings, you might wait and wait and wait.  So, I tend to go in on weekday mornings if possible.  If your pet is really in bad shape, though, you do go to the front of the "line."Vets are nice, and the rest of the staff is very nice and caring as well.  The hospital is clean, and the waiting room is big and bright and has magazines.  As an added side note,  I worked at this animal hospital as a teenager, under different management.  It was not all that great then.  It's soooo much better now.  Way more professional.  Great job to the new management!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,7/10/2010,8,19,3,6,3>White Chocolate Grill....sighI am always down for coming here. If you are out in the burbs and want to go for a moderate dinner/lunch this is a great place. I would put White Chocolate grill on par with say a J. Alexander's or a Houston's. Classic American food. It isn't super fancy/trendy, but I wouldn't show up looking like a scrub either (oooh no, no scruuub. thank you TLC).The Southern Chicken salad is great and I really like their Rotisserie Chicken. I'm not a huge red meat fan, but the people I have gone with really enjoy the burgers. But whatever you do order, MAKE SURE IT COMES WITH A SIDE OF HONEY ROASTED CARROTS!  They are simply divine. Also, dessert should not be over looked. Please try and attempt to save some room for the white chocolate brownie or white chocolate banana cream pie. It is understandable if you don't have room after such a feast, but really, it is your loss. Bar menu is great as well. I was excited to see Silver Oaks on the wine list. One thing I love about WCG is the ambiance. It is a little on the darker side with big, cozy, comfy booths. Great for a romantic date! WCG is also great for business meetings, celebrations or even just a girls night before catching a movie.  Staff is super friendly, which I love, and great at making recommendations.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,7/8/2010,39,47,3,12,7>If I could give 4 1/2 stars, I would. When it comes to sushi I've been to all the greats ...at least in North America and Hawaii as well as a number of places around the world including Tokyo and I have to say food-wise this place is right up at the top in nearly all regards ...flavor, display, variety, creativity, non sushi dishes... Without question, this is the best sushi place within a 20 mile radius. The closest even worthy opponent being Wild Fish in Arlington Heights.  Personally Kaminari is my Chicago-land favorite. So why the hedge and only four stars? Kaminari has one of the worst possible locations - behind a gas station next to a convenience store in an area not considered a town destination - and in the suburb how can this not affect patronage? The answer is it likely does and I've seen the affects over the years ... the once awesome dessert menu changed to items that keep longer and still are not often on hand, service can be a bit off -inexperienced, the surprisingly hip and swank decor could now definitely use some maintenance, and food quality for a stint had been a bit inconsistent though not of late, BOTTOM LINE: this aside, if you like sushi this place should absolutely be on your list of places to check out. It became the favorite of nearly everyone I've brought there. RECOMMENDATIONS: ***definitely*** try the Spicy Tuna Sushi Bombs. Better yet ask for them to be lightly pan fried in soy oil and butter; a tribute to a well-known dish at the even better known Katsuya in LA. Other highly recommended unique favorites: Hugo Roll, Shrek Roll, California Roll (not so unique but made with real crab -"the perfect" California Roll) , and the Ika Sansai salad,.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,7/7/2010,57,104,3,7,6>I don't need to say much about this great 'lil gem of summer!I usually go every Sat. morning.. the earlier the better! The donuts are just fabulous.. especially the cinnamon sugar!The variety does change throughout the season so don't be dismayed by some things not being around... asparagus always comes out first... berries mid summer.... root veggies and apples are towards the end.... I think that that makes the Markets great.. it changes up ones menu all summer long!Grass fed steaks... bakeries... and great flower stands are a few highlights placed here and there...Always a joy every Saturday morning! I can't wait for this season to start!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,7/6/2010,73,255,4,10,6>Hooray! We've finally, after 10 years in suburbia, found "our" pizza place!The crust, crispy and perfect.The "sah-sage" - homemade, and delish!The prices, eh....I'll pay for the quality.The service, excellent!It's a take out/delivery place only. But that's because they know what they can make their money on, and it's not paying for overhead when your pizza is the best thing in Bartlett!The last time I went there was last friday and I looked back in the kitchen and it really looks like a well oiled pizza factory. Try it, you'll love it. I promise!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,7/5/2010,123,413,1,5,3>I was in desperate need of a pub for the World Cup match with the US. vs. England. I had called every Irish pub/bar in the area. Believe it or not, no one really had any specials running for the day (or no one was willing to take the time to explain them). Then I called Quigley's and not only had WC specials but the manager (I believe his name was Chris) took the time to explain everything that was occurring during the tournament. That alone, made my decision for me. I knew where my ass would be come Saturday. Believe it or not, this was the first time I've ever been to a pub for breakfast. I was hoping to score the Irish breakfast, but at 8:30 in the morning there was only a limited menu available. Why was I there at 8:30 for a 1:30pm game? Because the place was almost filled by 9:30. Who knew people in America love soccer. I went with the corned beef hash and eggs. The hash was good but the eggs were a little runny. I could've ordered a pint at this point but c'mon I had to drive at some point. By noon time, we were ready for lunch. A Guinness BBQ burger and a pint of ol' Guinness was in order for me. The burger was really good and it was cooked just the way I wanted it. The Guinness was poured correctly and the crowd/atmosphere was awesome. Top that off with great service from the waitress and it was a blast for Saturday morning and afternoon. I have found a great pub for my World Cup viewing. After the tournament, I know I will be coming back here again as well.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,7/4/2010,13,145,3,6,5>Fine Thai is a great little (and I mean little!) place for Thai in the La Grange area.  My husband and I have been there numerous times and have yet to be disappointed.DISHES:-Drunken Noodles - perhaps their best dish.  It's as good as people say it is!-Basil Duck/Beef - this was a good dish but didn't have as much meat as I would have liked.  The flavor is spot on, but be ready for there to not be much meat in the dish.-Pad Thai (we've had chicken and shrimp) - on the high/better end of standard.  Good, classic flavor and a hefty portion.-Crab Rangoons - not the best I've had, but are good none the less.RESTAURANT:  TINY!  I would say don't bring a group there, but it's nice for 2-4. The ambiance is darling... it reeks of being a family run business in the best way. :]SERVICE = EXCELLENT!  Every time we're there, the servers, people who answer the phone, etc. are all very friendly and the food comes out in a timely fashion, fresh and piping hot.Overall, I would say try it out!  And if you like their food, do take-out.  That's our favorite b/c you save on tip! :]
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,7/3/2010,213,305,9,8,7>How did I get to age twenty-four without ever trying an Indian buffet?  Crazy, especially because I really like Indian food!  Whatevs, today was my first time, and Cuisine of India made me SO GLAD THAT I WAITED.My boyfriend and I went for lunch today, and I was craving some Chicken Tikka Masala.  Alas, the buffet was sans Chicken Tikka Masala today (prob because the management knows that fatties like me would eat it all).  I considered just ordering it off the menu, but everything in the buffet looked so good, and shouldn't I switch things up a little?  Good thing I did, or I wouldn't have had the big, crispy samosas, the rich, tasty Chicken Makhani, and the aromatic Rogan Josh (which I'd never had before!).  My boyfriend tried the Chilli Chicken, which was good, but incredibly spicy - my stuff was spicy too, but not too bad.  Oh, and did I mention that soup, naan, and Chicken Tikka were brought to our table?  Niiiiice.And the dessert was pretty great as well - the Gulab Jamun (cheesy donut-like balls in a sweet syrup) and Mango Kulfi (thick mango ice cream) were my favorites.  Shit, if I'd have known dessert was gonna be that good, I would have saved more room!  They also had Kheer, but I didn't take much since rice pudding isn't really my thing.  All of this for $9.95.  Yes, please.  The service was swift and sweet, and my water glass was never empty (a matter of vital importance when eating Indian food).  Marry me, Cuisine of India.  Marry me.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,7/2/2010,0,23,2,4,5>I will probably be a member of the MA until I die.  I really love this place.  I've been spending a lot of time in the Children's Garden lately.  I like that my son can't really get away because though there is a lot to see and do, the spaces are well-divided and enclosed.  One of the things I really like about the Children's Garden is that the plantings are adaptable to a home garden.  So, if I see a plant or tree I like, I can look at the tag, and see if my local nursery has it.  The real secret of the MA is the west side.  It's never very crowded and has a more intimate feel.  In the spring, one of the most wonderful places on earth is the Daffodil Glade.  Where else can you walk through a field of daffodils?  It's really magical.  I've also taken quite a few classes at the MA.  They have all been very informative, with great teachers, and engaged students.  I would highly recommend these classes for any home gardener.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,7/1/2010,8,101,5,5,3>Francesca's in Bolingbrook... it's like Julia Roberts and Lyle Lovett, but there it is. It's really Francesca's there... and it's 5-star food and service.I went on a Tuesday to celebrate the 39th of an extremely attractive young lady (thank you very much). Hey, you only get to celebrate your 39th once (wink), so it was a special occasion. Francesca's did her part with Tuesday being 1/2 off bottle of wine night. YOW!I'm not going into appetizer/dinner detail... it's Francesca's, pretty much just like in Chicago or Naperville or whatever. It's AMAZING! C'mon. The Bolingbrook location has a very nice decor (what restaurant used to be here, I can't even remember), and I'd say it's a little more relaxed than Naperville (surprise).Go Tuesday, and say "Hey" if you see me. If 1/2 off a bottle of wine is a great deal, then 1/2 off 2 bottles is like twice as good.glug glug... yow, bill
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,6/30/2010,43,217,4,7,4>I've back spaced a million times while trying to avoid sounding like a snob. I guess this is the best way to put it. There are two types of Italian places (and I like them both, usually) - you have your American Italian places, that aren't actually Italian at all, but rather an adaptation on the classics, and then there are actual Italian Restaurants (yeah, okay, I definitely prefer these). If you haven't figured it out, Lucca's gets 5 stars because they are one of the few actual Italian Restaurants. I'll start with the pizza just to get that out of the way, as it is called Lucca's Pizzeria. Delish! Authentic thin, crispy crust with fresh toppings. Simple and yummy. I opted for the pasta. The portion was huge, but I couldn't stop eating it! Again, fresh and simple like a good Italian dish should be. Splitting a bottle of wine left me a little wobbly on the way out, but again, definitely not sad. They had a wonderful wine list and getting a bottle was the only solution. The best part of all of this is that it is not snobby. No, not in the least. It is probably the smallest sit-down restaurant I have ever been to, but it was comfortable, cozy, and well done. I would definitely go here on a date or with some friends. It is not pretentious or overpriced, but still manages to be nice and upscale. I would suggest calling ahead. The staff is very understanding of their limited seating and will give you a fair interpretation of how long a wait might be for you. The girl I talked to on the phone was super nice and very honest. She said they had several tables at the moment, but would guaranteed be full within the hour. I showed up as fast as I could as the other 3 people in my party didn't seem to believe my claims about the limited seating, but when we showed up 45 minutes later, we were just able to snag the last table. I could see seating being a trouble sometimes, but I would not mind waiting around to be seated here at all.I don't think I can afford to go back to Italy any time soon, so for now I will stick close to places that can actually get it right. Lucca's definitely gets it right.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,6/29/2010,73,141,4,12,3>This is my favorite bubble tea place in the suburbs. It's about 15 minutes away from my house driving but it's all worth it. Their smoothies are phenomenal! My favorite is the Strawberry Dream, which is kind of like strawberries and cream but much better.. oh yes. The Mocha Banana is really good too however it gets boring after a few sips of it. The taste is kind of bland, in my opinion. Various fruit combos are all good too. The shakes taste fresh and they are delicious. Their tapioca balls are done just right MOST of the time, sometimes they are too hard or too soft, but it happens, we all make mistakes. Also, I have tried the frozen Jasmine bubble tea with tapioca, and it's really good, i recommend it as well.A funny thing that happened when I was there once, I wanted to try the Melon Ah smoothie, which according to the cashier lady it was the same as Strawberry Dream except with Melon instead, or honeydew or something. I wanted to try it. She was so good at convincing me NOT to try it that I decided against it. "Are you sure you want it? We dont take refunds.. Like seriously. Are you sure? It's like melon and milk..." So I didnt wanan argue with her anymore and just got something else. So apparently, the Melon Ah is not very good? Althought I'm still curious to see how it tastes like.The place is open late and it has a cute little area to hang out.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,6/28/2010,77,41,4,6,3>Chai Yo stands in the former space of Rosita's Mexican restaurant - one of my all-time favorite Mexican places. Sadly, near the peak of the recession, Rosita's said "Cerrados". It was a rough and tumble space, but the grub quality was strong. Chai Yo jumped on the space, and I am very happy to say that I have another quality Thai joint within 5 minutes from my abode. Chai Yo is a family business, and the proprietors represent how to give great customer service. They greet you with a smile, as well as a wave from the kitchen. BYOB is not readily available here, but CYT has a great wine and beer selection. I don't mind paying up for drinks because I enjoy the service here, as well as the food. Start with CYT's Tom Yum soup. The Thai version of hot n' sour soup is great - good kicks of vinegar and peppers will be keeping you reaching for a tasty Sing-ha lager to cool down. I'm a fiery hot green curry guy - and I highly recommend it with squid. Solid, not too thick, and the squid is freshly prepared. It's a nice flavor contrast, and, of course, you can vary your spice amount. If you want it sizzlin', get it "Thai Spicy". Finished the meal with sticky rice with mango, a great dish to cool you down after a nice chow. Again, I emphasize the customer service. It's the tipping point to make me a solid fan of Chai Yo. I'll be back soon.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,6/27/2010,176,176,2,9,7>First and foremost:BRING CASH! Or your checkbook. Credit cards are not accepted, but there is an ATM near the entry with a $60 cash limit.Nice little restaurant on North Avenue in West Chicago (the far west suburb) with good service and a friendly staff. The interior has a country feel to it and seats about 80 to 90 customers. The parking lot is small and may accommodate about 30 cars. I took a chance on going on a late Sunday morning, right before noon, and managed to be seated right away (table for two) in the already-full restaurant.I chose this restaurant for the pancakes, of course. I asked my server, who happened to be Rick the owner, if he'd recommend the blueberry pancakes or the cinnamon raisin pancakes. He suggested one cinnamon raisin and two blueberry pancakes so that I could try both. So that's what I ordered, and a side of bacon too. Both types of pancakes had the fruit mixed into the batter and tasted pretty good. Hot blueberries in the pancakes and hot blueberry compote made those pancakes even better.Three types of syrup were on the table: Maple, Strawberry and Boysenberry. After having the standard maple syrup on my cinnamon raisin pancakes, I tried the boysenberry syrup on the second half of my blueberry pancakes and immediately fell in love with the flavor. Good stuff. Boysenberry... I'm coming back for more!The grapefruit juice I ordered with my breakfast was excellent. I had to ask my server what brand of juice it was, simply because it was some of the best tasting grapefruit juice I've ever had. Not too tart, right amount of sweetness and hardly any pulp at all. He said their supplier is in Florida and guarantees fresh squeezed juice shipped within 3 to 4 days of juicing. It was really good and I'll probably try the fresh squeezed orange juice next time.I've really only been to the Olde North Pancake House for breakfast, but their menu has a lunch and dinner section too. A sign outside the restaurant notes their Friday Night Fish Fry special. I also saw a sign inside the restaurant noting an upcoming date when they will be serving pumpkin pancakes. So I guess it's hit or miss when pumpkin pancakes are available, but I definitely want to try those. Yes, I'll be back!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,6/26/2010,120,162,6,8,7>There is a painting in this restaurant that strongly resembles me or any woman in my family. Guess which one it is. I may or may not be offended. I've recently added Armand's to my abundant mental lists of pizza that I must consume at least monthly to maintain a balanced mind. Pizza cravings strike the hardest and I try my best to keep them under control, but every once in a while I'll neglect this need for a week or so and reap the consequences of my poor choice. Pizza has become a maintenance food for my appetite, but I still know what's just satisfying a craving and what truly means something to me--a special pizza, I will never forget. Armand's is for the suburban thin crust lover. Located right off the Elmhurst Metra stop, you'd have to force yourself to miss it. And please, remember to check for trains before prancing over. There really isn't much room for a customer being wheeled in on a stretcher as this restaurant can get very crowded on a Friday or Saturday night. The toppings are plentiful and fresh. Dig into a crispy pie embellished with roasted red peppers, zucchini, onions, and whatever else inspired your pizza outing.  I always treat myself to a veggie filled pizza and a side of fries.  Dipping fries in the sauce is not frowned upon here. I have tried and succeeded many times without any funny looks.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,6/25/2010,83,281,3,4,3>Sushi at your selection and price point all on the convenience of it being delivered on a nonstop conveyor belt, who could ask for anything more? This place was great in terms of concept and atmosphere. As soon as we walked in the workers cheered as if they were happy for more customers. It wasn't only because we were so dashingly good looking, they did it for everyone. Contrary to some other reviews, the restaurant was not jam packed. We were sat right away right on the bar next to some other sushi-loving patrons. Seeing California Rolls and Cream Puffs come strolling by via conveyor was something I thought I'd be against, but it was really cool to choose what I ate by price per plate. Simply open the window as the plate comes by, pull it out, eat it up and stack your plates as you go. When you're finished a nearby server adds up the total and you pay up front. How easy is that? No one bothered us, they were around if we needed anything and we ate a whole lot for a small price tag, as it pertains to sushi. The thing to note is - the sushi isn't the best. It's alright, but you have no idea how long it's been going round and round on the belt. Has it been there 10 minutes or 10 hours? I don't know. People are constantly making new sushi behind the counter. The overall feeling is, you get what you pay for. We wanted a casual, easy-to-eat, enjoyable experience for a good price and that's exactly what we received. Decent sushi in a unique way at a great price. I plan to go back often and bring new people each time I go so they too can enjoy sushi strolling on by on a conveyor belt.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,6/24/2010,364,363,8,7,6>It's hard for me to objectively review a Mexican establishment since all Mexican food eaten anywhere but in my parent's kitchen is automatically inferior to what comes out of my parent's kitchen. But then again, my parent's kitchen never had a bazillion parrots hanging from the ceiling, so La Hacienda De Roselle wins in the kitsch department, hands down. The food is decent. The salsa was okay but I guess my familial prejudice prevented me from seeing what all the fuss was about. The mango margaritas were yummy but pretty weak, and this is coming from an extreme lightweight when it comes to alcohol. I ordered a Combinacion Cuatro. My half of a ribeye steak was perfectly grilled, juicy and tender. The cheese chile relleno was cold though, and the cheese enchilada was just sort of meh. I most definitely wished I had just ordered a full ribeye steak because that was the part of the combination platter I really enjoyed. I ate my fried banana, and my sis-in-law's too. Hey, don't judge me. So why am I giving 4 stars to a place where I describe the food as only decent? Oh come on man, the freakin' PARROTS. How could one NOT break out in a huge grin looking at those things? The ambiance is definitely kick-ass. The live entertainment was a nice touch, although the guy didn't have enough songs in his repertoire and sang the spanish version of "Just the Way You Are" twice while we were there. Also a huge bonus factor was how they fit in our party of 8 on a Saturday night with no reservation. And, my coat was checked for free and my chair was held out for me, little touches like that go a long way in making me happy!
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,6/22/2010,4739,1870,25,27,24>This Ho is Hot for Horrorbles!First off, word up to my gal KT for renting out the Gallerie Des Terrors for her b-day party (actually, her B-Day is today so Happy Birthday, KT). The Gallerie des Terrors is actually the basement of the building and it's filled with lots of giant monster replicas, animal skeletons, monkey paws, monster pop art, an amazing spider baby, a 16 seater movie theater, and my personal fave, a portrait of my main man, Eddie Gein... swoon. The movie theater was so rockin' that I'm having a hard time putting it into words. I can tell you that next year I'm going to steal KTs b-day idea and rent out the theater for my B-Day. Hell, maybe I'll even rent it out for my anniversary. I'm not a scary movie person since I was traumatized as a child watching the Dark Crystal but for my gal KT, I'd watch just about anything. We watched Drag Me To Hell. Gross old lady make outs with lots of pus and a baby little kitten getting killed  made this movie something I would NEVER watch on my own but the movie theater made it awesome and I always have the free will to cover my eyes when something horrible is about to happen to a kitten. The store upstairs is so rock star, I almost don't want to tell you about it. If this store were in the city, there'd be a line around the block to get in. In fact, we asked if there was anything like it in the Chi and found out that besides this location in Berwyn, the only place you'll find a shop like this is in NYC. Another fun aspect of Horrorbles is that they offer a variety of different classes throughout the month so you can learn how to do latex and gore make-up among other things. The owner was so cool, parking was easy peasy, and the fun/spooky factor is through the MFing roof. I'm sooo going back to get this gold bat bracelet and maybe the Ed Gein portrait too. Boo! to you if you don't make it out to Horrorbles.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,6/21/2010,174,261,6,8,6>Oh Paciugo (drooling like Homer Simpson), you are what dreams are made of on a hot summer day.  I love your rich creamy ways and your bizarre flavors...black pepper and olive oil...caramel sea salt...Bailey's and cream...coconut.  I appreciate the non-dairy options you offer as well, lemonade and raspberry sorbet.  I love that you let me taste all 30 flavors before I make up my mind and how I can get several flavors in one serving at no extra charge.I hate you for interfering with my good intentions to diet and how you somehow draw me in whenever I walk my dog or bike ride within a one block radius.  It's okay.  I forgive you because you are sooo worth it!Oh, I also love how I keep finding coupons for you in my Clipper mag.  Thanks for providing me with happiness in a cup or cone!
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,6/20/2010,287,787,9,7,6>My Dad is a huge fan of this place, My Mom says it's not worth it. Lets let the daughter decide who is right! My husband is the one that actually introduced me to Vietnamese food years ago so he's always looking for a good bowl of Pho or Bun. We shared the following order: fresh spring-rolls, Bun--rice noodles with fresh cilantro, shredded cucumber, bean sprouts and choice of meat--we chose pork and fried spring-rolls and a bowl of steamy Pho--beef broth and rice noodles--we chose meatballs for this one. The appetizer spring-rolls were pretty good. Fresh shrimp, pork, rice vermicelli and vegetables. The rice paper wrapper was a little bit chewy but the rolls didn't fall apart when you bit into it--to me,a mark of a perfectly rolled springrolll! The Bun was tasty too--the pork was tender and very flavorful and the pieces of fried spring-roll added a nice crunch. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the sweet fish sauce you can add to it added a bit of sweet/salt. The Pho was wonderful--this was my favorite. Served with the usual items on the side--bean sprouts, jalapeno pepper, basil. The broth was clear and fragrant. The rice vermicelli was cooked perfectly and not overdone. The meatballs were tasty--they're not your italian style meatballs, these are chewy, kind of spongy--really meaty. The portions are huge--we couldn't finish our meal. Service was good--friendly and attentive. It's a small place--nothing special about the decor. Chopsticks and soup spoons are already on the table along with the different sauces you might need. The only thing I'd take a pass at next time is the Vietnamese coffee. It was not very tasty. But the coconut bubble drink we took to-go definitely made up for it. So to wrap up, I think my Dad wins this round. Sorry Mom! We'll be back here for sure!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,6/19/2010,72,523,3,5,2>Yes, we really did wait 2 1/2 hours to be seated...and it was mostly worth it......We arrived just before 6 pm and the place was PACKED....it is little...but it was PACKED and there were tons of people walking over to it. Told the wait would be 2 hours we gave our cell phone and headed down to Stockholms to have some drinks and pass the time.About 8:15 pm we decided just to walk over and see if we could "force" our way in...but in the two blocks the phone rang and they said our table was ready.We arrived and it was "almost" ready.....small bar with probably 8 seats, it was lively with loud music going....reminds of a trendy NY spot...small with the table close to each other...but with a GREAT "vibe"..... and lights are very dim (hard to read menu)I would guess there is no more than 16 tables in the place, but there are two clean/large bathrooms and service was excellent. Only downside was that we were seated somewhere around 8:30 pm and they close at 10 pm.The drinks from the bar are small, but EXCEPTIONAL with fresh squeezed juice, and just enough alcohol to be stiff, but great tasting!!!The food is an experience by itself, I didn't have any of the guac or the ceviche del mes, but everyone at the table LOVED them. The entrees are all tacos, and they served us with 8 (one for each) at a time. I thought the beef and pork tacos were the best, and I didn't really like the shark. I am not a tapas guy at all, but I will admit the food was something interesting and special.Service was perfectly spaced between the different tacos, and drinks and water were constantly full, while the plates were cleared between each "course". It was easy to have conversation and really fun. Only thing I didn't like was the folding chair I had to sit on.Place is always packed and it should be. It is a MUST DINE experience!!!!!2 ceviche del mes 17.902 guacamole trad 13.902 tacos est playa 21.902 pescadillas 17.902 tacos arrachera 17.902 tacos al pastor 17.901 tacos pescado 9.95 (there are actually 4 mini tacos)2 esquites 5.902 arroz poblano 5.904 pear mojito 43.804 mojito 35.8012 traditional (marg) 95.401 tomatesta 10.95Subtotal - $315.10service - 63.01Total - $401.76 **Its funny because the tacos are really small, the drinks are fairly expensive, but I was full (and very happy) after spending $100 per couple -- maybe because the margs were so good!!!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,6/18/2010,28,82,4,4,3>I was pretty impressed with this place!After hearing my boss rant and rave about Francesca's for months I decided to stop in and try it.We lucked out because the place was jammed packed on a Saturday night and we were originally told it was a 30 min wait and we were seated in 10 min. Next time we will make reservations!The place is beautifully decorated and it houses a small bar in the corner. The lighting is dim for a more romantic feeling, and the service was great.The reason I gave this place 4 stars rather than 5 is because the seating is ridiculously cramped together. Where we sat it was basically one long booth against a wall with the tables and chairs in front of it. So you can imagine trying to squeeze in between the tables to get to the booth. This poor guy who was seated next to us had to squeeze in between our table and his and almost pulled the table cloth right off our table. I think they need to redesign the place as far as seating goes..but other than that it was a wonderful experience.We ordered the Calamari for an appetizer and it was very good. Lightly breaded not as heavy as most restaurants and the marinara sauce was fab! For the main dish I ordered their Shrimp and Scallop mixed with a zesty tomatoe sauce on a bed of angel hair pasta. OMG it was delicious!! Everything complimented each other. It was amazing. I can't wait to go back and try the other pastas they were offering! They all sounded so yummy!  :)
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,6/17/2010,143,203,7,8,8>'Would you wike a nooooooodewwwww???'This is what the Asian flight attendant whispered in my boyfriend's ear on his flight back to Chicago from China.  The trip that sent him on a nearly eternal quest for a GOOD bowl of beef noodles anywhere in the greater Chicago area.After trying a few places that all fell flat... we hit Google hard and learned of Katy's.  We decided to make the trip out to Westmont on this cold, uber dreary February day.Worth the drive, the gas, and the toll both ways.We both ordered the beef noodles and got an order of dumplings.  BF took one bite and said... 'OH YEAH.  This is it.'   We sat and savored our steamy bowls and left feeling a little more chipper than when we had entered (and with substantially less sinus congestion, too).So... if you are looking for the most authentic spicy beef noodle bowl in town, Katy has your dish.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,6/16/2010,148,174,1,6,4>There is no better spot in all the west suburbs in my opinion.Great food, great beers (both their own and great guest beers), and a great staff.First the food:Every single appetizer is good. So good its often hard to choose just one, so going with a group can be great so you can work around the menu a bit. The nachos (chicken or pork) are the greatest nachos on planet earth and I often just get as a meal to myself. Gabe has a nice selection of hot sauces always available to go with them if you're into that kind of thing. They have various soups of the day but my personal favorite is the cream of mushroom. WOW, different than most mushroom soups but it is great. As far as the main course goes there is quite a bit to choose from and I pretty much like it all. Highlights for me would be the pizza (its great with feta), the meat loaf, the pulled pork (I like to get this with extra BBQ, and the various tap house burgers. Everything always just tastes incredibly fresh and I think they use mostly organic ingredients.The beer:Personally I don't have a visit to 2 Bros. without having a Cain & Ebel. Very original in style and taste and it simply great. Hoppy but not too hoppy, sweet but not too sweet, and plenty of kick to it while going down smoothly. If you haven't been to 2 Brothers or had their beers before I recommend getting a flight so as to sample all of their year round beers, it is only $5 and definitely worth it. (if you come for a tour you can try 3 for free) Out of their seasonals I'm partial to their Heavy (and Heavier) Handed, Hop Juice, Northwind Imperial Stout, Outlaw IPA, and Red Eye Porter. Their guests beer selection is very good too. (both domestic craft as well as imported) The staff is very good at suggesting different beers per your tastes. Most often when having the guest beers I end up either drinking Ska Modus Hoperandi or something from Green Flash Brewing.The staff:I love the staff there. They've really helped me find great beers and also find great things on the menu. We've become such regulars that they've even contacted us to reserve us spots for special events and things like that. Gabe the manager is always very helpful and accommodating of whatever requests we've been able to come up with. Even with the great food and beer its the staff that really keeps us coming back so often.The atmosphere:Personally this is my kind of place. No neon Miller signs everywhere or Nascar banners. If you're looking for a sports bar keep looking (though they do have sports on the TVs in the bar area). This is a different kind of experience. Very casual and fun and almost every time we sit at the bar we strike up a conversation with some strangers. Its very open and friendly and I very much like the crowd that frequents the place. Ages of folks there can vary from 0 to 100 depending on the day or the hour.Bottom line is they've gotten it all right here: food, beer, service, and atmosphere.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,6/15/2010,93,118,2,7,3>Let me just state first of all, I was born and raised in Chicago. I am asian. I have eaten at China town and I know where argyle is.With that being said, I love this place. I moved to the suburbs a few years back and have always said to myself, "I will never find food in the suburbs like I have in Chicago". Nonetheless, find ANYTHING like I did in Chicago. I went here when my mom wanted some PHO and I didn't want to drive her all the way to argyle just to get some pho (we lived in buffalo grove at the time). So I "googled" pho in various northwest suburbs and came up to this place and decided to give it a shot. We came up to the place and immediately thought "WOW! This place HAS to be good!". Remember, we've eaten pho in Chicago. Usually those places aren't that nice looking either. We ordered the house pho and some watermelon bubble shakes and were immediately in LOVE! We loved it so much that we've moved to Lincolnshire, Mount Prospect, Palatine, Arlington heights, and STILL go to this place for food. Great prices. The guys are great once they remember who you are. I have tried almost everything on their menu and can say I haven't been disappointed yet. I've been eating there for over 4 years now and am still extremely happy every time I go there.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,6/14/2010,79,108,4,7,7>I met Dino and his wife while visiting by myself and was well welcomed.  Very friendly. I ate a delicious hamburger with bacon and a fried egg on a pretzel roll.  I almost finished it but hearing of the guy who completed their eating challenge of 5 patties and a half order of fries made me feel like a failure for not eating one.  The food was delish. I also feel like a butt for forgetting his wife's name, Elaina.  She said she sucks at making cocktails unless it's easy like whiskey + soda.  She makes them good regardless. Atmosphere was ordinary and I couldn't imagine those quarters being jam-packed with people but they are very popular by the view of the full parking lot. I was there on a slow Saturday but I will go back every chance I get. Highly recommend.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,6/13/2010,43,121,6,9,4>Sushi Mono gives the north side of Wheaton a nice Japanese restaurant with decent prices.Their focus is definitely on sushi. Most of their menu consists of maki, nigiri and sashimi. They don't have bento boxes and their kitchen entrees aren't distinctly Japanese (ie. filet mignon or lobster soaked in butter).But if you're interested in going to town on some sushi, you've come to the right spot. They offer various sushi combinations: the one I opted for allowed me to pick two classic makis and one special roll. I choose California, Soft Shell Crab and their King Kong roll (fried spicy tuna, crab and shrimp tempura with unagi sauce). I then entered a copacetic sushi coma for a relatively competitive price of $25.The sushi was well-prepared and tasted fresh. I was also very impressed with the presentation on all of my party's dishes.The few downsides I saw was that they were very stingy on their miso soup. It was served in what seemed like a little girl's doll bowl. You may be able to get a larger serving if you used a dental cup. The other was their hours: a group of us went for a weekday dinner. We were having a good time but they close up right at 9:00 PM. I know Wheaton residents slink back into their homes and/or churches at 4:00 in the afternoon but a 9:00 curfew is pretty brutal for normal people, especially if you're having fun.Other than that, this place is great. The decor is classy and modern. Add that to good sushi and you can't complain too much. I'm just glad that I won't have to travel to Naperville or Carol Stream every time for my sushi fix.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,6/12/2010,49,309,4,6,4>This place is a great place for dinner with friends--fancy style. It's a romantic place for couples, but when ordering tapas, I feel that life is so much richer when shared with friends (and your love).We went with two friends on a Wednesday evening and sat in the room on the right. It's a converted home/mansion and is really elegant. There were plenty of people there for a Wednesday! It was recommended by our friends who had previously been there.The exterior was full of gardens and a ballroom looking structure. It's obvious that the place is used a lot for weddings and other events. If I were getting married (again, that'll never happen... best husband ever!), I'd absolutely look into having my reception at this gorgeous location.The sangria were a bit weak. The fruit was small and I wouldn't consider it to be the best I've experienced... though I didn't even order one. They bought a pitcher for the table, but I only ate the tiny slivers of fruit from my husband's glass. The tapas were awesome. I think the amount was reasonable. We ordered about 2 tapas per person... about 1 cold and one hot. I also had the gazpacho which was excellent. I'm a vegetarian, so I had the spicy potatoes (hot), grilled vegetables + asparagus (cold) and the meat eaters had a variety of other items including a Spanish cheese/fruit plate. Overall, we were really pleased and content at the end of our meal. It's nice eating slowly as you go... that super full sensation just doesn't exist!I'd highly recommend this place. I'm excited to go back in a few months.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,6/11/2010,136,719,5,9,5>An awesome, huge, delicious Mexican restaurant on the river in Aurora. Parking is off of Broadway.Try the table-side guacamole or salsa--as spicy or mild as you want it. They have a full bar and array of traditional Mexican beverages (horchata, jamaica, fresh juices, etc.).Delicious meat and seafood offerings from a range of regions, as well as traditional Am-Mex dishes such as burritos and nachos.They have a great party space on the top floor, which really grooves when being rented. Mariachis do their rounds on weekends, livening up the already buzzing restaurant.Great array of desserts as well, featuring flan and pastel de tres leches.Truly an awesome restaurant with a very comprehensive menu. Something for everyone!Oh yeah! The burritos aren't the only things as big as your head...so are the fantastic margaritas!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,6/10/2010,58,191,4,5,4>I was here this past weekend for a private party for work, so we had the upstairs private room and my experience was great.When I got there it was super packed....literally every table was full (8:00 on a Saturday night). They directed me upstairs, past some teens in prom attire (pre-prom dinner I assume), and into the private room, complete with an electric (?) fireplace, flat screen TV, and bar.Let me start off by saying I can't speak to the prices of anything...this was a work party and everything was paid for by the company. I did see the appetizer menu they faxed to us that listed some prices, but I'm not sure if that's what we actually got. Even that menu seemed decently priced - a little on the expensive side, but for a nice restaurant like Ivy, not at all unreasonable.Now, to the food and drinks.We had pre-purchased a certain number of drinks for the 20-some people we had, so yay for drinking on the company dime :) Their wine list is pretty extensive, but being the huge wine novice I am, I had no idea what I was doing. Therefore, I went to the martini menu - something that will never let me down.While they don't have nearly the selection of martinis as some places (say, Blu, which is now called Futami or something, a sushi and martini bar in downtown Evanston), the martinis they do have are phenomenal. Again, I can't speak to the price - I don't have a clue. I had the keylime martini, which I had never tried anywhere before. Oh. My. God. It was delicious. I honestly could not taste any of the liquor, but I got a decent buzz so it was definitely there. It actually tasted like keylime pie. Definitely going to try to recreate this one. Some of my coworkers also had martinis, both the Sunkissed (or something like that) and the French Dream varieties...everyone seemed pleased. We were also served a variety of appetizers that we could pick and choose from. The crabcakes were great - not too fishy, soft but perfectly flaky. The shrimp skewers were PHENOMENAL, but very spicy. Their bruschetta was also insanely good, although instead of tomatoes they used roasted bell peppers. It was an interesting twist, but I really liked it. The balsamic vinaigrette (or whatever it was) they drizzled on the bruschetta was a perfect way to top it off. I also tried the spinach artichoke dip on their ginormous pita chips (delish), and friend calamari - this was the first time I've ever had fried calamari, and while it was weird, I think I liked it. It was perfectly fried and not too rubbery, which was great - the tentacles just freaked me out a little.  Then they brought out dessert....an assortment of little custard-like dishes. I tried two of the three - a vanilla bean custard/creme brulee with blackberries, raspberries, and strawberry slices on top, which was perfectly sweet, and the keylime pie in a dish (perfect to bookend my meal between keylime martinis and keylime pie). The pie was insanely rich, but so good. The only one I didn't try was the chocolate mousse, although I probably should have given it a shot.Overall it was a great experience, and I would love to come back here and try dinner in their dining room. The service was great too...there was only a limited selection of drinks at the bar in the upstairs private room, but the waitress was more than willing to go downstairs to make us our special order drinks, bring up different liquor, etc. They were also very on top of bringing out the food, explaining what everything was, etc. The only thing that was a little weird is that they seemed to be rushing us out a bit at the end, when they started turning off the candle lights in the hanging lanterns and rearranging the tables while we were still all chatting, especially considering that their bar is open until at least after midnight, if not later, and this was barely 11:00. Again, I had a great experience and would love to come back. I've never been anywhere in downtown Wheaton before (funny, since I work only a few blocks from this place), and I was really impressed with everything around it. Parking is super easy, and free, in a garage just behind the building (3 or 4 hour parking, depending on the spot).
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,6/9/2010,907,149,5,5,4>OMG. This place, is heaven. Culinary heaven. I'd never been to a Crepe restaurant, and bear in mind, this is NOT all that is on the menu. A colleague suggested this place for lunch and I was wowed. The atmosphere is lovely. Very spacious and nicely decorated inside, like a bistro atmosphere. We sat outside on the front patio area (there is also a back patio area as well). The service was VERY good, attentive, knowledgeable, friendly, timely and yet not overbearing and annoying. I had the Croque Madame. I'm just gonna say it. Serious Foodgasm. Seriously. OMG. Look at my picture. I couldn't even touch the "pom frites" because I inhaled that entire sandwich. The bread was so light and fluffy- to die for. Cappuccino with perfect froth and a little side of chocolate bar.....lovely little touches everywhere. My colleague had a crepe and said it was outstanding! They have an extensive wine list- extensive and live music Thursdays and Fridays in the evening. Also brunch on Sundays. Count me in as a regular now. And add two more workouts to my week to make up for it! LOL
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,6/8/2010,55,53,8,8,7>"I'd bathe in this olive oil""No, no!  Get the HOT giardinera!""Oh my god, FEEL this bread.""Wait...wait...CHOCOLATE cheese?!" - "Oh yeah.  Cut it up and put it out and no one will know it's cheese, they think it's fudge"This is the first farmer's market to open in the burbs and I couldn't be happier!!!  It was rainy and the first day of the market so I know there weren't as many vendors as usual especially when it gets further into the season but what a great atmosphere. We went to just check it out and ended up spending all our cash.   There's a MUCH closer farmer's market but this one is always the first to open in April (out of all the burbs) and it's just a great time.  I can't wait until it blows up in a couple weeks - I'm all over the cheese so watch out people!
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,6/7/2010,37,247,3,11,8>My husband and I got married at Eaglewood this past Labor Day.  We trusted our rehearsal dinner, ceremony, reception, overnight accommodations, and post-wedding brunch to Eaglewood.  Planning a wedding was a horribly taxing process, but I know it would have been a hundred times worse if it weren't for the Eaglewood staff.  Though our contact changed FOUR times, our big day ended up in the hands of Maureen.  She did an absolutely fantastic job organizing and overseeing everything.  The banquet captain, Mike, was incredibly accommodating and on his toes the whole evening.  Because of Eaglewood's inclusive wedding packages everything came together beautifully and with relative ease.  Maureen and Mike acted like day-of wedding planners and took care of so much so my husband and I could just enjoy the moment.  I'm very happy we picked Eaglewood.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,6/5/2010,363,708,4,4,4>In our continuing efforts to try every pizza place within a 5-mile radius of home, we went with some take-out from Aurelio's.My husband arrived home with a large cheese thin-crust that was a little cool in one corner and had that "cheese has just started to get cold" look about it. (This cannot be blamed on Aurelio's, but rather, Lake St traffic.)And yet it was one of the more delicious thin crusts I have had in recent memory. The crust was crispy around the edges and had a great flavor; the sauce, while just a hair on the sweet side, had plenty of savory to it; and the cheese was delicious, plentiful, and actually broke when you bit into it. (It is a minor pet peeve of mine when you take a bite of pizza and all of the cheese comes with it.)The rest of their menu is large and varied, and I'd like to dine in or at least try an appetizer or two, but honestly, it will be hard to resist the pizza, which is currently up there with Home Run Inn as my favorite thin crust in the area.=====================11/1/10:We've now eaten in and tried a few different things. The atmosphere is sort of odd, a mash-up of Chicago history, random old ads, and red-and-white checked stuff.We started with their focaccia appetizer, which was different and delightful -- crispy bread stuffed with cheese and basil and served with a sweet, thick sauce for dipping. We moved on to a stuffed cheese pizza, which probably wouldn't be my first choice again, if only because there wasn't much sauce on it and the top crust got lost and turned into kind of a mess. It was good overall, and I definitely appreciated the "handle" part of the crust, which had a nice light crispiness to it and wasn't overly bready or thick. But I wonder if their version of deep dish has more/chunkier sauce.I'd certainly be willing to eat it again, and try more of their menu, but as far as I'm concerned their thin crust is where it's at.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,6/4/2010,105,217,5,9,5>I guess it's finally time for me to review Duke's.  I was not a big fan of the Duke O'Briens of yesteryear, but now that they have fancied up the place, it has become my favorite watering hole (complete with delicious food).  My husband and I go there whenever our fridge is barren, and I don't feel like cooking.  Even though we are both meat eaters, we both think Meatless Mondays are great.  We both had very tasty dinners for a total of only $12 last time we went!!  I highly suggest their grilled vegetable flatbread pizza.  It is topped with an entire salad!  I know it sounds weird, but it's delicious!  We're also big fans of their beer selection.  They offer beer tastings, so you can get a little adventurous and try new things.  Give it a try one weeknight when you want a quiet meal, or one Sunday when your parents are in town, or on a Saturday night when they have some great live music!  (My favorite is the band, Barefoot Fred).  My only complaint is the attitude of the bartenders.  They kind of act like frat boys.  In a place where they praise organic foods, local farms, and hippie music, I'd expect some more laid-back bartenders.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,6/3/2010,25,16,4,7,6>I've heard rumblings about this place and have even driven by it a few times here and there over the last couple of years. Yet I never stopped. It just looked so *meh*, built into an old house kinda stuck along the side of a relatively busy street just barely east of downtown Naperville.But today I made myself stop there. I had to see if it was worth the hype.Oh was it.As soon as I stepped in, the owner greeted me and treated me like an old friend. He explained his menu to me and started handing me samples of his soups (Beef Barley and White Bean Rosemary today) asking me to enjoy them while he assembled my Italian sub sandwich. Then I looked in his cooler to find a bunch of different custards... all made in house. I bought a small container of the orange dreamsicle that the owner told me would make me feel like I was lost in an orange grove the second I open it.Hold on.Okay, he's not joking.My mother joined me there a little later to eat and she had a slider burger, which was actually larger than a full-size McDonald's burger. She also got their seasoned steak fries with homemade bleu cheese dipping sauce. Damn!The entire time I was there, he was engaging me in conversation, telling me how his foods are made and how he always orders the best ingredients possible. This was more than evident in the salmon salad. It was an 8 ounce slab of salmon on top of a bed of ridiculously fresh greens.Yeah, you'd swear I was an employee hyping this place. Nope, just someone who's sure to return.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,6/2/2010,29,92,4,8,4>I decided to try Balducci's after reading the fab Yelp reviews.  I was VERY impressed. It is a cozy little restaurant great for both a romantic date or a family dinner. It was dimly lit and had a pretty glow throughout. Frank Sinatra crooned us as we pondered over the wine list.We decided to try some appetizers (bonus, they were 1/2 off the night we were there!) We got the bruschetta (very good) and the Funghi Portabella (excellent, mouth watering, savory, couldn't get enough!) we were so full we swore that we would only eat 1/2 our dinners at that! But, they were so good as well we cleaned our plates.The service was beyond par. We cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,6/1/2010,30,52,4,4,4>This is my new go-to place!  Can't wait to take my out of town family and friends there.  My foodie BFF and I went for dinner and were totally dazzled - can't wait to go back and try lunch there.  It's like Panera, only better in every regard - friendlier and more attentive service and food that is simply amazing.BFF and I went splitsies on everything , but you would think with the amount of food that they gave us that we had each ordered our own.  Check it: huge chopped salad (there were leftovers!) and a great pizza (we had the tart flambe, with bacon and carmelized onions), plus a slice of chocolate risotto cake for less than $30.  We both waddled out as happy (completely stuffed) patrons and now, reading the reviews on Yelp, I can't wait to go back to try one of their burgers!My burning question while I was at La Briola was WHY HAVE I NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE?  Now I realize, as I write this Yelp review - I wish I could keep it a secret so that it stays so good!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,5/31/2010,252,423,3,7,4>This is one of my new favorites!  I'm only bummed my husband and I waiting so long to try them...Our waiter was AWESOME!  Attentive but not overly so with a great sense of humor.We tried the beer flight and they have some tasty brews indeed!  My husband had the Monte Cristo sandwich which was great.  Came with sweet potato fries and a blueberry ketchup.  Yes, blueberry ketchup, and it rocks!  I had the Fish & Chips which were delicious as well.  It came with this wonderful apple and bacon slaw, hushpuppies (love them!), and they're regular fries which are good as well.We were too stuffed to try dessert but they sounded darn good.Loved the atmosphere, food and the people.  We did come for a very early dinner since we skipped lunch (3:45 p.m. or so) so the place wasn't too busy at the time.  I imagine they are pretty busy on Friday and Saturday nights.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,5/30/2010,15,107,1,6,5>Things that make going to the horse races fun.1. There are races all afternoon. You can walk in any time, watch as many races as you'd like, and leave any time.2. There's a race about every 1/2 hour. The horses make it around the track in less than 2 minutes. The rest of the time you can chat w/friends, walk around, look at the horses scheduled to run in the next race, eat, etc. and you won't be missing a thing.3. They know how to use technology. You can watch the race on the big screen. They replay the race in case you missed it. The odds and pay outs are posted, just to name of few things.4. Anything can happen. I've seen the favorite come in last and the long shot come in first. There's always a chance the horse you pick will win.5. Never bet on a horse race? The program explains everything and there are also helpful employees who will answer your questions.Arlington Park is a beautiful clean track. The Union Pacific North West line of the Metra stops right at the track. The park website lists specials (I got $2 off admission by printing my own ticked today.) Great fun for the whole family. They often have things for the kids to do.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,5/29/2010,850,1294,4,6,5>It is no secret that I am a meatetarian and it takes a lot for anything else to impress me. Veg Harvest Cafe could be the place that would make me go vegetarian... almost. They probably won't, but I would return here happily and fully intend to bring my vegetarian friend and use her as an excuse for abandoning my beloved beef.They are the yin to Indian Harvest's yang. Veg Harvest is 100% vegetarian friendly. There isn't an ounce of meat in the entire restaurant. It shocked me at first, because their sign for the strip mall still calls them Indian Harvest and I was in the mood for chicken makhani. I almost left to go to their sister restaurant, but I was lazy and hungry.There was only one guy working and he was very helpful. He explained the type of food they serve and asked me if I was familiar with Indian food and what dishes I normally eat. I decided on the pakora, spicy Indian soup and a mango lassi to go. It was ready in no time and smelled amazing.Their spicy Indian soup is quite spicy; however, it is the type of spicy that warms the soul and doesn't burn your tongue. It was a light broth with a ton of cilantro and various spices. I'm sick and it cleared my sinuses right up. I wish there had been more.Pakora was pretty good. I wasn't a huge fan of the fried cauliflower, but the red sauce made it much better. Their cilantro sauce is hot, hot, hot. But the spinach balls were amazing! Same can be said for the ginormous mango lassi that I lapped up in no time.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,5/28/2010,239,635,6,5,5>OMG ~ I have died and gone to Paczki heaven.  If you do not know what a Paczki is then you have been spending your Fat Tuesdays in the wrong place.If you live anywhere in the area, work with someone who takes the train, or just know the best Paczki come from this bakery, next year place your order and spend the day covered in powdered sugar, beats the ashes you'll be wearing the next day.  I do recommend that you preorder because within an hour of opening, they had already sold out of one of the 25 varieties they offer.Paczki on Paczki Day are becoming what chocolate is to Valentine's Day and what pumpkin pie is to Thanksgiving.  Get the picture?There is a line, but really, it moves quickly and I was out in less than 10 minutes with my boxes of goodies.Word of warning ~ place boxes in trunk of car or somewhere else out of reach or someone might just be missing their preordered favorite (wiping powdered sugar from face and brushing off clothes).
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2010,5/27/2010,98,172,5,7,4>I came to this place kind of by accident...Not only have we been living across the street from this place, but only came about it when we met up with some family on Mother's Day.We walked in and my first immediate thought of the place was that it looked like a cabin. I wasn't sure if that was the exact vibe this place was trying to give off but how could I not?  It was built with logs on the inside, the tables and chairs were heavy and looked like it belonged in a restaurant on a ranch, and the food was very "soul-ish".  Service was weird...You stand in line (like you would at McD's) and there is only one stand = one register so the line got quite long. You place an order and exit to the side where you wait to pick it up. No, it's not like Portillo's where you would have the luxury of 3+ registers and 30+ workers in back to get your meal out like the speed of light.  We waited...and waited for a good 15-20 minutes before our meal was placed on the counter. Not a long wait considering most sit down places take about the same time or even longer.  Boyfriend and I had shard a full slab of ribs with cornbread and coleslaw.  Ribs were FANTASTIC! We were recommended to get it since this place was known for it, but you know how most places would recommend things and they turn out to be alright or just shot down? This place....granted it's not like ribs at TGI Fridays, but there sauce was so good. Ribs were drenched in sauce and there was still extra sauce on the ribs as well. The coleslaw was bland and had no taste whatsoever, but who cares.  You don't go to a restaurant to try out their coleslaw right? the cornbread... WOW ...wonderful. I don't think I even took a breath of air when I first let that wonderful taste ooze in my mouth.  Once you devour your food, a bus boy/girl comes to clear your table. I'm not quite sure what you would do...do you tip? No one really serviced you but a one-time buser that took away your baskets of food trays.We'd go here again and the best part is....it's across the street from us! I'd recommend to try this place and get the ribs. :)
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,5/26/2010,971,2260,6,13,9>The Golden Steer is "old school" all the way.  In business for 40 years in the same location, there is little about this place that has changed since the 70's.Located on a street corner in Forest Park, the Golden Steer is the size of a small neighborhood bar.  As you walk in the door- close your eyes for a minute to let them adjust to the dim light in the place- as there is not a window in sight.  And look out- as servers and bussers will be "zooming" by you as you try to make yourself invisible as you wait for your table.  I opted to stand by the bar while my dining companion "hid" in the coat closet.We were seated within 15 minutes, by "Carol", a hostess who looks and acts like she's been doing this for a long time.  This lazy supper club got a shot in the arm as it was recently featured on "Check Please" which has sent droves of people to sample their fare.  The regulars are greeted by name, while the newcomers are thanked and genuinely asked to return.If you can get a seat (we went early around 6pm) and the place was already hopping, you are in for a cheap meal of some pretty good food.On Saturday- they have a prime rib special.  Now while not a huge fan of prime rib- how could I turn it down for it was a steal!  For $23.95 you get a crock of french onion soup (so much cheesey goodness you'll want more!) a salad of mostly iceburg lettuce (eh not so good) and then the glorious prime rib with your choice of potato (Perfectly cooked and the baked potato was so loaded with sour cream and butter it almost tasted mashed!)Our server had to be in her late 60's and she told us she had worked there for 22 years!  I can just imagine that her and the "other girls" that keep this place running have got many a story to tell.The decor is old and tired but it's just part of it's quirky charm..  I can't remember the last time I saw mirrors and timber on walls and vertical louvered panel room dividers.  But at the Golden Steer- it's just as much of the "ambiance" as are the "longhorns" hanging over the kitchen.    I even got to watch as the owner helped one of his bus boys tie a tie so he could work the "dinner shift".   Definitely a family run place.Dinner for two was $75 including drinks.  Parking is plentiful on the side street.Take a step back into the 70's with dinner at the Golden Steer.  For with those kinds of prices for plenty of pretty good food, what have you got to lose?
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2010,5/25/2010,127,193,9,11,13>The year is 1994.  North Park Mall is thriving.  Just for Fun arcade is right next door, and I am the NBA Jam all-time champion.  I love Garibaldi's spaghetti and meatballs, and their cheese pizza is the bomb.  My grandma works there and brings dinner every Friday night.Fast forward.  North Park "Mall" is now an indoor swap-mart.  I suck at video games.  I crave Garibaldi's cheesesteak sandwiches, and their pizza is STILL the bomb, as well as their burgers, italian ice, and did I mention their pizza?  Everything inside is almost exactly the same as it was back then, from the bright green fiberglass booths to the "stained glass" designs in the walls, to the same ancient registers used to ring up orders.  Sadly, grandma is no longer with us, but I'll always have an affinity for this place and the food!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,5/24/2010,31,97,3,4,3>yum.i've been trying to visit Ambrosia for a while now. i noticed it over a year ago while driving through barrington. it was late and it was already closed.i went again two weeks ago but it was closed for the holidays!finally, today was my day. i didn't know what to expect and needless to say, i was pleasantly surprised.it seems like a big space but it seems like the kitchen takes up most of it. there are about 6-ish tables inside and a handful outside. kind of a small, cozy space.once you step in you see their refrigerated display case filled with cakes and tarts and creme brulee.  i was about to order the creme brulee but when i got in line i noticed their second, non-refrigerated display case. smaller, but packed with baked goods. it seemed like what all the customers were focused on. the 3 people in front of me were all talking about the croissants. they were looking for a certain flavor but they only had a salmon cream cheese croissant left. salmon + cream cheese in a croissant?! yum! i quickly changed my mind. =) but was afraid i might not get one 'cause the people ahead of me were ordering bunches of them to go!i was able to score one along with a pretzel loaf, their Ambrosia cinnamon bun thingie and a double mocha. all of it was great and fresh... especially the croissant. i'm usually not a croissant fan but this one, with the salmon/cream cheese filling was divine.the food is really, really awesome and in regards to the flavors i have no complaints. my only issues were with the baked goods display case itself. it's really small and right next to the register so it gets really crowded. it's also placed up high so you have to attempt to talk through it or keep poking your head around it.  there were no signs that said what everything was so i had to ask and eavesdrop when other people were asking. the case was filled with delicious looking pastries and i seriously wanted to know what everything was but there was a line and i didn't want to hold everyone up. signs would definitely help.i would easily come here again to try everything. =)
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,5/23/2010,143,312,4,15,13>It's easy to pass up The Standard. The neo-minimalist architecture really helps it to blend in and not stick out among the many entertainment options of downtown Elmhurst, and it's also not on the main drag York st. But besides that, the Stella Artois umbrellas for the sidewalk dining tell you something about The Standard.Although my friends and I ate outdoors, I did get to go inside this newer addition to the Elmhurst scene. It's supposed to be a cut above your average bar and restaurant. Darker and more intimate seating, but also with TVs and a full bar. Not so much a gastropub, but not an exquisite restaurant, either. The food is newer American fare with an upscale twist, a menu with some gourmet options and ol' fashioned American favorites. I had the "Maytag Burger" with onions, Blue Cheese, and skinny fries, which appear to be gaining in popularity as evidenced at many other restaurants I've been too. Our server was very outgoing and helpful. The bill for four people who had the fairly large and satisfying hamburgers wasn't so bad; under $80 including drinks.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,5/22/2010,66,101,14,6,7>I shall let the following exchange between my husband and I serve as evidence for why Naf Naf deserves 5 stars.Scene: Gail's husband, Kevin is nicely driving Gail to the trainGail:  Don't eat my hummus.Kevin: Oh, okay.Gail: Seriously, do not eat my hummus today.  I will kill you.Kevin: Don't worry I won't.  I'm not really into hummus. I mean, it was good, but...Gail:  This hummus is incredibly good.  You may be tempted.  And, God as my witness, if you eat my hummus, you will die.  Kevin: Um, I think that's your train pulling up.Gail:  Thanks honey!  *kisskiss*  For the record, he did not eat my hummus, and it was excellent that night.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,5/21/2010,172,208,6,4,5>So last Friday my wife and I were tossing around ideas for what to eat for dinner. I wanted Italian, she wanted Mediterranean, and we listened to each others restaurant suggestions. The debate continued for a good 5-10 minutes, and we were at an impasse. All of a sudden when it was looking like we were going to end up at the KFC drive thru, she blurted "I want some sushi." I have mentioned on several reviews before that I am the only Pacific Islander in existence that doesn't like fish/seafood, but I love me some Katsu and Udon. We both agreed to find a good Japanese Restaurant in the area, and she left it up to my Yelp-pertise to find one. I brushed off the old dusty laptop and went on Yelp.com and started searching. On a totally unrelated topic, I just wanted to exclaim my love for "high speed internet." Please give me a moment while I hug my modem ((((hugs)))). OK back to the review. My fellow Yelpers seemed to really like this restaurant called "Sushi Ya" in Schaumburg, so the decision was made simple. I give a call to one of my best buds who was in the area to ask if he wanted to join us for some dinner, and he quickly agreed. We walked into Sushi Ya and was happily greeted by the staff with "Irasshaimase!!!" I felt like Norm entering Cheers, but there was no Sam, Carla, Woody, or Cliff in sight. I asked what the greeting was and our waitress simply said it means, "Welcome." The restaurant is small, I would guess it seats about 30+ with some extra seats by the sushi bar. We ask for a table for 3 and was quickly seated by the window. My friend BBM'd me that he was 10 minutes away, which is cryptic code for "I'll be there in 25." The wife and I decided to order, and she went straight for the sushi order sheet. I order the Beef Udong (Udon) for starters, and decided to go with Chicken Katsu. I don't know anything about sushi, but I think the wife went for California Rolls, Spider Rolls, and something else. As we were waiting for our food to arrive, our friendly waitress gave us some complimentary edamame to snack on. We also got our salads, and apparently I get miso soup with my dinner meal...so that was a pleasant surprise. Our entrées came shortly after we finished our starters. My Beef Udon was very good. The noodles were so soft, and the broth had a nice light flavor. The Chicken Katsu portion was pretty big, with a small bowl of rice and the dipping sauce. The Panko crumbs were so light and crispy, and the chicken was so tender. The stir fried veggies on the side was a very nice touch. The wife seemed to be delighted with the sushi, I can tell it by her eyes. My friend finally arrived in the middle of our meal, and was greeted with "Irasshaimase!!!" He quickly looked over the sushi menu and got Spicy Tuna something, and Eel something...again I know diddly squat about sushi. His order came out before we got done with our meals, and he quickly chimed in with the praises as well. He exclaimed that the tuna was so fresh and delicious. I will assume that he meant "fresh and delicious" in the non-urban dictionary sense. So let me recap our dining experience at Sushi Ya. Service: The service we received was excellent. We were greeted when we entered, and when we left. The service in between was friendly and attentive. Food: The food was the "bombdotcom." The sushi was "fresh and delicious." My Chicken Katsu and Beef Udong was exxxcellent...and yes I added 2 extra "x's" to emphasize my point. Ambiance: The restaurant is small, but very quaint and lively. Add all those in with good company and bubbly conversation, and it was a very good dining experience indeed. Now everybody sing along with me: "Throw your chopsticks in the ayyer and waive em' like you just don't cayyer. If you want fresh sushi, then go to Sushi Ya...somebody say, Oh yeaaaah!!!"
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,5/20/2010,101,102,21,17,10>I had a hilarious wreck of a car to unload a few years ago. How hilarious? CarMax offered me $50 for it. That is not a typo, that is two twenties and a ten and a dirty look from the sales rep.  I called up Victory Auto almost on a whim; their commercials are hilarious and I thought maybe people were doing more laughing than buying and they'd gone out of business. Nope, they were still open and they were going to offer to pay me three times what CarMax offered, and they weren't even going to judge me (to my face).They sent the tow truck out for my wreck on the day I requested, and the guy was pretty much on time. He called about half an hour before he was due to arrive. He kept insisting that my address wasn't where I said it was, which was stupid and irritating. When he finally showed up I asked "So...where were you when you called?" in a light tone as if we shared between us the joke of his little navigational sanfu. he glared at me and didn't answer and put my poor beast on his flat bed. Oh well.A few months later I couldn't find the sales receipt for that car and I called up to get a copy. The woman on the phone was friendly and helpful and the slip came in the mail two days later. Overall, great customer service...just don't make fun of the driver's geographical shortcomings.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,5/19/2010,26,105,2,3,4>Hubby and I found ourselves in Naperville today when a craving for corned beef hit us.  After checking Yelp!, we made our way over to Schmaltz Deli and were both very glad we did. We each had a 'Wall St.' with spicy mustard, and they really hit the spot!I concur with what most previous positive reviewers have contributed, so won't regurgitate all that. What I really appreciated about Schmaltz is that their sandwiches have two price points - 'Overstuffed' and 'Almost Overstuffed'. Being that my metabolism isn't what it used to be, I rarely allow myself to polish off a huge deli sandwich, but am left feeling guilty for wasting food I paid for. The smaller 'Almost' option was the perfect size for me, and at the same time I saved $2.  Love it.We will definitley be back to try the Mayor Pradel sandwich.  Maybe tomorrow...
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,5/18/2010,24,83,9,7,6>As of this writing there are 65 reviews.  Everyone knows this place is awesome.  My dad got into hummus and falafel from this place.  So I will tell you it is delicious.Here is what you need to know to eat here.  It gets crowded during lunch.  Don't save a table, just wait in line.  I have never seen anyone crying holding a tray with nowhere to eat.  The guy at the counter with the mustache, he is a tricky one.  He has all types of pranks he pulls on you.  Dumping pennies in your hand, trying to get hot MILF phone numbers, asking if your to-go order is for here, and asking what size do you want on the small baba.  Do not fall for his tricks it only makes him more powerful.  Just tell him what you want (Business lunch special or die) and tell him his sneaky tricks are powerless to Yelpers.I have eaten the entire menu here.  The only things I don't care for are the grape leaves, and the tabouleh salad.   The hot sauce and the hummus are great.  In fact I think I'll go there right now.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,5/17/2010,70,144,4,5,4>OK, as some have said, the "Oh my Gods'" can seem a little over the top.  But that OMG can really work for you when you're walking in with a date or group who's never been to the restaurant and the owner greets you like an old friend.  LOLAND...the OMG would be empty if he didn't back it up with outstanding and quite possibly gourmet-like Mexican cuisine.  I once experienced a poblano chile relleno with a creamy pomegrante sauce that I still crave today and that was 5 years ago.  This is not standard Mexican fare, don't go here for that.  Expect a crowd on most nights and since they've recently been reviewed on "Check Please", well OMG!  LOLFurthermore, the OMG makes Paco memorable and shows that he may not have formulated the most universal greeting, but he's a FRIENDLY, PASSIONATE, TALENTED chef who takes time out for his guests.  And frankly, when I go out to dinner its nice to feel that I'm being welcomed by my host.  I'll take Paco's greeting, service and cuisine any day over that feeling that you're just another table top that needs to be served and cleared.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,5/16/2010,4,22,5,13,10>My husband and I have a constant struggle - he wants to eat junk food, and I strive to eat healthy. This place is PERFECT for us! The best of both worlds.It is very refreshing to have a pizza place that also has salads, sandwiches and soups, just as good as the pizza! They have a good variety of pizzas from common flavors to more original flavors, such as the "Good Night Kiss". I am in LOVE with their breadsticks! ADDICTING... Today I took advantage of their half-salad and half-sandwich, which came with one of their awesome breadsticks, all for $5.35. AMAZING deal! My salad was fantastic, mixed greens, turkey, lettuce, tomato, cucumber along with a delicious vinaigrette dressing. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate a good salad. (Seems to be hard to come by.) I look forward to trying more of their soups too. The owner, John, is ridiculously kind. At times you will even see John's mother at work, which is exactly what this community needs, more down to earth family friendly businesses! Service is top notch, super friendly and speedy!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,5/15/2010,149,287,3,6,5>Awesome little place. Strolled in with no reservation, had a fantastic late lunch, and walked out ready to take a nap. I had ordered the Steak Quesedilla, but my mouth was drooling over the chicken BBQ pizza, and burger the other guys ordered.I wish I had saved room for dessert, but they say there is always room for dessert - they lied.   The peach cobbler (or that's what it looked like) smelled AWESOME.....  If you're in the area, this is a must stop.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,5/14/2010,82,43,4,5,3>First of all Wok 'n fire has probably the best decor of any suburban restaurant I've been to in a while.   You walk in and feel like you are in Wicker Park, but there is ample parking, so no need to pinch yourself.  Also, not nearly as many hipsters.But honestly, the interior design is great.  I could see that it would be a good place to take a date.  I found that the food was pretty decent.  A good mix if say one of your friends hates Thai for some ridiculous reason and only eats Chinese food because the menu is Chinese, Thai and Japanese.  Now, that being said, I don't think the dishes are in any way super authentic, but fairly close.  * Note my Vino Thai review in which I openly declare my Asian food snobbery.I suggest trying their homemade Ginger Ale.  It's not the typical Ginger ale as its more pickled ginger tasting.   Its truly wonderful and you can get alcoholic versions, which I will try the next time I go there.The thing you must absolutely get.  I mean this.  If I lead anyone wrong, please say so - but try the Sesame Banana Fritter.  Think fried banana with caramel sauce and dusted with cinnamon and sugar.  It's sinfully delicious.Not only does Wok 'n Fire have a good mix of food but they have some good Happy Hour deals on week days in their bar/lounge area.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,5/13/2010,25,58,2,6,5>When I'm over in this part of town (usually to see my dentist next door) I always end up at Katie's.  While I rarely stray from my regular pancake house, my husband insists that Katie's is better.  To me it's really comparing apples and oranges.Katie's takes your classic pancake house fare and turns it up a little bit into something more chic but not too snobby.  It's really more subtle and simple changes that make it a step above.  Their menu is extensive.  You'll honestly spend a lot of time trying to decide what you want because it all sounds so good.  I've had the eggs benedict and they were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I've had a basic breakfast, pancakes, french toast, scramblers.. you name it.  Their potatoes are incredible and the coffee is spot on as well.I docked them a bit for the service.  Unfortunately, every time I've gone the service was a bit slow but nothing too annoying and certainly nothing that would keep me from coming back.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,5/12/2010,30,73,8,7,4>Basically making decisions on a whim can sometimes get you in trouble. And by 'on a whim' I guess I really mean making decisions after drinking a bottle of wine. That being said, I am glad I decided to take my wife to sugartoad for her birthday. The vibe at this place is good. You do get a certain amount of 'hotel' clientele, but it seems that the chef/owner is striving to make the place more of a destination. The music was good, and the decor was nice. The service, as others have stated was excellent, and the pacing of the meal was right-on. Over a cheese plate, bread, entree, and then coffee and dessert, about 2 hrs passed. This was great as we were not in any hurry, and the servers sensed this. The food itself was excellent, and once again provided a glimpse into the chef's vision. My entree of Veal shoulder, sous-vide, was tender and flavorful. Served with white beans and broccoli, the portion was perfect sized. I do not want nor need to be wowed by the massive portions at a restaurant, I would rather finish my meal completely and feel satisfied, not as if I need to be rolled out of the place on a gurney. Dessert was awesome. I had 'ants on a log'- a piece of celery root cake with peanut butter mouse and rum raisin ice cream. tremendous and thoughtful. All in all, a great meal. Trends toward spendy, but we all live in Naperville, so that makes us rich anyway, right?
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,5/11/2010,120,312,6,7,6>My family comes here pretty often for family get togethers and what not.  It's the "go to" restaurant when we really don't know where else to go.  Most of the food that we get is completely off menu ;) like the jelly fish and the snow pod leaf veggies.  I base a lot of my rating on their hot and sour soup.  I feel I am a hot and sour soup connoisseur, and this place has pretty good soup!!The ambiance is nice, it's cool to be able to watch the chef's behind the glass cooking.One thing I wish they had was soy sauce with less sodium, other than that, I know my family and I will be back!!  It's a little more pricey for a chinese restaurant ... BUT it's not your average take out only type of place.. you bring friends and fam here and have a great time and good food.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,5/10/2010,30,136,3,6,4>4.5!  I had given up long ago looking for authentic Asian cuisine in the burbs.  Normally, I have to take a train ride into Chinatown, or better yet take a business trip to Hong Kong or Singapore.  Most of the time though, I usually try to put a meal together in the comfort of my own kitchen.   This is a great find, and close to work!  Thanks Yelpers! Once ya get past the converted Taco Bell façade, you're immediately welcomed by a very simple, but unmistakably Asian décor - with guess what?  Yep - 90% occupied by people with Asian ancestry (find that in a Chinese restaurant in McHenry county).  I might as well have walked into a restaurant in Sha Tin.  The Pho was wonderful - tasty broth, and I love the fact that they have fish sauce, crushed chili peppers in oil, and Sriracha as added condiments that I could liberally roll into the Pho.  The meatballs and beef were very tasty, but they used the fake crab (yeah - please don't).   I also had a spicy shrimp salad that was pleasantly offset by nice amounts of basil.  I wish they'd introduce some Filipino cuisine - pansit maybe?  Stay with the noodle theme?  Can't wait to come back - wonder what their Pad Thai is like?
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,5/9/2010,288,304,2,5,4>Love, love LOVE Egg Harbor Cafe. I've been a fan for years. I was so sad that the one in Danada moved but remembered that the one in Yorktown was just around the corner. Phew! I've always loved EH but have come to appreciate it even more because of the healthier breakfast & lunch options. On my last visit I had the mini wrap and soup combo which also came with mixed greens. It was the perfect portion and I was pleasantly, but not uncomfortably full. The juice is always so fresh and the strawberry oj is delish. Yum! My favs are the cassie crepes, sir dugan frittata and the door county chicken salad. They close at 2:30PM and it tends to get crazy at breakfast time. So, you might want to try to do a call ahead or get there 20 minutes early and cruise the mall while you wait. I've never had a problem with service and the servers are friendly & accomodating. If you're looking for a fresh breakfast spot with plenty of tasty options for everyone, give Egg Harbor Cafe a try. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,5/7/2010,65,785,6,5,4>Huuumm,  looks like I'm the first to Yelp review the "new" Rosebud in Naperville.  We never made it here during the brief Comfort Food stage, and my last visit was maybe 5 years ago.  I felt this place had been going a bit downhill from 10 years ago, getting to the over-rated stage, about 5 years back.   But back to the present....  and we really liked it.  Big portions served here, though some items do look overpriced.  Most were very reasonable for the portion size.  The veal francese (three large egg-battered veal medallions) were excellent  for $21.  The cheesy risotto special was pricy at $28, but could make about 4 meals.  The $21 pork chop calabrese (2) were spicy, huge, and good, and served over 4 smashed potatoes.  We also had the cavatelli which was ok, and again huge.   $12 for 3 stuffed mushroom appetizers was pricy.   The $12 calamari appetizer was good for amount we got.  Overall - you have to pick the value meals, but no complaints at all on food quality here.  We had lots of leftovers except my veal francese, which I enhaled with pleasure.  They also serve pizzas for dinner as indicated by their name.  The restaurant  has a smallish dining room now, as the back portion of the restaurant looks to now be taken up by an adjoining takeout Rosebud pizza storefront.  Restaurant was warm and stuffy at beginning of night, as it was warmest evening of year-to-date (65F or so), but cooled off nicely at sunset.  It's also not as dark as the old setting, which was another thing I didn't enjoy much with the old setup.  They also have outdoor riverside dining, and I can't recall if the old configuration had that or not.  Overall, nice place for Italian, and you can't beat the DT Naperville location.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,5/5/2010,191,194,2,6,5>I've been dreaming of a new restaurant in my neighborhood.  In my dream, this place would be an enchanting Italian restaurant. The walls would be covered in frescoes that would make me feel like I was really in Italy.  There would also be outdoor dining, and this area would be very charming, as well.  Their pasta would have to be homemade.  Their pizza would be delightful.  This was my dream.Suddenly, as I drove past the strip mall at Central and New Wilke- there it was!  I couldn't believe my eyes so I quickly pulled into the parking lot and jumped out of my car.  As I approached Toscana I slowly realized that my dream had come true.  I couldn't be sure until I tasted the food, so I took a couple of delivery menus with me.  Later that night, as my husband and I enjoyed perfect, tender fried calamari and Delicious thin crust pizza, - I realized:  Dream so come true ; )
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,5/4/2010,27,158,7,10,8>ORGANIC! SAY WHAT?-Clean food. NO way!  WAY!-Freshly prepared. Like in FRESH ingredients.-Healthy options.  At a restaurant.-Local fare.  Like they support local farmers. Unheard of!Perfect for vegetarians, vegans, and meat-eaters alike!  When I heard there was a new restaurant in La Grange that featured Organic food, I immediately begged and pleaded that although it was snowing like a snow globe, I wanted to make reservations for that very night.  And my begging and pleading paid off.  Lo and behold, a few hours later I was seated in a very minimalist, swank yet chill environment with lounge music playing softly in the background.Did I mention that it's all Organic or at the very least, locally grown?  You mean, I don't have to worry about ingesting HFCS, or genetically modified this or that?  And to have Organic cocktails to boot?  I've reached HEAVEN on earth!I tried 2 martini's... (it was after 11 hours of working on a Friday- gimme a break) One had rose liquor in it with cinnamon, and was flowery but delicious. And the other was more of a Lemon Drop, also tasty. I don't remember names, but who cares. Plenty of cocktails to choose from, one more original than the next.  My partner in crime had an Organic beer, which he loved.I tried the Blue Crab Nachos, very small portion (perfect though really) and it was simple, yet amazing.  I had the Shrimp for dinner which was with a pistachio pesto and pasta, and I thoroughly enjoyed it, with plenty of leftovers for the next day.  My date had skirt steak with orzo rice, and he loved it, and I tried it, and felt the same.No meal is complete without having dessert once in a while, and I'm obsessed with Creme Brulee, and I had the White Chocolate Creme Brulee.  It had fresh fruit on top, my only complaint was the crusty top was a little chewy and not well, crusty/burnt enough.  But, still good.  Overall, plenty of vegan/vegetarian options, and really reasonably priced- especially for organic.  I was pleasantly surprised, and will return!I found our service to be quick and sufficient, with our server knowledgeable and friendly.  However, our appetizer came out before our drinks.  I will say the appetizer came out in lightening speed, so a minor boo-boo in the evening.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,5/3/2010,255,326,4,11,11>Wow, I'm impressed. Tonight I ordered carry-out from Thai Square, and I forgot to ask for no egg. My fault, not theirs.When I am at home eating my food, they call me up to tell me they forgot to hold the egg. "No, that's OK," I said. "I forgot to ask you to do it; it isn't your fault. I'll just eat around it." Then they insisted that they should have remembered that I ask for it that way--which they actually did, albeit after I already had the food. I was amazed when they offered to make me a new one!I thanked them but said that was OK, they didn't have to do that. The woman on the phone promised to remember for me next time, if I forget. Seriously.I have been/am a regular at several restaurants. Never has the staff at any other establishment called me up and offered to make me a new dish because they didn't correct me when I ordered my own food wrong. That is some insane dedication, right there. This place also has so many regulars that I can't imagine how they remember us all, down to our dietary preferences. Just...wow.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,5/2/2010,83,308,6,7,6>I love a good dive bar but Eaton's has probably been the weirdest dive bar I have ever been to. After getting carded, the bartender made it very clear that they only accept cash, how old school! But I didn't care, cash is all I had. I have been to some seedy bars but Eaton's was straight up scary! I was afraid to touch anything in fear I may leave with a disease.Décor: The set up was super simple, mainly made up of a colossal bar that took up most of the place. There were some booths and couple of tables along the walls, but that was about it. The walls are made up of wood paneling and exposed brick, while the ceiling was made up of some antique moldings. There are only 2 restrooms, 1 men's and 1 women's, that don't have paper towels. They have that revolving towel in the machine that just rotates the same sheet over and over, nastiness. There is a pool table stuffed in one of the corners of the bar along with a couple of slot machine-like arcade games, very fitting for the casino town.The Crowd: Like any dive bar it doesn't exactly attract many posh patrons which is why I like them! If I wanted to hang out with preppy brosef's I would go to a club.Service: A-ok, not too welcoming when you first enter but after they card you & order a couple of drinks they seem to warm up a little.Liquid Courage On Tap: Bud, Bud Lite, PBROriginally I was going to order something in a can or a bottle, just to protect myself from any herpe that may be floating around waiting to infect me, but when Berto noticed they had mason jars we were drawn in. 24oz Baller mason jar of Bud for $4.50? I'll take my chances against the herpe! I think it's safe, I'm pretty sure alcohol sanitizes anyway. Right?Eats: I'm not gonna lie, I could have munched on some bar food but the looks of this fine establishment terrified me. I'm sure if you even ordered food they would have a hard time starting up the grill because it didn't seem like the sorta place you have dinner and a few drinks. They have a corn dog machine that looked like it hadn't been turned on in years. Eaton's offers a variety of bagged chips and nuts. There are also 2 liquor store like fridges filled with pop.  I have to mention the pickled mystery items in the life-size cloudy jar on the bar. It was very Moe's Tavern.Sounds: Other than the drunken banter of the regulars it was karaoke night. I am always up for karaoke! I did notice the line was fairly large but I put in my request anyway. I have to give props to the KJ, he didn't waste time with filler, he got everyone up n' out and before I knew it it was my turn!Parking: It's downtown Elgin, so all street parking.Overall: Eaton's, you really freaked me out at first glance but after getting to know you I think we may have something here. I will keep a mental note to always bring cash and to eat before my outing in tackling another mason jar!
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,5/1/2010,65,392,3,6,3>Here for the hamburger. Period.Pleasantly surprised to find the place mostly empty at 530pm. Got a great seat at the window in the bar. Had the burger with cheddar, got an order of the truffle potatoes, too.The burger was excellent! Cooked perfectly, had that good backyard grill crust (my brother and I call 'em "dirty grill burgers") and the cheese was just right. The onion roll was good, although the onion strips ON the roll were pretty much burnt to ash -- probably should have gone with thicker yellow onion slivers instead of the red onion -- I'm guessing. The fries were skinny, fresh cut and a little greasy. It would have worked better with slightly larger cuts (see Gene & Jude's review)...All in all, a top notch burger with outstanding service in a beautiful space -- with good company to boot! And the best part -- the burgers start at just $10! Recommended!TIP: They only serve the burger in the bar, so that means you'll need to eat a burger and beer appetizer up front if the rest of your gang wants to enjoy the REAL dining room!
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,4/30/2010,160,654,8,18,10>Paradise Pup is to the burbs what a place like Kuma's or Hot Doug's is to Chicago. OK, I knew about it for a while now, but I never came here before till this weekend. We arrived about a few minutes before noon, and just enough minutes before the line was out the door.Paradise Pup is a crowded little place where there's hardly room to sit down for dine-ins when the line keeps getting bigger. Lucky for us, it was a warm day and there were plenty of tables outside.I had the bacon cheddar burger and my wife had a cheddar burger, while both kids went for the plain hot dog. We split a basket of fries and a side of onion rings. Regardless of the menu item, it was a can't miss choice. The burgers are astoundingly juicy, plump and satisfying. So good you can skip dinner later. Their 1/3-pound burger can outmuscle a 1/2-pounder at other joints. Onion rings have a certain snap and freshness to them like no place else.I watched as the production line worked on orders after I had placed mine. It's amazing how they get the burgers and hot dogs made, one after another, executed to perfection in one fluid motion by the cook and the guy loading up the buns. A jet of flame shoots off the grill and another masterpiece is ready to be served.While their burgers are certainly among the best I've had, I really want to try their Polish sausage next time. I got a look at those sausages and let's just say they're porn star-sized big! Or you can use one of those Polish for self-defense to fight off a carjacker.Certainly worth a visit if you're in Des Plaines, but get there early or be prepared to wait.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,4/29/2010,137,199,8,10,8>It's FRIDAY...and what better way to start your weekend than with a big, juicy cheeseburger the size of your head.  Really, these things should be served in a helmet...they're that BIG!On my way home from work today, I realized it's been waaay too long since I've stopped at Nick's and so I checked my glovebox and sure enough, their menu was still there.  When ordering, I try to keep the toppings to a minumum so the flavor of my burger is not to be disguised.  That's how I tell how good the meat really is.  Anyway, one quick call and in no time, my burger was ready and waiting for me when I'd arrived.  With 10 minutes still to go before I was pulling into my driveway, I buried my meal behind the seat so I wouldn't start nibbling at it on the way back.  Sometimes you just do what you gotta do.If you're in Lemont and get a serious hankerin' for the Angus, stop at Nick's for a burger and a beer...and tell 'em I sent ya.  They'll have no idea who you're talking about, but tell 'em anyway!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,4/28/2010,98,153,4,9,8>WOW!!!I can't believe what a hidden gem this place is.  Located in a strip mall in Westmont. I have put off going here for to long.  Tonight I finally gave Shree a try....and I am soooo glad I did.Our experience from start to finish was extremely pleasant and tasty and perfect.  Came here with a girlfriend and daughter and we were given amazing customer service.  The (owner maybe?) gentleman was very helpful and guided us through the entire menu, explaining everything including recommendations for what would be best for us-He even had the chef make everything completely vegan for us.  Everything we tried was awesome:iddly (a steamed lentil patty resembling a light bread dumpling with 2 dipping sauces and a lentil soup)bjhajji (eggplant dipped in seasoned chickpea batter with dipping sauces)...we both LOVEDchanna masala (chickpea dish)....my FAVbangan bhartha (eggplant dish)navaratan karuma (veggies in a coconut curry sauce)....her favparatha (whole wheat bread like a flat naan)mango lassi for daughter....daughters fav:) (mango yogurt smoothie)DELICIOUS.  EXCELLENT service.  Served fairly fast and very fresh too!!  Did I mention this was all for under $50?????  I had enough food for the three of us and leftovers for BOTH of my parents to eat full dinners.  WOW.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,4/27/2010,216,369,4,9,6>Ever ate food so good that you wish you didn't become full so you could order more? This was the case today as Las Asadas's carne asada burrito moved into the top spot of my all time favorite burrito. I discovered this place on a whim as I gave a co-worker a ride to an auto body shop in Des Plaines a few weeks ago. I noticed that the place looked like a total shack, but oddly enough I had a feeling the food would be good. I was right. So I treated myself to a burrito and a Mexican Coke, and for the next ten minutes I was in heaven. My burrito contained huge chunks of carne asada, raw onion pieces, cilantro, and fresh chihuahua cheese. Of course I added plenty of salsa verde to each bite. So simple yet magical. There's really not much more to say about it. It was just so damn good!Sure, this place is dumpy. And it's possible you may come at a time when the tables aren't the cleanest, as people are always coming and going. But the food makes up for it IMO. If you can't bare it, take the food to go. Note: The main picture posted is of the other Las Asadas in Des Plains on Oakton.. Refer to nikki c's picture for the Las Asadas of this address on Lee St.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,4/26/2010,771,552,6,9,7>Only 6 reviews?! People, you HAVE to go there! I've been there twice and I have not been dissapointed on either occasion. Looks are sure deceiving. When we first drove up to this place I prayed that the health department had inspected it. lol The outside does not do the inside any justice. They have a very nice large bar and it's fancy dining. Not what I expected at all. Sat down and got chips and salsa. They have 4 different salsas for dipping. Then I realized that they did not have Tacos, like Tacos de carne asada!! That was the only dissapointment. So my friend and I ordered tamales for an appetizer which came with 4 pieces; 2 red and 2 green tamales. Then I ordered Pollo en Mole and my friend ordered enchiladas. BOTH were very tasty. At the end we HAD to get the plantains..haha I was very pleased with the service. We had one main server but we never had to ask for water, pop refills OR chip refills which was refreshing. I've gone back since and I will go back again.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,4/25/2010,43,217,3,2,3>Domo 77 is fun. Whenever I can watch someone make a volcano out of my food, I'm in! The food is simple and delish, and you will not leave hungry. The fillet minon melts in your mouth and the shrimp was very fresh. The menu is weird to read at first. I think they could do a better job setting that up. My other complaint is that its so loud in the hibachi room with all of the vents going.  I have been to other restaurants like this that have managed to keep it much quieter. All and all though, it was a cool show with the necessary flipping the shrimp into the hat. The food was exactly what I expected it to be, fresh and yummy! With everything so well done, I don't mind paying the extra money for it. Definitely check this place out next time you are out celebrating something.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,4/24/2010,1,10,3,5,2>I'm pretty sure that I've not been here before under this name, but I'm surprised to see how far back some of the other reviews go, so maybe this wasn't my first visit. Regardless, I'm glad the place is here and we had a chance to go.We went there on Mardis Gras after seeing a promotion for their Fat Tuesday Feast Winter Tasting Menu. This being a minor holiday for most but big for foodies, we expected a crowd, and there was none. In fact, there were only two other tables occupied during the 2 hours we were there, which makes me fear for the future of the place. Maybe it's just the Tuesday night factor.Everything we ate was thoughtfully prepared, from fine ingredients, and tasted fantastic. We started with the best pork belly I'd ever eaten, went on to lobster fritters, fried oyster on brioche with crawfish étouffée, strawberry sorbet intermezzo, chicken sausage jambalaya, and a perfect pecan tart. Our server, Jeffrey, was attentive, pleasant helpful, and warm, and didn't bat an eye at several "information requests" that we made. Realizing that we were there on a slow night, I nevertheless couldn't imagine a more pleasant atmosphere.The wine list is intimidating and we copped out to a special offering associated with the current tasting menu. I'm not a huge wine person, but I recognized very few of the offerings, most of which where in the $50-$100 range, or beyond. We didn't ask for suggestions, but I don't doubt that we would have gotten good advice if we had.I suspect the place is very forgiving with respect to dress and protocol. I would be comfortable there in anything from jeans and a nice shirt, to a suit and tie, and there was no hint of pretense or snobbery from any of the staff. Thy have coat check service for those so inclined, or just hang your coat on the back of your chair.We intend to put this long overlooked venue into our rotation, and are looking forward to our next excuse to go there (St. Pat's special sounds intriguing!).
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,4/23/2010,168,637,2,4,3>Growing up in HP until I was 14, Stash's was my hang out.  We used to head there after little league to get a bag of fries after games and practice.  It has changed a lot in the almost thirty years since I was in little league.  Back then Stash's was just a little shack.  Now is an almost full service fast casual restaurant.  It's perfectly located in Port Clinton Square.  My wife (eight months pregnant) was craving a hot dog.  We made the original mistake of going to Michael's during lunch time. With an ancy three year old, we bolted M's when the almost out the door line wasn't moving.  Thankfully I remembered Stash's being literally down the street.It was as good as I remembered.  The Hot Dogs and Polish we ordered were perfectly charred.  The only mistake was that my wife loves fries well done.  Stash's fries are so good that they should never be altered and ordered how they want to cook them.  It's right up there with Michael's and it's not as busy.  If you need a quick quality meal made to order, Stash's is perfect in downtown HP!!!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,4/22/2010,191,452,3,9,6>Close your eyes.Ommmmm...            (Inhale).   Ommmmm...Open your eyes.  Welcome to a true day spa with all intentions of easing every tense knot in your body.  Oddly enough came with two dudes, cousin-in-law & old high school friend, to have my first true spa experience!  As soon as you walk in, you're greeted by friendly staff one male and one female to guide the boys and myself to our respective locker areas after showing us the tranqulity pool/shower area.  You're given a locker complete with comfy white robe & the most comfortable gel slippers your feet will ever have the pleasure of wearing!  For spa virgins like myself:...I suggest showing up an hour before your appointment so you can take full advantage of their spa amentities.  Try out their fun showers (3 different stalls with different shower heads of varying pressures and even some with a syncronized light show!)  Then take a relaxing dip in the tranquility pool & stand under the waterfall to get a hydro back massage!  Don't forget to sit in the sauna too and then jump into the 8ft-69 degree plunge pool to clear your pores & improve circulation!The rub down...Signed up for the 50 min full body massage.  You get your choice of 4 different mildly scented oils, all organic.  The relaxing music and the fact that the massage thereapist wears only socks to keep the environment calmly quiet were nice touches that truly made a difference.  Could have used more pressure, but otherwise enjoyed a completely stress relieving massage.  Afterwards you're only given a minute or two to put your robe back on & have a sip of water, I would have liked more time just to lie there and soak it all in, but then again I probably would have fallen asleep!Before leaving, check out their Kohler showroom, so tempting to go ahead & order a whole new bathroom to bring the spa to your home!  FYI: When paying, they'll "conveniently" add  an 18% tip for you, just speak up if you're feeling generous or not.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,4/21/2010,39,47,5,7,5>With how much everyone says they like/love this place I'm surprised with all the 4 star reviews. Here's my quick take: * Some of the best fish tacos I've had anywhere! * Easily the * best* restaurant within the area * Beats most restaurants downtown Chicago * Way better than may same or higher rated restaurants on this site * Not as high end as TRU but many will enjoy more and certainly less expensive; definitely higher end than typical franchise places * Original and for what you get extremely inexpensive * Great staff and service The food is overall American themed with a nice variety  of changing seafood (fish, clams, scallops, lobster, crab), meat (steak, pork, duck, lamb, rabbit, chicken), and pasta dishes. The salads and soups are also top notch. The steaks were better than at many high end steak restaurants like Ruth Chris's. I personally recommend ordering a mix of small plate items and sharing a soup and salad (the pear and bake brie is my favorite). Order an entry but save room for dessert. I've eaten here probably over 50 times and with the exception of 3-4 years back when they had a different chef (not the original and not the current) the food has always been at least good and in recent years has been outstanding. I eat out at least 3-4 times week and travel nationally for work. As a result, I've had a chance to dine at many of the highest rated restaurants around the county and I can say overall this is my favorite. Montarra will be a bit more intimate but compares to places like "The Gage", "Roy's", and "Wildfire" in quality and level. Definitely check Montarra out and judge for yourself!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,4/20/2010,120,162,8,9,9>Giving Thipi Thai 5 stars is the easiest thing I have done all day. Nay, make that week--and I've been on vacation since Tuesday. Honestly, on a particularly frustrating day in which absolutely NOTHING had gone smoothly or worked out at all (Whole Foods stopped selling taffy apples!), this restaurant is to blame for the much needed relief and delight  I'm now basking in. My dear friend had endured her second oral surgery, and while the restaurant had nothing to do with that, even the spiciest curry was enjoyed by her. What a trooper! Scrumptious to the last bite, I was a big girl and finally, for the first time in my life, was able to finish a  meal--well noted at dinner by my companion. How could I not, though? This dinner was prepared with me in mind (or just the general population that enjoys food). Broccoli, tofu substituted for chicken, and noodles made this dish the toughest competition for my next Thai venture. Hey remember when Michael Scott compared Scranton to New York and said that New York was Scranton on steroids?? Well besides him getting a "New York slice" at Sbarros, I'd trust his opinion just as you should mine. Thipi Thai is the steroid pumped version of any other Thai place you're used to except for possibly Thailand. Oh right, and the decor is adorable. Elephants are cutest big animals around these days. Check them out!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,4/19/2010,176,176,7,9,7>A friend who invited me to dinner in River Forest chose Caffe De Luca as our dining spot. I immediately loved the decor and comfy feel of the place the minute we walked in. And luckily, we got to sit at the front of the restaurant which had been opened up to outside dining. Our table was still inside the restaurant, but we faced outside and were able to enjoy people watching as we chatted and dined on this nice summer evening.Bread was served with a tasty white bean dip, olive oil and grated Parmesan cheese. The white beans were an unexpected surprise in light of the standard olive oil and cheese you're usually served at other restaurants.All entrees on the menu looked very good, but I choose to play it safe with something standard and familiar. So I chose Farfalle with grilled chicken in pesto cream sauce. I was expecting an average chicken and pasta dish like anything I've had before. But I actually got a entree FULL of FLAVOR! My first thought was, "Why don't other restaurants have pesto dishes that taste this good?" The portion size was big enough for me to save half for lunch the next day.I'm kicking myself for not ordering a salad with the meal because the one my friend ordered looked really good. The Insalata De Luca had mixed greens, red onion, figs, Gorgonzola cheese and walnuts tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. How many times have you had figs in a salad?And I should have ordered dessert too. But alas, all the other things on the menu that I wanted to try are what draw me back to a restaurant where the service was good and the food was great. I don't live close to Forest Park, but I will probably make a special trip back to dine at Caffe De Luca.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,4/18/2010,80,142,3,4,3>HAHA, coincidentally Kassi (the first reviewer) turned me on to this place.   I was on a search for Argan oil (also her suggestion), and I successfully scored the oil, but also AMAZING Shea butter with an intoxicating (jasmine-esque) scent.The store stocks a wide array of natural beauty products and also a few lines of cosmetics.  Keep in mind, this is not an Aveda or Body Shop.  Here you will find truly unique and hard to find brands of natural skin care.This store is beautiful.  I love the layout, the products are grouped by type, so it makes shopping easy.  You can try and sample everything!!!  The owners (a husband and wife team) are incredibly attentive and helpful without being pushy.  I try to only shop local or indie.  Indie is much easier through the Internet, so I am happy that I can now support a local merchant.  Go there and shop happy!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2009,4/17/2010,174,261,3,8,4>It's a dive bar.  I don't think they will ever get the stale cigarette smell out of the drop down ceiling tiles.  The burgers are served on cheap paper plates, but man oh man, they are tasty!I personally love the Hawaiian burger, served with a ring of pineapple and a little bleu cheese.  My bf orders the Big Daddy.  Some Armadillo Eggs (cheddar poppers) for the appetizer.Be warned, it's cash only.  I always forget and have to run across the street to the ATM at the bowling alley.  I believe the kitchen closes at 10:30.They have a nice beer garden with TVs if you like that kind of thing (I do!).
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,4/16/2010,287,787,20,30,28>Everyone has their neighborhood joint. A favorite place that whenever you go, the food is consistent and never disappoints. For a while, I was coming here so often that the gal behind the counter was already writing out my usual order before I even spoke: Greek salad with extra feta, an extra pita and medium diet coke. The salad is always fresh (even when I've come in after 8pm at night). The Greek dressing is always served on the side--perfect since I don't like drowning my salads in dressing. I love their feta--soft and crumbly with great flavor. Their pita bread is fresh-baked, fluffy and warmed on the grill. My other go-to dish is the lemon rice soup. Great citrus lemon flavor and thick and creamy--perfect when I'm feeling under the weather or just need a pick me up. Bright and yellow, its like a bowl of sunshine. The gyros is good--tender tasty meat. I don't care for the tzatziki sauce they serve with it--it might be that they use a different kind of Greek yogurt? Dunno, I like the gyros meat and when we're talking meat, it should be flavorful to stand alone, no? Friendly service, good food at very affordable prices.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,4/15/2010,80,106,3,6,3>I met a girlfriend there for dinner and really enjoyed it.  The food was well prepared, reasonable prices and portions were generous without being ridiculous.  it was a tad pricey but well worth it in my opinion.  Lots of organic locally grown products, and the service was a tad on the slow side but really nothing terribly unusual for a busy time.  Nice wine list, and the prix fix menu had some really great options for a great price. In some cases, the price of the prix fix was only $1 more than the entree price and included salad and dessert.  Really loved the mini desserts, so I could try 2 different things and NOT feel overstuffed since they were literally about 2-3 bites each.Place seemed to be full of regulars who knew the waitstaff by name and ordered "the usual" so obviously it is a local hit.  My date was a scotch drinker ands was impressed by the wide array of scotches they had in-house too, if that matters to you :)Might consider the open area between the restaurant and hotel it is attached to for a happy hour. Large fireplace, nice decor, private bar area, and very conveniently located.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,4/14/2010,61,216,5,5,4>Not much can be said here that hasn't been already.The beer selection is amazing.  So many different brews on tap or bottled that it makes deciding quite difficult.  I'm fine with that.  I'll just try as many as I can! :)The food is equally wonderful.  I've dined at The Bavarian Lodge many times and I've never been let down.  German food is their specialty and they deliver the goods.  The saurkraut is to die for.Dessert featured a german chocolate cake that was moist and delightful.  All in all, always a great dining experience.It appears as though they recently remodeled parts of the restaurant.  The bar area was very clean and looked new.  Restrooms equally clean and new in appearance.Downsides -- beers are a bit spendy and some are served in rather small glasses.  Also, they are supremely inflexible about menu substitutions -- goes with the whole german thing, I suppose.  They will not split checks and they prefer cash, even stated right on the menu, "We begrudgingly accept credit cards but prefer cash."
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,4/13/2010,646,300,3,7,4>Absolutely incredible! A brazilian steakhouse located in the western suburbs. A spacious restaurant powered by the most friendly waitstaff on the planet. First off order yourself a brazilian lemonade, believe me it will never go empty, they are on it. Next hit the HUGE salad bar but save room because the dinner has not yet started. My family likes to order some sides dishes i.e. rice, mash potatoes, asparagus, broccoli and black bean soup.Once you flip that green card indicator up, its on!!! I'm talking ribeye, prime cut sirloin, pork ribs, filet mignon, chicken bacon, beef ribs, lamb...everything is so succulent and sizzling with flavor. For those whom enjoy a little cocktail with dinner, they have a full service bar.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,4/12/2010,143,203,8,11,11>:::sigh:::Why did I not come here sooner?I have been complaining for three years about living in an apartment without a deck or a green space.  It kills me.  It really does.  I desperately needed a little sun on my translucent Chicago winter skin.  I didn't feel like dealing with screaming children or high school kids playing ultimate frisbee.  I wanted somewhere calm and serene where I could escape for a bit, lay on a blanket, and read my book.Austin Gardens is a little slice of the Garden of Eden.Fenced off and a bit secluded. Lush gardens.  Trees a plenty.  Quiet.  No dogs.  A little path around the perimeter with lots of benches.I will definitely be frequenting this little oasis throughout the spring, summer, and fall.  It's the perfect romantic picnic spot as well.  *  Austin Gardens is also home to Oak Park Festival Theater.  Shakespeare! under the stars....  like it was meant to be!  oakparkfestival.comA review on that will follow after I attend a performance.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,4/11/2010,178,149,4,4,3>Excellent service. If waiters/waitresses played sports, Annie's staff was definitely playing their 'A' game on this Friday mid-morning. I dined with 2 others and our orders were delivered so fast I didn't even have time to think about where our food was. The food, on the other hand...Spartan omelet (loaded with fresh spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes & feta cheese) was semi-victorious...a little on the bland side though and could've used more feta-cheese if not seasonings. I wasn't a fan of the hash browns, either. You know when you can tell if they were fresh or frozen? "BRAVO!" if they were frozen and you made me think otherwise..."HOMEBOY I DON'T THINK SO" if they were frozen and they taste like plastic. These were the latter. Unfortunately, they use their hash browns to make their skillets as well...which is a shame because their skillets would've been amazing if they weren't! And the pancakes were far too fluffy (about 3/4 of an inch thick) and had too much flour/air for me. Walker Bros. still has my heart when it comes to pancakes.  Overall though the service was exceptional, food was a little above average with really decent portions (as in...I only ate half and had the rest for dinner that day), and the price for them was pretty great. They definitely had more options than Sanders, and a far more classy ambiance. Oh...and the fact that they're now open from 6am-11pm = extra star.3 entrees + 3 coffees = $28
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,4/10/2010,10,40,5,8,6>I went to this place last night, and was immediately saddened that I've lived within 3 miles of it for the last 6 years and had never been to it before!Some of the best and friendliest service at a restaurant--in fact, one of the owners of the restaurant came over and greeted our group personally! Our server happily accommodated substitutions and special requests, in addition to making recommendations and patiently waiting for our group of nine people to decide what to order. For starters, I got an 8 oz. glass of pomegranate juice, which was tart and tasty! I might recommend getting the large glass because I loved it so much and ended up wanting more. Even though we arrived around 9pm, we were told that we could order from either the breakfast or dinner menus. I ordered the Farmers Benedict, which was outstanding! I highly recommend it, especially for vegetarians such as myself. Perhaps next time I'll try California Omelette or the Pomegranate Waffle. Speaking of waffle, I tried some of the waffle fries one of my friends ordered and holy cow were they delicious!Very affordable, beautiful restaurant with a wide variety of menu items and great, friendly service!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,4/9/2010,4739,1870,21,18,18>BEST CRAFT BEER SELECTION IN ELMHURST... oh, and of course an outrageously rockin' wine list. Okay, I've been making a lot of declarations of "Best Beer Selection in_________ (insert town name here)" lately, but I do it all for you, my beloved and fellow yelpers. I don't want you people to miss out on anything that could drastically improve and enhance the quality of your life. On the night I came to Flight 112, I noticed my mom's fave beer, Duvel Green, and my fave stout, Two Brothers Northwind Imperial, on tap- which, by the way, is normally served in a 6 oz. snifter glass but they only had Two Bros Pint glasses... does that mean you get an extra 10 ounces on the serving in the pint glass? If so, score! Because Northwind Stout is 10% ABV. In addition to the tappers, they've also got 97357097327 other kinds of bottled craft beer to offer. Okay, it's not really that arbitrary number that I made up by mashing my number pad with my palm, but it's a lot... like 35 other choices and they're constantly evolving. And in case you were wondering, that selection includes the 60, 90, and 120 minute IPAs from Dogfish Head... yep, that's right folks! They carry the 20.5% ABV 120 minute IPA which is ever elusive in the burbies. Too bad I live so far from here... Anyone know any cab specials from Elmhurst to Naperville? Wait! I know, I can further indulge on the bites here to soak it all up. For din, I'd recommend going with a few friends so you can each order a dish to share tapas style. I went with the Spinach and Goat Cheese Flatbread that has fresh spinach, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, red peppers, and drunken (would you want it any other way?) goat cheese. It was heavenly! Next time I'll go with the Wasabi Zucchini Cakes (well, actually they're crab cakes but the zucchini is their vegetarian version)... and maybe get the flatbread again, too. I will say that the food takes quite a while, so don't plan on being in a hurry. It's meant to be a place where you sit back, relax, and imbibe on some truly unique wine, beer, and bites. And if you do get bored, the adorable bartender, Kyle, will certainly keep you entertained (for some good stories and pics, ask him about his trip to Thailand). Now on to the wine... I decided to err on the side of caution and have just one glass of white wine (keeping Carol Js dental advice close to heart). I went with the Seyval Blanc from Owl Creek Vineyard, which is a local winery... okay, it's in Southern Illinois but can we just pretend that Southern, Ill is still local? Thanks!    ...Anyway, it was delicious and the perfect thing to keep me warm on that cold and snowy night. Next time, I'm planning on doing a wine flight or getting the Kung Fu Girl Reisling because I like the name, and as some of you may know, I'm a Karate Kid and won third place in the Midwest Tang Su Do and Hap Ki Do regionals in 1997... though I was totally robbed of second place. Yea, you pretty much don't want to step to this, but do yourself a favor and step on over to Flight 112. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,4/8/2010,140,273,3,3,3>This place is a favorite gathering spot for several of our local friends and family. Sometimes we come when we have a buy one/get one meal - they actually honor the coupon on the meal I usually order even though it is technically an appetizer. (I get the garnachas...fancy nachos.)We've been happy with our food but I will say the salsa is a bit weak, and I am not a huge fan of their hotter version so I add hot sauce to the regular one. Weird, I know. The guys are great with refilling your water, chips and salsa.Service is prompt and they always get our orders right. Good ol' Chendo always takes good care of us! They keep the margaritas coming and we tend to think they're pretty good and always consistent. I really like their red sangria, it packs a punch and tastes delicious. Prices are pretty low, too.It's kind of dingy looking and parking is a bit whack, but you're in Coutryside...it's certainly not a grodie place or we wouldn't' return time and again. It's our go-to sit-down Mexican restaurant in the area even though PePe's is nearby. No nonsense - no frills. A lotta stuffing your face.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2009,4/7/2010,364,363,2,4,2>One location close to home, and another location close to work. Life is good...As a side note, my coworkers always argue about where to go for lunch. This is the ONLY place that gets NO argument when suggested. It's always a unanimous HECK YEAH.Just like the Lombard location, their Super Combination (also made into a tad bit smaller Lunch Special #2 for $5.95) and their veggie entree offer a great assortment for when you can't make up your mind.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,4/6/2010,0,41,6,6,4>I really like this restaurant as a great casual fish place.  Have eaten there 4 or 5 times and each time was quite good.  My favorite item is the grouper sandwich.  The fishtank is worth going for a meal in itself.  Between the Islamorada tank and the huge one inside Bass Pro, my kids think they're at the Shedd Aquarium!  My husband likes eating here too because we always seem to walk out THROUGH Bass Pro...hmmm.  Maybe they need to open good restaurants through some of MY favorite shops...lol.  :)
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,4/5/2010,9,35,16,5,7>The Viagra Triangle in Oakbrook - Ditka's, Tuscany, and The Clubhouse.  In my single days, it was common knowledge that the first weekend of the month was the time to head out to Rush Street - that's when the divorcees would be patrolling in gangs and spending their alimony checks.  You could always find someone to dance with.  The Clubhouse institutionalized that system with a raucous monthly event called "First Friday"- it appears that there is certainly no shortage of newly single people (or newly implanted chests) in the Western burbs.  Get there early. We go to people watch - Think Animal Planet - Predators and Prey.  Cougars - stalked by - I am not sure what to call the middle aged single guys - Hyenas (?).   I have observed that apparently the 80's fashions are in fact still "In" for single gentlemen, as is BRUT cologne -  I wish I could find my leather bomber just in case wifey boots me.... Where the hell in did I put my silk shirts?   When not catering to Cupid, The Clubhouse actually is a very good upscale restaurant and a regular part of our rotation.  Two floors - bar and dining on the main floor, dining room and several party rooms upstairs (there is an elevator). The bar is usually busy, the bartenders friendly, knowledgeable, and we are usually taken good care of.  They have an outstanding Sunday Brunch (worth 5 stars in my book) with prime rib, seafood, vodka pasta and a chocolate fountain among my favorites.  On the regular menu - try the carne asada cobb salad, lobster bisque, and if you like short ribs, get them here.  Prime steaks and seafood.  Lobster mac and cheese!  Meatloaf Sundae!  Good stuff.    Busy place during lunch - try the grilled filet Tuscan sliders on focaccia.  Take a nap at your desk.    We consistently get good service here and have had some very interesting servers (with personalities) who are regulars.  You can also usually spot a friendly manager making the rounds eager to please.Alas, with so many similar joints in the area providing a similar menu with good service, I hesitate to give it a full 5 stars.  Too bad I can't give  1/2 star to make it a solid four and a half - shave  1/2 off for ubiquitousness.....   Check out that First Friday event.  No cover, free appetizers, drink specials - DJ / dancing after they clear the food warmers.  Affordable entertainment!  Hook up with an unemployed fund manager!
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,4/4/2010,122,412,6,9,6>4.5 stars - first time there!What an awesome find!  This restaurant, tucked in a non-descript strip mall off of Lake Street, is easy to miss and has been the site of several Italian restaurants.  I pass by here frequently as it's right on the way to the local Caputo's produce store.  After hearing the buzz about this place from a couple of friends, one of who hails from Italy, we stopped in last night for a late dinner.  The place was empty (around 9:30), but the bartender/server was absolutely solicitious and helpful.  Here's a great tip about this restaurant: go for the specials if possible.  Now I did not order anything on the regular menu, which was fairly interesting and comprehensive for an Italian restaurant; and I'm sure that their regular entrees were good.  But the specials - very unique and have to be tried!We were going to order a buffala mozzarella caprese, but the server advised us to try another special cheese from the Apuglia region of Italy - apparently difficult to get in this country but the chef imports it in.  The cheese, burrata, is a pouch of bufala mozzarella, filled with panna (cream).  Served over a bed of fresh, delicious arugula, with a very thin slice of parma prosciutto, this is an absolutely orgasmic dish - simple combination of wonderfully fresh ingredients!As the server recited the specials, it was apparent that they do unique food - rabbit, goat, quail, unique fish - all can be found on their specials menu.  In fact, the server told us that if you are planning on coming in on the weekend, just call them and let them know what you want - they'll make sure it's ready for you!  Kind of like eating at your Italian grandma's house!We opted for the quail, done spectacularly in a demi-glace sauce; and an orata fish, which is a seabream fish common to the Bari region (where my gramps hails from!).  Baked whole with rosemary and olive oil, it was to die for.They also make an "almost" authentic version of Italian pizza - delish!Great selection of Italian wines and they carrry the Danny DeVito limoncello as well.They've also got these storage bins, located in a large cabinet on the wall of one of the dining areas, that you can rent to store your favorite wine selections, all available at a discounted price.  So you can go there with clients, start a bottle of wine, and then they'll store your unused portion in your bin to be used on another occasion.I'd give it 5 stars but I want to try it again before I do that.  Prices - specials are not cheap but not bad for the unique quality of food.  Menu prices are fairly reasonable. Pastas start around $14 and entrees can go upwards to $30.  The high end of the price range is for the more unique specials, though.Atmosphere:  it was pretty quiet when we were there, although the bar filled up with a couple of people.  Honestly, I loved the place - the owners and bartender were cool, full of information, and very friendly. They definitely take pride in their food and in their establishment.  Give it a try - it's a hidden gem that I hope does well.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,4/3/2010,29,77,2,3,2>For a vast selection of new books at competitive prices, there really is no better place to go than The Book Table. The store is large, but very well kept and easy to navigate. Their selection is substantial, and I have been able to find a lot of books that I couldn't get in your average book store.The staff are friendly and helpful, which is one of the most important things about a place like this. Far too often are otherwise great places plagued by idiot staff who treat the customers like lepers. This is not the case here. I have never had a negative experience with anyone there.Also a plus is the fact that The Book Table is very centrally located in Oak Park, no more than a block or two from all the cool locations in the town. Easy to get to all the nearby hotels and sight seeing events from there, including the Unity Temple and the Ernest Hemingway exhibits. Whenever I'm in town for the tourist attractions, I have to stop at The Book Table.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,4/2/2010,95,249,8,11,8>A freind came in from out of town, he lives in Atlanta now.  From what I understand not the mecca of ethnic restaurants.  When he comes in we go do dinner and catch up on life.  Oak Park's Klay Oven is a wonderful spot for this.  We sat at table surrounded by windows that look out onto Lake Street.  The service here is as excellent as the River North location.  Maybe better.  Because the host is pretty freaking hot, and he told me I look like Cybill Shepherd.  "A YOUNG Cybill Sheherd, right?" I asked.  "Is there any other?" he replied.  I love this guy.I had a fever the night we went, so some things have been forgotten.  But I do remember the Nan.  Fresh, fluffly nan.  One of the servers helped me pair the right nan with what I ordered without making me feel stupid.  She was sweet.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,4/1/2010,18,32,,4,2>Even if sampling olive oils in the same way you taste wines isn't your thing, I guarantee that a stop at Olive and Well will be well worth your time.  This place opened a few years ago in a primo, though for whatever reason jinxed, location in downtown Oak Park.  Even after my first visit, however, I knew this place was a keeper and would eventually become a staple on the Avenue (which it has). After not having been in in a long time, I went in over the weekend to do some holiday shopping.  Took no time at all to be reminded of why it is that I love this store so much.  Quaint yet sophisticated, down to earth yet complex, and unique, unique, unique.  Sondra, the proprieter, couldn't be sweeter -- to every customer, every single time you come in there.  She remembered that I was married a year and a half ago and made sure to ask how things were going.  Almost 8 months pregnant, she was sure to congratulate me on the baby-on-the-way and insisted that I come back in with the baby once the weather warms up so she can meet the little one.  In some stores, this type of chit-chat with the owner would be perceived as annoying or perhaps pushy -- but not here.  Sondra is as genuine as they come and knows more about oils and vinegars than I thought was humanly possible.  She always makes a great recommendation -- be it for a gift, a food pairing, or tasting.  I can't recommend this place enough for anyone looking to expand their palate or that of a good friend or family member.  Plus, you have the added bonus of being in the heart of downtown Oak Park, which is just full of cute little shops.Hands down, one of the better boutiquey food shops in the area.  This Oak Park location is jinxed no more!
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,3/31/2010,32,291,2,3,2>Rammy's is a perfect example of a Yelp success story.  Periodically, I will use my address and just search for restaurants within a birds eye view.  Mostly it's the same places that have been popping up.  Then the blip happens:  close to home, 4.5 stars, 4 reviews (all good).  Now, I have to try it.  A little off the beaten path, so I would not have found it unless someone I know or trust (like Yelp)  told me about it.  I had a fantastic sandwich called the radical beef.  It had a very interesting au jus and pesto taste and lots of meat.  I left totally stuffed and happy.  Rammy's falls into the category that I call the "gourmet sub".  I would not even bring them up in the same sentence with Quiznos or Subway.  Is it better than Potbellies or Jimmy John's?  It's not nice to compare three places you love, but Rammy's is making it into the rotation.  Rammy's has a quality standard and I think the sandwiches are more creative than PBs and JJs.  If you like PBs and JJs, try Rammy's toasted subs.   You have to love a excellent meal for under $10.    It's located on the north side of Higgins road, one door west of the Lou Malnattis.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,3/30/2010,71,110,3,3,3>I love love love this place!The first time I came here I couldn't get past the appetizer menu - so I ate myself into a food coma with the shrimp, egg rolls and soup. Oh and the wine tasting before - if you like to "learn" while you drink, this is a great way to do both. My parents and I went there for Easter - they didn't have a brunch or buffet (phew) but had a cashew encrusted grouper and filet Oscar. Both were divine. I highly recommend ordering a wine flight - for around $14 you get practically 2 1/2 glasses of wine - a great way to try a few wines and a good wine buzz. The best part of the experience is the dessert - save room and order the cookie dessert with a Reece's peanut butter cup melted on it. OH MY GOD.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,3/29/2010,117,89,4,11,8>U Gazdy is ever-so-conveniently located in walking distance of my house and also serves wine from the winery I work at - Lynfred - in neighboring Roselle.  My husband and I happened upon this place on their GRAND OPENING on a snowy day a few years ago and fell in love with the owners, Betty and Shawn, and everything about the place.The building:  first of all, U Gazdy is located next door to Helen's Deli (HELLO!) and all the gorgeous and authentic woodwork was done by owner Shawn and I think his father-in-law if I remember the story right. Ask them about the beautiful murals while you are there- they show landscaping of the Highlands of Poland, which is where their families are from. My husband and I love to sit at the bar because of the beautiful woodwork and listen to all the regulars speak Polish. We are not Polish but the servers all speak Polish and it seems to be a home away from home for many.The food:  P.i.e.r.o.g.i.s.  AMAZING!  The meat pierogis are my favorite (with a side of bacon and its grease to pour on top if you desire - I DO) followed by the Potato and Cheese. We usually order the Pierogis with an entree.  We personally love the cutlet or potato pancake with goulash dishes.  You always know when someone is ordering a cutlet because  you hear the pounding from the kitchen into the dining room.  Authentic Hylander Polish food that tips the border on extreme comfort food!!!  I can't even begin to tell you how much I love U Gazdy in Wood Dale for its food, people and intimate atmosphere.  If you live in city take the Milwaukee District West train and get off in Wood Dale - walk two and a half blocks west on Irving Park for a truly authentic experience!
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,3/28/2010,9,68,3,3,2>French bistro is my favorite type of cuisine, and Mon Ami Gabi is among the best bistros in the western burbs: casual and elegant.  True--the illusion of dining at a Parisian sidewalk cafe is shattered by the mall parking lot.  C'est la vie.I stopped in for lunch today and found myself the only fellow in a sea of  lady shoppers--a gentleman in jeans among the Ladies who Lunch.  It is, after all, in a suburban mall.  The food here, though, is always good.  This afternoon I ordered the prix fixe lunch--soup/salad, an entree (I had the steak sandwich), and a trio of mini-desserts for $15.00.  Even with a Campari and soda, my bill was only $22.The best part of the meal was the soup du jour--chilled watermelon soup.  The dish was simple but delicious: pureed watermelon seasoned with mint and cayenne and a touch of champagne.  That's an odd combination but it really works. (More about the soup later.)The staff is always extraordinary.  Two examples:A few months ago, I joined my friend T. for a three Campari and dessert outing at MAGabi.  After raving about the little butter cookie that came with his ice cream, T. asked the waiter if we could have another cookie so that I could taste one.  The accommodating waiter returned with a whole BASKET of these things.   (Yeah, they ARE good.)Today, after being bowled over by the watermelon soup (sorry--lousy pun) I told the waitress, Lisa, how much I enjoyed the unusual combination of flavors and asked her to pass along my compliments to the chef.  When she brought my check, Lisa also brought me a bag with a little container of the soup to take home ("For later," she said).One of my favorite words (and concepts) is "lagniappe," a Southern word meaning a small gift that accompanies a purchase.  The staff at Mon Ami Gabi (especially Lisa) really understand the power of a lagniappe.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,3/27/2010,58,375,3,5,2>I just moved to Geneva and was walking around my neighborhood and I stumble across this place.  A tiny restaurant nestled on the edge of downtown geneva and the edge of a residential neighborhood.  Outdoor seeating - check.  Martini bar - check .  What the?  No kidding there is a martini bar ...    The place is old but they did a great job with the place.  I went with my fiance and we loved it.  We tried 2 appetizers - capreses salad and the toasted ravioli.  The caprese salad is an item i use to judge italian restaurants by - everyone has it on the menu.  This one was good.  The right amount of oil, fresh basil and awesome cheese.  The tomatoes were ripe and just the right consistency (not too hard and not to squishy).  Toasted ravioli's were great - the meat sauce that comes on them is very good.I have the cavatelli and my fiance had the butternut squash ravioli in asiago cheese sauce.  Yeah - she won the food war hands down.  Both dishes were excellent!  I will return here often I think.  Service was great, food was great - a great dining experience.  They have a martini bar in the back of the place that has some cool live jazz music.  All in all a gem of a find - check it out next time you are in Geneva (Illinois, not Switzerland)!
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2009,3/26/2010,31,85,4,9,4>After reading other Yelper's reviews I decided to give the Elgin Public House a try. I must say that everyone was right, the food is FANtastic! I love pickles and the deep fried pickle spears were AMAZING. I think I've just discovered my most favorite deep fried food ever with that one!Also I had a tuna melt with cole slaw. The slaw was the best slaw I've ever had. It was not heavy and super cream ridden like most slaws. This slaw had a good ratio of creamyness to vegginess. Very light and delicious overall!The tuna melt was superb! It was not at all overly salty but had an ever so slight sweetness to it that was just fabulous! My girlfriend thoroughly enjoyed her grilled buffalo chicken sandwich as well.I will definitely be coming back...I can't get those fried pickle spears out of my head!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,3/25/2010,18,58,5,9,5>Still being the southern boy that I am, I look for the Waffle House on every corner. It seems I am chasing a ghost. Well I finally gave up one morning and decided to check a pancake house out. Now I was really hoping they would have a beast of a waffle, but instead there was just about every breakfast dish you could put your mind on. And of course, you could get a side of pancakes with the side to every order. I think my tastebuds went to pleasuretown! The pancakes were so good you would swear they sprinkled heaven on it. I think am addicted not and probably go back at least twice a month.The food is really cheap too, so all in all I would say if ever you find yourself hungry and in Warrenville... Check this place out. I know its breakfast, but you would want a to go box for what you couldn't finish!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,3/24/2010,38,146,3,3,3>I almost want to give the Tap House a low review just so we can keep it our little secret. We recently purchased a home within a mile of this place and wouldn't have know of it's existence had it not been mentioned in casual convo with a neighbor. It took us a few months to make it over there and when we found the place had no idea where to walk in but that's the cool thing. We like that it's small, we don't like that it's loud and the decor is a bit industrial but the food and beer is fantastic. We like the crab and artichoke dip appetizer, fish and chips, meatloaf and their Cuban sandwich is pretty tasty. Oh and the fries are fantastic. My husband had a root beer float the last time we were there and while not my personal pick was very tasty. The waitress said she has one every night which is a true testimonial.The beer...the beer is really good. Almost forgot, the prices are reasonable and the service adequate. Don't listen to the other nay-sayers...or maybe you should.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,3/23/2010,171,190,1,4,3>I thought I was on Beale Street slathering up my ribs when I was at Q the other day.  Actually, I went there twice this week, because I was so anxious to try everything on the menu.  I really dig their Sweet Memphis BBQ sauce.  The Carolina Vinegar is great too, but I want to buy gallons of the Sweet Memphis.I tried just about everything - the beef brisket, pulled pork, pulled chicken, the ribs, everything was outstanding.Want to know one of the best parts?  (drum roll....)THE FRIES!  Apparently they use some sort of 3-step process to do the fries that takes a long time, but it's worth every second.  I just love the fries that still have the tater skin on them.  Those are the real deal!The other sides include Mac N' Cheese (they put crumbled Goldfish crackers on top, that's cool), corn bread, great hush puppies, and smoky baked beans.Need something to wash it all down?  How about a can of Hamm's?!Go there now, and thank me later.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,3/22/2010,20,100,4,3,5>Oh Yelp, how happy I am that I have found thee... My epicurean experiences seem never to go wrong since I have started to follow your followers' whims.My family and I just got back from trying this place, and it made me want to cry I was so happy with the place.  It reminded me so much of the Korean BBQ places I used to go to in Beijing (where there's a huge immigrant population and thus lots of authentic fare).  As if that weren't enough, the owners are absolutely adorable!  The service is quick and attentive and they are so friendly and welcoming of our random questions.  I highly recommend the baby octopus as it was some of the most tender I've had in a long time.Do be prepared, however, to come out of there emanating the scent of charcoal and smoke. While you may view it as a sign of a satisfying Korean BBQ experience, your friends may be confused by your new taste in colognes. :)
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,3/21/2010,58,186,2,3,2>I was introduced to this place at a birthday luncheon for some coworkers.  Everyone pretty much stuck to the lunch specials and had a pretty good time.  Naturally, I needed to come here outside of work for dinner.So, I took my wife here on a Friday night and was greeted and seated promptly.  The place itself features separate dining rooms as well as a full bar.  The decor is pretty nice with art on the wall and classic white tablecloths.  Upon given menus I found they have a pretty wide selection as well as a separate menu for their expansive wine list.  I chose to have a glass of wine which went well with our dinner.  We went with an appetizer dish (Antipasto all Sergio), which featured Prosciutto w/fresh mozzarella, roasted pepper, artichoke hearts, & parmigian cheese.  It isn't a typical appetizer dish that I normally am accustomed to ordering but it was enjoyable trying different tastes.For dinner, my wife and I had the Ravioli alla Portofino, which featured Spinach Ravioli stuffed w/lobster & shrimp in a saffron & asparagus sauce and the duck dinner, which was a dinner special.The asparagus sauce on the ravioli was so good!  The raviolis had an awesome filling.  It was literally the best ravioli I've ever had.  My wife enjoyed the duck.  It also came with a side of zucchini that was seasoned and very tasty.  For desert, we had the "no flour" chocolate cake and ice cream dish.  It was chocolate overload.  Not really into sweets but that definitely cured any need for a chocolate fix if I ever had one.  Overall a great dining experience.  Some of the best authentic Italian I've had.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,3/20/2010,47,404,2,2,2>We've driven by a number of times, always thinking "we have to stop there sometime", due to the eye-catching exterior - someone made a good choice on their painter!Finally stopped.   Interior is every bit as cute as exterior.   Woman inside was a bit reserved at first, but gave us a genuine thank you as we left.  Her service was fast and accurate.  Surprisingly extensive menu for a little tiny restaurant.  In addition to standard mexican fair, they have enough american food (hamburgers, fries, grilled cheese) to allow a family with a fussy eater (mine!) to eat there.I had flautas combo (rice, beans, fixins).  Tasty.  Not being an expert on mexican food, and never having had flautas before, I can only say they were too crunchy for my liking - so I probably would not order again - but I suspect this is a personal taste thing, and not a problem with the food - all ingredients were fresh and tasty.Tasted hubby's burrito - an impressive beast.  It was good-good-good. As usual, hubby ordered the better item on the menu.  (Darnit!  How does he always do that?)Definately will return next time we are doing a St. Charles/Geneva run.Prices were reasonable - my combo was in the $7 range.    Would I recommend:  YesWould I return: Yes
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,3/19/2010,123,413,2,3,2>The atmosphere at this theater is completely kick ass. I love the waterfalls and big elephants. It feels like King Kong is coming down and going to kick some ass. The movie dork in me appreciates the wall of the vintage movie stars too. Yes, I can name everyone there (oh look, there's Jean Harlow.) I also give a plus because rarely are little kids running around being annoying. And they have alcohol too. That always helps when the movie is awful The menu is limited in selection with pizza, sandwiches and burgers. But it's also a little pricey. Almost four bucks for a soft drink is a bit high (even with the refill.) The whole concept of eating in the dark is an experience in itself. I was trying to shove a cheddar burger with BBQ (Whoopi Goldburger) sauce in my mouth and I was sure I was wearing more of it than actually eating it. It's hard to tell what you're doing to the dark. The service is great and you don't feel like the waitstaff is getting in the way while you're watching/eating. Hollywood Palms is a place to go for an unique movie experience. Not the best screens or audio in their theaters, but a great change of pace from the boring, multi-screen gargantuans of today.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,3/18/2010,78,342,2,3,3>Why would I give 5 stars to a simple breakfast/lunch place?  I don't give them out very easily...a restaurant has to be a pretty big deal to get a 5 star review from me.  But Tangerine deserves the 5 star rating.  Here's why:1) They take reservations on Sundays.  I cannot tell you how many breakfast places I have been in the area that will not take reservations making it difficult to dine with a big party - and hey, I always travel with an entourage.  2) They have drink specials for breakfast!  There is nothing like an alcoholic beverage to put a little pep in your step.  I had the Chocolate Heaven which turned out to be the best cup of hot cocoa that I had ever had. They also have several varieties of fresh squeezed juice for the less adventurous. 3) They have a great selection of breakfast and lunch items including specials.  You can go to most places to find your standard eggs, bacon and pancake breakfast platter.  Tangerine has something like this, but they also have really unique things like french toast with Nutella and strawberries.  It was a struggle making a choice, but I settled on the Banana Walnut French Toast and a side of O'Brien Potatoes.  Both were excellent.  The other things that the rest of my group ordered all looked and tasted good too.  The portions are big here and you won't leave hungry, you may even have leftovers.4) The service was great.  Our waitress was very friendly, attentive and had no problem splitting the check for us.  The decor of the place is nice - bright and refreshing.  I didn't have a single complaint about this place and better yet I am left wanting to go back to try another one of their amazing breakfast items.  The lunch items look pretty good too.  If you are looking for something a little different this is a great place to try in downtown Naperville and it is right next to a parking garage so you don't have a long walk to parking.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,3/17/2010,116,200,8,8,7>Is everyone eating crazy pills? China Cook is the goddamn BOMB.Decent Chinese food outside of the city limits is a rarity. How fortuitous, then, that I have TWO awesome Chinese joints within delivery range of me? If you guessed DAMN fortuitous then you guessed correctly!  China Cook could steam some styrofoam and serve it on a bed of broken glass and I'd eat it with relish. They could bring me empty boxes that just SMELL like their food and I'd dine with glee. China Cook is some of the best Chinese food I've had, burbs or otherwise. Firstly, their Mongolian Beef/Chicken comes with those crunchy little white noodles and anyone that's ever read a Chinese food Yelp of mine knows that's worth 5 stars all by itself, but that's not all China Cook does well. Their customer service is specta-frickin-cular. They actually give a crap about their customers and it shows both in the food as well as how fast and hot the food gets to us. They've given us free egg rolls in the past, they also gave us a freakin' wall calendar for the Chinese New Year. These things cost them virtually nothing but it's gotten them hundreds of dollars in business that might've gone elsewhere. Aside from the Mongolian factor, I can personally recommend the Pineapple Chicken with its sweet, creamy sauce and succulent pineapple, the Four Seasons special, the Lucky 7 special as well as the Honey Glazed Walnut Shrimp - all really delicious. They're located off Irving Park Road, tons of parking and really no space to eat there so order carryout or delivery and you'll thank me. China Cook - way better than your typical Chinese and a frickin GEM here in the Northwest burbs.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,3/15/2010,99,760,5,4,4>I think this has been said before, but Naf Naf has unbelievable pita. Like, whoa. Big, pillowy clouds of soft deliciousness, easily some of the best I've ever had, if not the best. I don't care if they make it themselves, or if it's store bought, but whatever it is, they sell it, and I will never buy pita from anywhere else again. To the rest of it - We sampled a pretty decent range of their food. I had the shawarma on hummus (as opposed to the sharawma entree), which was tasty. The shawarma was shaved off the cone fresh, very good, and their hummus was mild and not too garlicy/cuminy. An order of chicken breaded in a sesame mixture and fried as also good, and all their sides were good - the Israeli salad particularly was good, the falafel fresh and moist, and the basmati rice and tabule salad were also OK, although our tabule had a serious parsley overload. The red cabbage (which we got as a part of the vegetarian platter) was just so-so. I thought it was kind of flavorless, maybe a little more vinegar in the dressing to give it some more interest? Finally, I'm not a baba ganoush guy, but it was apparently good as well. All of this was pretty reasonable, too. My shawarma was I think $8, and it's enough for two meals. I don't think mine included pita though (but would have had I gotten the entree), so I would have to include about $75 to buy pitas (at 50 cents each) to slake my incredible need for anything that delicious. Also of note: They have good pita.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,3/14/2010,127,90,2,4,2>4 words... Hot Stone Foot Massage....Ok so I went there after a few of my girls had raved about the place.  And boy were they right.  As someone who has scoured the west suburbs for a decent and inexpensive nail salon I was really happy with what I found here. The decor is modern and relaxing.  The space is really big so you don't feel like you're being crammed into a little box.  The ladies are all wearing the same smooch which makes them look adorable and professional all at the same time.  And above all the place is clean.  I watched the ladies as they meticulously cleaned their stations after every client.  I was super impressed.  Not only that but they had all the new colors.  And unlike some places I've visited you don't have to purchase the new color to use it.Now onto my expirience.  I got a wonderful manicure.  It's been a week and just now is it starting to chip.  Which in my opinion is the sign of a great nail tech.  Then yesterday I got a pedicure, and holy cow it was one of the best I've ever recieved in my LIFE.  And I've had pedicures at spas that couldn't touch what this lady did.  She used hot stones to rub my feet and used a scrub to massage my feet and legs.  Now the only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the lady who cut my toenails cut them a little too low and they are uneven.  But hey I live in Chicago and it's winter so it's not like anyone is seeing my toes anyway.  LOL.  Bottomline this place is amazing and I refuse to go anywhere else to get my pedicure from now on.  Oh did I mention my pedi was only $20! and for an extra $12 they'll give you an extra 15 minute foot rub!  A must for anyone whose on their feet all the time.   Give it a try guys!  You'll love it!
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,3/13/2010,79,108,5,5,4>Mu Ping makes my taste buds sing.My stomach aches for their crab cakes.The yummy chips have to pass my lips.Woe is me they were out of Banh Mi.An absolute must try for anyone passing by, even if you already ate a meal, just get something to go and eat it later.  Everything is prepared fresh to order so average about 4 minutes of wait per dish.The people working here are great.  They have a mailing list in case you are interested.The dining area is pretty small, but they offer free Wi-Fi.Only open until 8pm M-F, until 6pm Sat, and closed Sundays.  I saw this place out of the corner of my eye while driving down York Rd and did a double-take.  I almost pulled a U-turn but traffic didn't allow it.  When I got home, I looked it up on Yelp and saw the glowing reviews.  It definitely did not disappoint.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,3/12/2010,40,242,1,5,4>Wow, this was my first experience eating Hungarian food, and it was fantastic!  I figured they would have the dinner buffet, so we could try a little bit of everything, and see what we liked, but that is only Wed-Fri nights, $15.95 a pop.  So I was out of luck and had to order off the menu.  But, what we ordered was damn good!My kids ordered the chicken tenders and fries, which was all homemade.  Hand cut fries, and real breaded chicken, not the frozen crap they serve everywhere else.  It was good--I snuck a bite.We had the langos, which is a lot like fry bread, with garlic butter.  It came with a tiny bowl of chiles and a bowl of sour cream, and it was all so good.  My hubs could not stop eating it!His food came with soup, as did mine--he got the gombaleves (creamy mushroom soup) which was good, and I had the borgracs guyas (beef vegetable) which was awesome in an I-can't-stop-eating-it kind of way.  I loved it!For the entree, hubs had the csirkepaprikas (chicken paprikas) which came with galuska (dumplings) and cost $15.95.  It was pricey--everything on the menu was--but it was good.  I only tried his chicken, not the dumplings, and it was tasty.My entree was the placki ziemiaczane po wegiersku (hungarian style potato pancakes)--so basically potato pancakes with beef goulash, sour cream and piroskaposzta (red cabbage salad).  The potato pancakes tasted like stinky feet smell--not good at all.  I think they were leftover from another night?  But I ended up not eating them.  The red cabbage salad was great, and the beef goulash was fantastic!Our waitress was really attentive and sweet--great service.  I would definitely return--I'm looking forward to trying the buffet!
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,3/11/2010,73,608,6,9,6>This is a fun place!  They have lots of sculptures by The Frogman, Tim Cotterill.  If you are not familiar with his work, his pieces are frogs, geckos and some other types of lizards.But wait, that's not all, this is also a beading place!  You know, beading, like where you make your own jewelry.  When I stopped by today there was a group of adults in the back working on stuff.  They told me it was "adult daycare" and they were laughing their heads off about it.  The back room has a table and LOADS of beads.  I'm not hip on all the terminology, but they had tiger's eye and some other exotic stuff besides the basics.  They have a schedule and offer classes as well as selling some finished pieces.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I haven't taken a class.  That is a big focus of this place, so I held off on that final star.  I will update after I check out the classes.So get some of your people together and go and make some pretty bling!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,3/10/2010,80,391,4,5,4>Oh how I love thee, let me count the ways!I've been going to Deerfield's for many years - I grew up on it.  So, when I needed a cake made for a special occasion they were of course my first choice.  And it was a good choice!  Oh, and if you're a fan of butter cream - I mean ultra gritty, super sweet butter cream - like I am get your next cake from Deerfield's.  They have one of the best butter cream icings I've ever had.Cake isn't the only thing I've had from Deerfield's - they sugar cookies are yummy as well.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  At the end of the day, I can't think of one reason not to recommend Deerfield's Bakery.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,3/9/2010,50,130,3,6,5>Let me start by saying I am so torn between 4 and 5 stars.OK the bf and I went for a later dinner around 9 on Friday. We sat outside on this gorgeous night. The patio is a pretty good size, but beware the street noise (esp. motorcycles) can get loud, it didn't really bother us tho!They started us off with complimentary, freshly made, potato chips with a kick - delicious. We each had a glass on white wine, reasonably priced -  kind of limited selection by the glass though.The bf had a crab bisque cup to start he said it was 'excellent' I had a caprese salad it was just OK.Entrees: I had the seared Ahi, blackened - literally the best Ahi I have ever had and the 'blackened' wasn't too peppery like it ususally is. The bf had Salmon stuffed with crab, shrimp, and brie. I wanted a taste, but settled for him scarfing it down and saying it was amazing.We split the seasonal dessert brownie, banana mousse, and sugar noodles - drool worthy.The service was outstanding. The best way I can explain it is : 5 stars for the area, but it is obviously not the same caliberr as Alinea or Tru, but it is definitely worth stopping at - and it won't break the bank!
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,3/8/2010,23,110,3,7,3>Best sushi in the Burbs. hands down!I believe it's fairly new but they already have loyal customers. The staff is SUPER friendly and they're pretty heavily staffed considering the place is small. They provide complimentary edamame and miso soup which always makes me happy. Plus you don't find a lot of places that provide complimentary items like that anymore... We had the fire crunch and godzilla rolls along with a udong and some salmon pieces. The salmon pieces were melt in your mouth delish and fresh. 2 pieces for $3.95 and the pieces were pretty thick as well! The udong noodles were cooked perfectly and the soup wasn't salty (which is what I typically find). The fire crunch is a must have but the godzilla roll was just okay. To top it off, at the end of your meal, they provide some refreshing watermelon :)I cannot emphasize how awesome their customer service is. My cup of water was never empty and they checked up on us to make sure we were happy with our food. The owner even came to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. I'm a sucker for great service :)
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,3/7/2010,29,92,6,9,3>I am head over heels in love with Paradise 4 Paws!!This boarding and day care facility leaves any other kennel in the dust. They are completely AWESOME at Paradise 4 Paws!!!Our little dog is like our baby (and they totally get that here). We went in for a walk through before making our decision and couldn't believe how detailed and attentive they were before we had even booked a reservation. Usually at a kennel your small dog is locked up in a tiny metal crate stacked on top of other crying barking dog, only let out an hour or so a day.  Not here! Each dog has their own room. The smallest being 4 ft by 7 ft. They get their own bed and some rooms have their own flat screen TVs and web cams!Outside of their own private rooms, the dogs have a large area to play including a pool they can romp around in! This is truly a luxury pet resort!! The dogs get up to 5 - 6 hours of playtime A DAY! That is more than we can give our dog when we are at home. Before staying, we had to fill out an extensive survey about our dogs personality and they made sure her "special individual" needs were taken care of. My favorite parts about P4P?1. Webcams - you can log onto the P4P website and watch your dog playing during their playtime. It was so fun to check up on our mini poodle while we were away. And come on, how could a kennel have several cameras recording them from 9-5 every day if they were not completely confident in their staff and facility.2. 24-hour pick up! You can come and drop off or pick up your pet whenever you want. Our flight got in late at night and we drove straight to P4P to get her. Other places you would have to wait for the next day. Phew, this is long, but I just can't stop RAVING!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,3/6/2010,101,102,19,10,10>If your crawl through Forest Park doesn't end up at (or at least include) this bar, you are doing it wrong.This bar is dirty, dingy, has a weird vibe, and is where you will run into at least four people you knew from high school. Even if you didn't go to high school here, it doesn't matter. That is the magic of Short Stop.This is the kind of place that hipsters would hang around in if hipsters had the brass to hang around in a bar like this. The seating is awkward, there's usually somebody doing something offensive and/or weird just outside the front door, and the breathalyzer test in back is wrong 99% of the time. The morning after a bender in Forest Park, you will call your friends to ask "what the hell happened" and at least one friend will say, "Got me. Last I saw of you was at Short Stop, then I don't know where you went." It is the magical portal to all nights gone wrong in so many right ways.Mysteriously, I never see this bar when I am driving down the street in the middle of the day. If I do see this bar in the middle of the day, it's because I am already half in the bag. This place is magic, I tell you. Magic!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,3/5/2010,81,49,4,5,5>Man oh man is this place good or what??!  I continue to be surprised this place exists in the west suburbs and not in Argyle.  They have amazing pho that will satisfy your craving and then more!  The beef broth is soo flavorful and is delightful to the pallet.  And the amount of meat is generous!  Make sure you get the one with a lot of meat with meatballs (forgot which #).  But the meat is tender and great, but was disappointed I didn't get my favor cut which is the tendon but they have me extra meat on top of it.  Pho just has an amazing flavor that incorporates all different textures in one soup.  You get raw bean sprouts, basil leaves, limes, and those awesome very hot peppers to put into your soup.  All this combines into a wonderful flavorful noodle soup that is out of this world.If you love meat like me, and you like texture along with good noodles then this is exactly what you have been dreaming of!And this place has other things up its sleeve!  Check out the sandwiches!  Oh man good price ($3) for a dang good sandwich!  Do not underestimate the Vietnamese sandwich.  They combine and master the different textures and flavors into a sandwich as well.  So get that grilled flavorful pork sandwich or their house which has three slices of meat; either or you will not be disappointed.Also I had the pork chop which i was skeptical since they said I'd only get one for $7.  But was craving it and it came out to be the size of my face.  So this was one big pork chop.  It was pretty good, a little dry but dipping into the sweet fish sauce made it delicious.  Either or if you are in the mood for Vietnamese food in the burbs then look no further!  This holds its own to the elite!
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,3/4/2010,31,78,3,9,5>I eat here at least once a week and have made my way through most of the maki and some other things. Here are some more menu suggestions:1. Pumpkin-Crab soup (don't miss this one!)Oh heck yes. This soup is the best ever. It's perfectly seasoned and has such a complex flavor but comes across as simple. It dances on my tongue and warms my belly. Yummo!2. Sen Staff Favorite MakiThis is probably my favorite right now. Very fresh and full of tastiness.3. Orando MakiWith hamachi, super white, jalapeno, and cilantro - this has a very "summer" feel to it. I like the crunch of the pepper. Such a perfect combination of flavors.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,3/3/2010,66,101,5,6,5>Every year for my birthday, I get the exact same birthday cake from here:Chocolate CakeFudge FillingChocolate Buttercream icing"Happy Birthday Gail"No pink flowers.  I hate pink.  No pink on my birthday cake!It is always the very best birthday cake I've ever had.  I literally will eat the small cake myself over the next few days, grudgingly letting other folks share.  I'm such a nice birthday girl.I also adore their pastries.  They have this one pastry, which has a special name I can't remember, that is layers of flaky crust and a huge amount of white buttercream icing.  I LOVE that pastry.  I try to get it anytime I go, and I eat it, and then moan from the sugar overload.  It's completely worth it.  Just make sure to leave time in your schedule for laying down afterwards.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,3/2/2010,31,97,2,7,4>Stopped in for lunch today. I was frequenting the mall often during my lunch break for Christmas shopping and I saw Orchid being built. It made me curious because I don't really consider Stratford one of the cooler, more modern, ... even successful malls. I always get the feeling that it's on the verge of closing. Orchid is totally the opposite. It's super modern, huge, spacious, and just sexy overall. It was pretty empty throughout my lunch--maybe the word hasn't gone out yet.I ended up getting the chicken box and the Stratford roll. Mmm. In typical Japanese-sushi place style I got a bowl of Miso and a salad with the orange dressing.The Miso broth and the tofu were typical but I noticed their seaweed was more... "sea"-ish. Yum. ^_^The salad was actually really nice. In most places the dressing is watery and on the sour side. This dressing is more smooth and "umami". I really enjoyed it. And they add what I'm assuming were thin, crunchy curls of beets. Delicious.The Stratford roll was awesome. I think it was shrimp tempura, avocado, this shrimp mix on top, some sort of pink wrapper, the unagi sauce, and chili tobiko. The chicken box was not exactly what was on the menu though. It was supposed to be served with some sort of mashed potato but instead I got another salad (which wasn't so bad ^_^). I also wasn't expecting 3 pieces of California roll... Maybe there was some sort of a mix up, but, I wasn't charged any more or less... and it was all good.They have ample seating and they look ready to accommodate larger groups. I'd definitely suggest stopping by.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,3/1/2010,15,70,5,8,6>Knead Marketplace is my go-to coffee house cafe in LaGrange. There are so many things about Knead that are great, but one thing keeps bringing me back: their highly addictive croissants. I've been digging their croissants for late breakfast for about 10 consecutive Saturdays in a row, and not one has disappointed. The maple sausage and provolone stuffed croissant is ohhhh sooooo good. Once I had the ham and Swiss croissant by accident (I ordered the sausage and provolone, but they gave me the ham and Swiss by mistake) - and it was the best accident I've ever had. The one that keeps my wife and daughter coming back is the chocolate croissant. My wife likes the chocolate croissant warmed, and my daughter likes it cold. I'll take it either way; it's simply delicious! Recently I've been ordering the basic breakfast croissant sandwich -- bacon, scrambled egg and cheese served on a buttery croissant. It never disappoints. There are plenty of other things about Knead that are noteworthy - most of them noted by other Yelpers. The pastries and baked goods are wonderful, and they all taste as if they're made from an old family recipe with lots of butter. All of their food is made to order, and there is a sign that thanks you for your patience in waiting for your food. Let me tell you - the food is definitely worth the wait. Their lunch sandwiches are very creative and interesting. Knead also does dinner Thursday through Saturday from 6-10pm, and it's BYOB which is a huge plus. I haven't tried Knead for dinner yet, but am thinking about doing it soon. The owners/chefs are from Emilio's Sunflower Bistro across the street (where Nickson's Eatery is now), and I've heard their food was awesome, but for some reason it never survived. A few more things about Knead worth noting: - Family friendly for all meals, including dinner - Small cafe-style tables, so not great for groups more than 3-4 people - High-quality food and beverage menu, which means you might spend more than normal but not obscenely overpriced - They have a small butcher case with selected cheeses and meats to buy by the pound - The coffee is good, and they offer free refills which is nice when you're handing out for an extended period of time (as I often am!) - The staff and owners are really nice, and always open for compliments, complaints and suggestions Knead is awesome. I hope they continue to remain busy, and they are here to stay for a long time.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,2/28/2010,73,255,4,5,2>I should preface this review by saying that I normally steer real clear of these touristy type places around this area. I went to this with my 5 year old son thinking it was going to be a totally stupid and lame experience. I'm not into the whole knights and princess thing whatsoever. But my son wanted to go, and it was Mommy-Son night. So we went.First thing I can say is that if you want to drink anything, be prepared to pay for it. However, if you are a beer drinker, they do have these huge honkin glasses that you can get filled with beer that will literally last you the entire night. It was worth the money. That was $24. A Cherry Pepsi for my son was $10.00. You see, they do not offer any other cups except souvineer cups.Second - if you have little kids with you, they are going to want the blinky swords or something like that. It's expensive. We got a princess hat thing made out of gift ribbons for my daughter and the thing was $8.00. A blinky sword for my son, which broke the minute he held it from the wrong end, was $15 and now resides in a landfill. If you are going to get that much money for those things, feel free to get some not made in China.While you are waiting for the show to start, the kids (or 79 year old man in this case) get knighted for their birthdays in the main hall. The announcer guy is really funny. The king advised to get out of his way or he would punch you in the face, which made me laugh - though then my son asked why the king was going to punch people out. When you get into the arena/theater/whatever it's called, I will say this upfront. IT IS WORTH THE 20 EXTRA DOLLARS TO SIT IN THE KING'S ROYALTY AREA. You get to sit in the front row. You get pictures for everyone in your party, and not stupid cheesy crap pictures, these are pictures of you and who you come with, in a nicely bound folder thing. At most touristy places you'd pay $20 just for the picture itself.The food was decent. You get to eat with your hands. I didn't like the soup. You drink the soup from a bowl and I have a hard time drinking soup that has hard crusty celery in it. So I skipped that. The dessert was nasty as well. I think it was supposed to be an apple pie roll up type thing or something. My son kept asking where the apples were. The show itself is good. You get to root for your knight and just kind of enjoy the horses and performers.The service, however, was not great. First of all, they don't inform you anywhere (at least that I saw, I could be wrong) that gratuity isn't included in the huge price you pay to go. Our server came by us at the end, dropped the tray in front of me and says, "This is my Tip Tray" and then went to the next table. Tacky. However, since I did not know that this was going to happen, I also only had a small amount of cash to give him. So, my advice should you choose to go here my Lords and Ladies, is to bring LOTS OF CASH - an imagination - and a sense of humor. And don't expect to get out of the parking lot quickly when the show is over either. That in itself took a half hour.GREEN KNIGHT RULES!
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,2/26/2010,21,78,2,7,3>I have been here for a haircut twice now and that is a record for me.  I always find some reason to be dissatisfied with a salon, which is why I am now traveling all the way to Elmhurst from Wheaton - I've eliminated all my options here!  Both times I've gone here, I have received EXACTLY what I wanted and the stylist has had great advice for me as well.  Also, because they have a wine bar and restaurant as part of the salon, you can order food or a drink while you're there.  This is especially great when your salon appointment is late on weeknight and you don't have time to eat dinner prior to it.  Also, I love the local art displayed around the gallery.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,2/25/2010,255,326,2,7,3>I almost hesitate to reveal this gem to the world, because a friend and I have (so far) had no problem coming back for things we unexpectedly saw in the window and finding them still there the next day. I think that when people start noticing this place, that won't happen anymore!If you're in the suburbs and looking for a good price on a like-new Coach, Gucci, LV, or other high-end bag or purse, this is your place. Often, you can find matching wallets and other accessories on the cheap to go with them, too. There's a big selection of jewelery, both new and used, and once in a while something truly vintage comes through. The shoe selection is so-so, and the clothing selection has a good range of sizes but sometimes can be limited in range of styles. I snapped up a lovely beaded summer dress this fall for $20 and according to the still-attached original tag, it originally sold for $175. I've also purchased a high-end blazer that was a really original piece--brown with blue accents woven through and "unfinished" looking sleeves and hem. I haven't managed to find a matching skirt I like in my size yet, but I'll give it time.At Halloween time, they also have costumes. Unless you really need something to read on the Metra, I wouldn't come here for books, and likewise with movies or random knick-knacks. Overall, though, this place is definitely worth a look, especially if you are looking for a purse and have champagne style but a beer budget.Added bonus: this is in a historic building. We have fewer and fewer left around these parts, it seems. I'm glad the owner chose to set up shop here in the old Masonic Temple building.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2009,2/24/2010,311,157,4,10,5>I've noticed that most of the people who don't like this place are missing the point about it -- I dare you to find a bigger Chinese buffet with more selection, and a Mongolian grill, and sushi, and serve your own-drinks for the price. I've been to at least 50 Chinese buffets and this one has the most consistently FRESH food -- and possibly because of their immensely high turn-over (it is usually packed this place, and the lady who was mentioning the Asian moms was possibly onto something).The seafood is good, the spicy chicken is good, they have nice stuffed shrimp and much more. I usually stock up on eating for days here.The think I like the most about it though is that as you get closer to the back, the buffets get more and more authentic. So if you are a guy like me who hadn't ever had nose or feet or strange octopus dishes before, this is an excellent place to sample them without laying out for an entree. The staff has always been helpful to me at pointing out their favorites among the more exotic dishes. I recommend you ask a staff member to point out a few favorites, they really know what they are talking about.I've never liked the New China Buffet across the street. This place seems to be getting ratings slammed by some New China bias enthusiasts so bear that in mind as you read through these reviews that this place might be experiencing ratings sabotage.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,2/23/2010,27,158,4,8,8>This place is simply amazing.  One of the best restaurants I've ever been to.  Period.Service goes above and beyond average.  Our server was knowledgeable, friendly, and unpretentious.  He knew the menu front and back, and offered excellent recommendations.Food was superb.Drinks ordered:  Stella Artois Beer and Cucumber Martini.   Obviously, beer is beer, but the Martini was light, refreshing, and delicious.  And better yet... My server didn't think I was given "enough" martini, so he came back and filled my glass to the brim.   That is frickin' awesome piled on top of some awesome sauce.  Want to make me happy?  Give me some liquor for free.  And the price?  $8 isn't too bad at all.Food:I ordered the special fixed prix meal at $25.  I received a glass of red wine, soup or salad (I upgraded to the Lobster Bisque) and I had the Cedar Plank Salmon.  For dessert, I had the Vermont Maple Syrup Cotton Candy.  For $25, that was flippin' amazing.  The Lobster Bisque had chunks of fresh Lobster, and some ravioli in it and was light, yet creamy.The Salmon I ordered medium rare, and it melted in my mouth.  Simply wonderful.The cotton candy?  Ha.  I LOVE cotton candy.  I've never had maple syrup flavored cotton candy, but it was reallllly good.  I brought some home to my puppy (cotton candy freak) and she loved it.  Don't yell at me for giving her sugar.  I aim to please here.My man ordered the Cedar Plank Halibut that was on special.  It was firm, yet tender, and had a nice smokey flavor to it.He also had the Clam Chowder, which I agree, was the best ever had.It was an amazingly relaxing evening, with great food.  The food was so good, I didn't even focus on the drinks for once.  And I heard many other people around me raving about their food as well.Price?  $80 range.  Which is GREAT for independent restaurants that focus on service and quality of food.  I'm hoping to make this a regular stop....  Any time we have a special occasion, this is where we are going locally.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,2/21/2010,25,58,5,13,5>I can't tell you how many times I've driven by this place while they were opening, patiently waiting for them to let me in!  Hubby and I were finally able to check it out the other day and it was really worth the wait.I'm going to say off the bat that I am NOT a sushi person.  I like the *idea* of it and have always wished I could love it but even when I ordered "wimpy" sushi, i.e. no raw fish, it always made me gag.  I thought it was a mental issue but then I had the most amazing sushi.  Well, at least to this novice.Hubby convinced me to do the spicy tuna roll - his fave.  I winced as it was brought to the table, thinking that I am going to completely embarrass myself.  It's not that the raw fish makes me gag it's all the rice and the nori.  Well, apparently, I've been eating complete crap for sushi because this was nothing like that.  The rice wasn't all packed tight and a mass of starch.  It was light and fluffy and fell apart in my mouth.  The nori... wait, was there nori in there?  I didn't feel a tough, fibrous mass in my mouth.  Yep, there was nori.  It melted away as well.  And the tuna?  It was creamy and delicate and amazing.  Then the little punch of spice kicked in and I was sold.  Hubby said it was the best he's had.We also ordered the chicken teriyaki lunch box and an order of ramen.  The teriyaki was pretty standard.  The veggies it was served with were kind of blah but that's fine.  The ramen wasn't what I expected, however.  I was hoping for a chicken broth but it was a miso ramen and.. well, one can only have too much miso, IMO.Their entree menu is pretty limited compared but it seems like the sushi is the main draw.  This place used to be  Subway and there is nary a trace of it anywhere.  The decor is calm and soothing, the pottery is beautiful and the staff is very helpful.They also do take-out and will deliver to a 2-mile area.  We will definitely be trying this place again and I suspect I will meet many a friend for lunch.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,2/20/2010,106,272,5,4,4>This pancake heaven gets FIVE, count'em, FIVE stars from me. My boyfriend and I have been here about 5 times in the past month for breakfast on the weekends and we have been pleasantly surprised with the food and staff. The one of the nice guys in the front who seats the customers knows us now and sits us in the same booth usually and I can really appreciate personal service like that - makes us feel important and keeps us coming back! We usually sit on the side by the little lake where we can keep a close eye on that pretty crane out there...yes, a CRANE...that bird with the loooong neck and loooong legs that I thought only lived in Africa somewhere...Their prices are great and I love their pancake and waffle batters.The coffee is delicious. The OJ is freshly squeezed. The waiters/waitresses are always attentive and NICE and the food is FAST!! Just what we need on a Saturday or Sunday morning.Sooo, if you're in the neighborhood and looking for a sweet, down-to-earth place to enjoy breakfast with your honey or the fam...stop by Maxfields!!The weekend can't come soon enough...
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2009,2/19/2010,104,319,11,16,10>Does it stink?  Heck yea.  Is it hot?  As hell.  Did I kind of feel like I was dying and fantasize about myself running for the door?  Oh for sure.  However, I absolutely loved both the practice and the enviroment.  As one fellow yelper said before, there is virtually no ego in this place.  I literally could have been in class with Mother Theresa and I wouldn't have known because I was so intensely focused on my practice.  You will exert yourself to the point of exhaustion but the benefits are innumerable.  The class is described as a "90 minute torture chamber" but the way you will feel upon leaving is worth every second of it.  The instructors are intense and you almost feel as if they are yelling at you kind of at first, like "hey, this isn't the laid back namaste schtick I'm used to" but you realize a lot of it is rhetoric once you complete a couple classes.  Besides, if they weren't somewhat hard on people, they'd be dropping like flies.  They repeat themselves a lot but it keeps the class moving and helps you maintain the postures.  If you are looking to go beyond your strength, beyond your flexibility, Bikram Yoga of St. Charles is the place to engage in an intense workout perfect for all bodies.  Bring water and a towel and wear as little as socially acceptable because you are going to be dripping sweat from every pore on your body.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,2/18/2010,363,708,4,9,7>Like Pier 1 indeed...I've known, shopped at, and supported Ten Thousand Villages stores since before I could drive myself to a Pier 1. Since it was called Self-Help Crafts of the World. There's not much comparison, really--one is a nonprofit store run by a peaceful, non-preachy denomination that ensures the people who make the goods get fairly paid for them; the other is a for-profit corporation that could care less about its artisans. (It seems like most people don't realize this is a Mennonite-run shop. See, we're not just shoofly pies and committee meetings!)Which is nothing against Pier 1 per se, but given the choice -- shop here! Set in lovely downtown Oak Park, you will do your conscience and soul a world of good. And the prices are wallet-friendly, the pieces are all handmade, with everything from home decor to purses to fair trade chocolate.Love this store. PS, tip for those unfamiliar with the area, you can park on the other side of Harlem in the shopping center lot for three hours for free. :)
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,2/17/2010,235,367,5,11,11>This has become one of my favorite places in Oak Park. When you think about it (and I have) it is probably the only non-chain place aside from Eric's Deli that is consistently open for lunch. Eric's is fine when you're with the kids or in the mood for a quick bite, but MSCM is a civilized, classy spot for a tete a tete with a lover or friend. When it first opened up, the service was spotty, but I think the crew has its act together now. I love how the chef uses local and organic ingredients whenever possible. I also appreciate the sensible portion sizes. Let's just say you probably won't need a doggie bag. I was pleased to notice today that they sell bread from the fantastic Labriola bakery in addition to the cheese, sweets and charcuterie in the market section. Do make a point to try one of their special turtle candies: dark chocolate, caramel, nuts, and a sprinkle of sea salt on top. Oh, lord. Take it from Yelp's resident chocoholic, it's amazing.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,2/16/2010,83,308,6,8,8>I first stopped in to Milan Chat while I was running around and needed a quick bite to eat. Not knowing there was a $15 credit card limit I also bought some tasty desserts. The lady at the counter was super friendly and let me try a slew of different desserts. I ended up ordering the Samosa Sandwich and bringing home a variety box of desserts, it was all super delicious. A friend of mine recommended a few other options to try for my next visit. Today I had the Mango Shake & the Masala Dosa - it's a crepe filled with potato and onions. Warning....The crepe is huge! Not exaggerating, it was as big as my arm! I really enjoyed it, but the next time I order this dish I will have to split it with someone! ; )   What I've tried so far:Samosa Sandwich - French Bread with Samosa, sweet sauce, and onions (a Samosa is deep fried potatoes & peas pastry)Masala Dosa - Crepe filled with potato & onionDahi Puri - Round Puri filled with potato, onion, sauces, & yogurtThis is a small snack/fast food-like Indian restaurant. The people are always super friendly and helpful. And so far I have enjoyed everything I have tried. Try it!
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,2/15/2010,191,194,2,8,7>I am always looking to broaden my horizons.  I love to learn about different cultures and sample their cuisine.  When I noticed Penang, I was intrigued.  I had never tried Malaysian food before and so I used the help of my fellow Yelpers to navigate the menu.  I took the advice of Ling and countless others and had the Roti Canai appetizer- fantastic!  We also had the spring rolls and our server was kind enough to provide an additional hot sauce for my husband.  I had the Beef Rendang- it was sublime.  My husband had the Sizzling Chicken, which was really tasty with a nice zing.  We both requested the coconut rice rather than the plain.  It's only fifty cents extra and well worth it.  All in all it was a great experience.  Incredible service, wonderful food, great ambiance.  In fact the artwork was so beautiful I wanted to buy one of the wall hangings.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,2/14/2010,850,1294,9,9,8>When I first moved here I had noticed the restaurant and made a mental note to check it out. I LOVE Balkan food. But their storefront was quite forgettable and the sign was so small that it was easy to pass by and not think twice about it. Now they are under new ownership.Fast forward 5 months and I'm taken aback when I turn the corner and spot huge Bulgarian flags and a sign in giant, ethnic lettering: MEHANATA. It practically screams at you to come in. The signs are bright and colorful, but the windows are curtained off and dark. It had us imagining the possibilities for a week.Mehanata is set up to host very large groups. My guess is that their clientele consists of those looking to catch some DJs or live music and that most of the money comes in from the bar and hosting birthday, religious and wedding groups. We came on a Thursday and were the only people there.Bulgarian hit music videos break the silence. The servers greet you, take orders, deliver the food and disappear. You dig into your bread, salad, fried appetizers, meat, dessert and alcohol. These things make up a complete Bulgarian meal. If you feel ambitious then you may even finish the evening with a Turkish coffee. It's a lot of food, so you should expect to take a lot of time. And you're not very likely to get the bill until you walk up to the bar and ask for it.All in all it was a good time. I would give 5 stars just for the experience and for being so damn excited at having this so close to me; however, I felt I've had slightly better food at other places. That's not to say this isn't A-MAZ-ING, but just not the best of the best food wise or with service. But that's true Balkan form and that's why I go.Oh, and my cat has never been one for human food, but he just stole the bread I brought home right off of my plate and wouldn't give it back. I can't blame him either. Their bread is quite delicious.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,2/13/2010,288,304,8,9,7>I should note that I am dieting so I could not order what I would normally order. Sigh...We lunched during the noon hour and got seated right away. I thought our service was good too.  My friend had her little one with her and the waitress was very sweet with him (but he's adorable so this was not a surprise) and one of the bus boys gave him a balloon...you know how kids love those balloons. They do have a "healthy options" section on the menu which consists of a couple of hashes (one veggie, one chicken) with poached eggs, oatmeal, fruit plates, etc. I wound up ordering a california chicken wrap...whole wheat tortilla, grilled chicken breast, avocado, lettuce tomato, easy cheese with a side of fruit. I 86'd the cole slaw & ranch dressing and asked for a side of balsamic vinaigrette. The portion was a good size and they gave me extra pickles - which I appreciated. I enjoyed my wrap but not nearly as much as I would have enjoyed my friend's lunch...She ordered a grilled cheese w/bacon which came with fries & coleslaw and also a cup of clam chowder. The portion was huge and it looked tasty...but it's hard to go wrong with anything that involves cheese & bacon. I'd love to come back for breakfast sometime...overall a good experience.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2010,2/12/2010,176,176,3,6,7>I have friends from Florida who grew up in Chicagoland and who always, ALWAYS stop at Barnaby's for pizza whenever they are in town. When their plane lands, these friends literally head for Barnaby's before they do anything else. They say it's simply the best pizza in the area. That's how I found out about Barnaby's.I had driven by this place several times and never knew it was there. It's a small, easy to miss brown building next to a large auto dealer on Golf Road, just west of Roselle Road. If you're not looking for it, you could miss it. Parking is on the side and behind the restaurant.Inside the restaurant the decor is reminiscent of a 1970's pizza place with heavy wooden beams painted brown, gray linoleum floor, brown wooden booths and tables, and dim lighting. Doesn't look like much has changed since the 70's except for some mounted TV's.This is definitely a family friendly place. Sometimes they have a magician going table to table doing magic tricks for the kids. Balloon animals were in the mix too.As far as the food, I've only tried their pizza. It's a thin crust pizza and is pretty decent. Not a show stopper in my book, but I can see how my friends really like it. Order at the counter and move over to the bar to order drinks separately, then find a table and wait for your order number to be called. Tables will be bused for you when you're done. Carry out pizza is put on a cardboard circle and a paper sleeve, just like in the old days.If you're looking for a family friendly place with good pizza at a very reasonable price, Barnaby's is the place to go. And there's something about the feel of the place that makes me want to order root beer when dining in. So that's what I do. Makes me feel like a kid again.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,2/11/2010,216,369,3,9,11>I thought it was strange when I discovered missed calls on my cell from China Gate even though I had not placed an order. Figured it was a mistake so I did not call them back. They tried calling again a few days later and this time Susan Cho left a voice mail saying she's sending the regular customers Christmas cards and was asking for my address. How nice!Even nicer that in said Christmas card was a gift certificate for $10. How awesome is that? It's nice to know when businesses appreciate their customers. I used this certificate tonight and got me some egg rolls, large order of shrimp gumbo (seriously a meal in itself, for only $4.25!), mongolian delight, and a small combo fried rice, all for a tad over $12 with the certificate. And did I mention that China Gates food is the freakin' bomb? Thanks so much CG!
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,2/10/2010,137,435,3,6,4>I love this place. I've been going here for years now and here's why.1. Agreeing with the reviewer below, this place is a hidden gem. Sanly takes a holistic approach, showing how my diet or stress affects my face.2. Service, while it might not have that polished corporate feel, is very welcoming and timely. I always feel at home whenever I go.3. I've been going for years, and as I've received treatments from her as well as followed her advice, adjusted my lifestyle to make healthier choices for myself, my face has over time, become much better, clearer. I used to have an acne problem. But going through regular visits to Sanly, as well as cutting back on a dining out diet and taking steps to reduce stress, my acne has not only gone away, BUT Sanly has done an AWESOME job with really minimizing, reducing and practically making the scars on my face disappear!4. I'm an asian woman so she knows how to handle an asian face. I don't know if its because I'm asian, but many people still comment that I look very young for my age though I am now approaching my 30s. Rest assured though I do see a lot of non-asian customers when I go and i can tell it's really catching on.5. My face always looks great when i leave and the facial comes with a neck, shoulder and upper back massage, in addition to a massage to the face. Her techniques are on point and very relaxing.6. She also offers her own line of products and esp. the toner and eye gel have worked well on my face. And if you become a long time regular, you may also get discounts on products.I honestly wouldn't go anywhere else or trust anyone else with my face and I will keep coming back.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2009,2/9/2010,136,719,2,14,3>Excellent modern little Indian bistro, not too long a drive for us, and we will be back.When we sat down they gave us some pappads and a delicious cardamom tamarind chutney, and dark savory chutney which we liked. The pappads are well cooked, unlike at other Indian restaurants.We ordered the mushroom pakora as a starter, and it was small and great-tasting appetizer.I ordered the mulligatwany soup and the sweet potato chat. The mulligatwany was rich with yellow dal, completely smooth and well-seasoned with few grains of rice at the bottom of the bowl for added texture. The sweet potato chat consisted of an appetizer (small) sized plate of cubed potatoes in a delicious, dark hued lemon-based chat sauce. Significant-other unit had the lamb vindaloo and labeled it the best vindaloo he's had in 13 years since coming to the US. The great part about this restaurant is that they give you a rice bowl with your meat entree as part of the price, and not at an extra fee.We finished our meal by splitting a kheer, which featured plump and juicy rice pudding topped by a sprinkling of badam and pista (slivered almonds and crushed pistachio). It was refreshing and a perfect ending.I also tried their apple/cinnamon juice, which is a fresh-made apple juice seasoned with fragrant cinnamon--a perfect autumn beverage which is a twist on the usual seasoned apple cider we're used to.All around, great value, an enjoyable atmosphere, and really great, up-tempo fusion music. If you are in the area and prepared to try a new, modern take on traditional Indian, take a look and you won't be disappointed.NOTE: they are still waiting for their liquor license as of mid-November 2009.The staff was relaxed and friendly, and the kitchen pumped out the food at good intervals - we didn't have to wait even though there was a large group of diners at one end of the dining room. The owner came out personally to talk to each table and check on the food. The Polish waiter was friendly, well-informed on what was available/freshest, and was prompt, curteous, and fast. I can see some delays in food preparation/serving in the case of a full-house/busy evening, but the quality and freshness (no cans) merits a trip or two at the very least.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,2/8/2010,174,261,7,10,10>Val's is one of the last remaining gems of a retail industry moved mainly online.  Val herself is one of a kind.I love that I can bring my dog here, and I love even more that I can sing a song to Val and she can tell me what it is.  I appreciate the kitsch, but am sad that things have changed since they had to move.They don't have the best selection of new releases, but I like to think of this as an antique or thrift store, or one that caters to that special nitch crowd of true music lovers. If you're looking for vinyl, indie, or that hard to find used item, check here.  If you're not quite sure what you're looking for, Val will happily help you figure it out.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,2/7/2010,287,787,5,10,11>I already love Oak Park, and I really didn't need another reason to visit, so Bleeding Heart Bakery is just extra icing on the cake.  I have never visited the first location so I really didn't know what to expect with the baked goods.  And in a nutshell, they were pretty amazing.  Good coffee to boot!I picked up an assortment of goodies for a group of us to share.  Oohs and Yums all around!  I got a few cake balls to try since I had no idea what a cake ball was. I didn't find anything great about the sweet potato cake but really liked the red velvet. The Strawberry Shortcake cupcake was shared between two of us and it was very good.  I loved the icing--not too sweet. And a fresh strawberry taste all throughout.  There was a chocolate/beer cupcake, and even though the server behind the counter had never tasted it and couldn't give me their take, I got it anyway. So let me share--it was really good!  Good chocolate flavor, not at all "beer-y" but was very moist.  What I loved the most were the bars.  First, they are HUGE, not good-serving-huge, but share-with-a-friend-or-two-or-save-some-for-later-­huge.  Second, they taste amazing.  I tried the lemon bar and the raspberry bar and even though I am a cupcake fanatic, the bars would be my go-to here. Third, go get some, yes, go try them or go back and get some.  Service was very friendly and so patient with a newbie liked me who couldn't decide what I wanted.  Smiles, coffee and bakery goods in the morning?  That's the way to start the day!
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,2/6/2010,646,300,6,6,5>The Fried Chicken King of Chicago is right! Chicken wings were crispy and stays hot for the drive home. This place gets an A+ on packaging my food right. I like how their wings sit on a bed of fries held together by 2 slices of bread, the juice soaks in the fries from the wings and taste DELICIOUS!!! I would suggest call ahead your order because it can take 10-15 minutes to prepare. That way you don't have to stare at the wall while you wait.I enjoyed the hot sauce with my gizzards, although a bit spicy...it made it all the better! Food portions are large so you better be ready to chow down or leftovers will haunt you for the next day.Will I go back? Oh yes...holla at yo' boy Harold!
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,2/5/2010,120,162,7,9,8>If Germany offers the veggie schnitzel, consider me MIA and about 20 pounds heavier.  Depending on how fast that schnitzel metabolizes, I may be paying for an extra seat on the flight home.German food is not typically a part of my veggie diet as this country's culinary creations tend to center around meat and potatoes. And if that isn't enough to make you an obesity statistic, there's always dumplings. However, when there is a "Vegetarian fare" section on the menu, I'm left feeling pretty content in competing with my carnivorous party for the fullest tummy.  Yes, vegetarians, eat like a meat-eater without guilt here.  Also, the beer selection can be a bit intimidating since this could be the Quenchers of the suburbs, but the servers know their beer.  Ask for a suggestion, and they'll give you something catered to your taste while still keeping it creative.  Taking my family here for my dad's birthday was a real pleasure.  Trying something new for a birthday celebration is always a risk, but the Lodge left us complaint-free.  I also came here a couple months ago with a much bigger group, and the service was just as intimate.  Oh, and don't even try leaving without dessert. German chocolate cake?? Why stop the calorie-packing now?? Just assure yourself that you'll be too full to eat for the next couple of days.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,2/4/2010,4739,1870,22,30,27>The perfect little weeknight date/ meet up spot with my main girlie, Alicia B. Service: Superb, Knowledgeable, and Sexy Drink: Straight up Champers and Mimosas, on the cheap ;) So what if it's a weekday... that's how this peach rolls. Food: A to the Maze to the Zing! We got these delicious mushroom and cheese croquettes, veggie burgers with fresh cut fries, and a  delicious vanilla cupcake. Next time I'm getting the stuffed squash that I saw every table enjoying... I would have gotten it this time around but they had run out for the night. Too bad and so sad for me... BUT nice to know that everything is made in limited quantities because it's fresh every day. This is my kind of place. Their menu is innovative, fresh, and healthy. There are bunches of vegetarian AND vegan friendly items, the portions are big, and did I mention the sexy service? The front of the place is more of a coffee shop/bakery and the back is where the real eaters go. I CANNOT wait to go back for breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner... maybe all in the same day!
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,2/3/2010,364,363,10,13,8>I need to get my review in quickly, before I explode from so much overeating. To get 5 stars from me, everything about a place has to be top-notch. The service. The cleanliness. And of course, the food. At Taste of Thai, everything was. A fresh rose at every table. A soothing fountain in the background. Muted lighting. Nice.The husband and I started with the Thai Platter. Sweet baby Jesus, that was almost a meal by itself. Chicken satay, pork satay, egg rolls, baby egg rolls, fresh spring rolls, mee krob, crab rangoon, golden triangles, pot stickers, and silk purses. Elegantly presented and quickly decimated. I had to try the Tom Yum soup. Very generous chicken breast, tangy flavor. Yum is right! This would have been the perfect time to stop as my stomach was already giving me plenty of  "me full" signals. But since gluttony is my favorite sin, and Pad Thai my favorite dish, I plundered on. I know a previous review said that their Pad Thai was soggy and the sauce was just "meh". I have to say that this was the best Pad Thai that I have eaten since moving to the burbs. THE BEST. Again, very generous with the chicken breast and the perfect blend of sauce, noodles, bean sprouts and peanuts. I ate half and declared I would take the other half home. I then spent 20 minutes of "baby-stepping" until the last half was gone. I desperately wanted to undo the button of my jeans because I couldn't breathe but there were other patrons in there and I didn't want to embarrass myself. Don't ask me how I managed to also eat banana eggrolls for dessert. But I did. The husband had Thai fried chicken and banana sticky rice. He was not a fan of Thai food until dining here. Even he raved about everything, including the cute, efficient, and very friendly waitress. Ladies, have you ever been SO full that you not only had to undo the button of your pants but your bra as well? I should be ashamed, but I'm not. There will be no turkey tomorrow stuffed as well as I am tonight. Word.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,2/2/2010,30,52,6,10,8>I never knew that I could fall in love with a store full of yarn!  Chix with Stix is an awesome boutique store in downtown Forest Park that is warm and inviting.  The owners/workers there are inviting, and most of the patrons are also.I took a class there a few weeks ago.  Through a schedule mix-up that was entirely my fault, I found out just how patient and flexible a knitting teacher (Sue) could really be.  The class was three one and a half hour sessions, and I was out of town for the middle session, so Sue arranged with me to make-up the lesson during one of the open-knitting nights.  And she wasn't only just patient with my scheduling snafu, she was very patient with my silly rookie knitting mistakes!The open-knitting night that I went to was really enjoyable!  I am not usually much for forced socialization, but I really did enjoy the hour that I spent knitting here.  The store is well-lit, clean, and comfortable.It is a bit pricey for yarn, but while browsing on the internet, I found very similar prices, plus Chix with Stix is in a convenient location and the selection they have there is amazing.  The workers there are always willing to recommend a medium for knitting or crocheting or help with questions about a project.My only "con" about this place is the limited hours that it's open (usually 12 noon to about 7 pm) on most days.  I also wish that there were more classes offered.  The staff is so marvelous that I just can't get enough Chix!
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,2/1/2010,143,203,12,17,14>Is it INSANE that I look forward to waking up early on Saturday mornings because of the OP Farmer's Market?  Thought so.  And, I do.  I actually get giddy over it.* $1 bag of fresh cat nip for my kitty.  He gets one every week.  Spoiled cat.* Only the freshest and most in season fruits and veggies.  All grown by farmers within a 200 mile radius.*  Fresh flowers to brighten my kitchen and my day.* Donuts.  The donuts that everyone talks about.  I have yet to savor them.  I WILL wait in the line this year.* Always a come one come all, free for all live blue grass jam session.  Grab your instrument and come on down!  Anyone is welcome to join in.  I always stop shopping and listen for a bit.Last year the chef from Trattoria 225 started doing the occasional cooking demo here.  He'd creates a recipe based on what is in season and will be available in plenty at the market.  This is what actually enticed me into his restaurant.  Great addition to the market!OP Farmer's Market is definitely not a large as Green City, but it has a heart almost twice the size!
