<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,11/26/2014,72,77,,5,1>Great Food!  I was really confused as to what to expect from Cooper St.  It is in a location that used to be a bar with a bit of a reputation and it literally burned in a fire and I wasn't sure if this place was related.  ...But I had heard it was a good place so I dropped in for a late lunch.This place is in no way related to the old bar that used to be there.  It has nice booth seating, or a great bar, with wonderful large TV's viewable from most angles.  There is a couch in a seating area that feels almost like a private room to watch a game on a huge TV.The food shocked me the most.  Wings, burgers, gourmet pizzas and more...surprisingly awesome.  I guess I was expecting something like bar food - nope.  Great dining, nice location near the mall, decent pricing, nice people, nice decoration...oh, and they have drinks if that interests you.  I saw kids in the place so it is family friendly but I am not sure if I would take them at night.The chef actually came out, asked me how the food was, shook my hand, etc.  I'll be back.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/25/2014,80,42,3,3,3>Authentic Mexican street vendor style food.  Made fresh to order, aside from the soups, the food is clean, excellent portions, and flavorful.  Authentic homemade Mexican beverages also grace the menu options.  Located inside of a shell gas station, this place gets overlooked by all except those who are just indulging in their native cuisine,  that's how you know it's good; for them, it's like home.The flautas, tacos, burritos and fajitas are delicious and plenty of food.  The rice is tasty, and the beans are smooth and not filmy.  The homemade salsas are unique and crowd pleasing.They have just recently revamped their posted menus to a colorful, picture documentation of their offerings.  Also, feel free to customize your order!  Speak clearly, though, there's a reason why this is so authentic!  They've never once gotten my order wrong, so I'll continue to enjoy fairly priced authentic Mexican food.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/24/2014,399,374,2,11,9>Being born and raised in Fort Worth, TX and into a family that was always entertaining and known for the family BBQ's, writing a 5-star review of a BBQ restaurant means it was something special. My wife and I are in the Mansfield area once a month to get our hair cut and we're always looking for new places to eat lunch at. My wife is NOT a big BBQ lover, she'll eat it but she won't go out of her way to seek out BBQ joints like I do. I'm always seeking out the perfect Q.Today, in my opinion I hit BBQ nirvana I had read all the reviews on YELP but was skeptical if Big D BBQ was THAT good. Well, it is. By the way, Big D doesn't have anything to do with Dallas, Big D  stands for "Big Daddy", the owner's father who taught "the boy" the business of barbecuing, and he taught all of them well. The staff/owners are so accommodating and friendly the minute you walk into the door.You order at the counter and they prepare you food for you to pickup on disposable paper trays. The prices are VERY reasonable for what you get. Today I ordered the 1/4 slab of ribs, plus potato salad and cole slaw. My wife ordered a sliced beef sandwich and chips. Big D BBQ has applied for a beer/wine license but it hasn't been issued yet.Big D BBQ offers two different types of sauces, both thick and with a touch of sweetness. Other than what they call "Original", they also offer a 'Spicy/Hot" version. I tried both and really couldn't decide which one I preferred. They were both outstanding much like the homemade sauces I make here at home.Let's start with my 1/4 slab rib plate.It consisted of 4 very meaty ribs, potato salad and cole slaw. the ribs come "dry" and that's the way I like to eat them. Big D's "rub" had a nice spiciness to it. The meat was falling off the bone, but the ribs were not dry in taste at all. In other words, the ribs were smoked to perfection. The minute I bit into one of the ribs, I knew I was tasting perfection. The cole slaw and potato salad were both very good. I especially like the cole slaw since it wasn't overly sweet. The potato salad had a great consistency.I can't wait to try other sides  next time I'm in. One of the owners came out to visit at our table to let us know that everything is made in house except for the banana pudding and their cobblers.As I mentioned my wife is not a huge BBQ fan, she will eat barbecue but it's not on the top of her list of foods she really enjoys. When she ordered the sandwich at the counter, they asked her how she liked her brisket, either very lean or with some fat included. I was very impressed by that. The bun of her sliced beef sandwich was obviously a homemade bun, not a commercial variety. When she got back to the table with her sandwich and took a bite, she smiled and said, "Now this is a BBQ place that I'll definitely want to come back to!" She said the bun was absolutely incredible. There was a lot of "texture" to it so it didn't tall apart when saucing the meat.All of us were sitting at the table visiting when the owner brought us out a "teaser" of banana pudding and peach cobbler. Oh my goodness, both of the desserts were heavenly. I'll have to eat "lighter" next time we're in so I can save room for dessert. It'll be a hard decision to choose. They said sometimes they have blackberry cobbler and it's wonderful.I can't recommend Big D BBQ highly enough. Take the time to drive out to Mansfield and dine on some of the best BBQ you'll ever experience. On Saturday evenings, from 7:00-9:00, the offer live music to dine by! That sounds like the perfect date night to me!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,11/23/2014,33,141,4,5,4>One of the biggest challenges since moving back home has been trying to find some good parks to take our four legged friends too.  This is a really great one, too bad it is too far to regularly come to.First off, the entire park around the dog park is great. I grew up in the area and am really proud how much work Euless has put in to develop and maintain their parks. Bear Creek itself has a great series of trails including one that stretches out to Bob Eden park up by 121. My wife is a runner and I am more of a loafer. On a weekend I will drop her off at Bob Eden, then drive to Bear Creek.  The Basset and I will make a lazy attempt at walking a little bit, then head to the dog park to sniff. It works out pretty well. She gets a few miles in and I get to sit around. Win win!The dog park is very open. The spot itself is pretty flat, but they have added in some benches along with several big rocks and some cool doggy obstacles. Definitely enough landmarks to keep the dogs interested. There is also a fenced in area to hose off your dog (or yourself I suppose).  Though that would be weird. Really weird.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/22/2014,77,119,3,5,5>Oooo do I love sandwiches, so I was excited to try this place. I had the roasted turkey + ranch, quite delicious, and a perfect portion. You get homemade chips with it but for $1 extra you can sub with sweet potato fries. I'm not a huge fan of sweet potato fries, but when I tried my friends I regretted my decision not to get them. The chips are good, but the fries are salty with a hint of cinnamon and sugar..a pleasant  and tasty surprise. The inside is very cool, you feel like you're in a beach house. We came for the lunch rush and after ordering up front our food came out pretty quickly. It's a busy little area that shares a parking lot but there's a big parking garage next to it, so not to fret. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/21/2014,68,134,1,5,4>Hubby and I stayed here Friday and Saturday night as we were attending a wedding in downtown Fort Worth.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by the two delightful ladies AND the most amazing chocolate chip cookies.  We also met the puppy, Chloe and the neighborhood kitty, who I dubbed Orange Kitty because I forgot his name.The house is beautifully decorated and guests have full run of the downstairs rooms, including the one with recliners and the amazing old typewriter office room!Three guest rooms are located up the creaky stairs, along with a fridge with sodas and waters, a K-cup coffee machine and snacks, including popcorn.  They thoughtfully included a microwave in this area, so it's an amazing perk.We had breakfast both days and my fave was the eggs Benedict.  Hubby doesn't eat meat, so they dressed his with spinach and tomatoes.  We ate every last bite and left two happy pandas!On Saturday evening, hubby and I visited the pool and just quietly paddled around, enjoying the unseasonably pleasant Texas weather.  Another wonderful touch is the basket of pool towels and sunscreen!Such a relaxing place, so very close to the happenings of downtown and Sundance Square.  It was about $8 for the two of us to take Uber from the YWCA to our quiet hideaway, which makes this an even greater bargain!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,11/20/2014,37,46,3,3,3>This place is so hidden! My friends always end up passing it and getting lost. I've been here about 5 times since it opened over a year ago. It's nice and clean and because it's so hidden, there's never a wait. I noticed there were quite a few filled tables today and it was a weekday during lunch.  So far, I've had the suzushii roll, the baked salmon, and the sumo roll, and a few other not as memorable rolls. I had the bento box a while ago. I don't remember anything special about it aside from the fact that The price during lunch wasn't bad and that I was pretty full. It came with 4 pieces of a California roll, as well. As for the rolls, the Suzushii basically has fresh raw salmon on Spicy crab, cooked eel, and cucumber with some lemon ginger cream sauce/ masago. Not stingy with their fish at all, which was awesome. The baked salmon has cream cheese and is baked and topped with sauces. I didn't make it sound that great, but it's delicious! These two are easily my top two favorites. You can see for yourself why :PThey have a normal menu with everything and a side menu that has what each roll features, whether it's cooked or raw, spicy, and the price. Very helpful. The special rolls range from about $9-$12. The simpler ones are cheaper. They have a lunch special with the classic rolls. 2 rolls for $9 and 3 for 12. With a few more to choose from than Domo's lunch special like the eel roll. The servers are pretty nice. Make sure you print off the $5 for 25 coupon though. Showing them isn't enough. There's only one or two sushi chefs, so they bring out our orders one by one most of the time. Sometimes you won't get your second roll until you're almost done with your first one. I guess that's not too big of a problem unless you like to alternate between rolls like I do sometimes lol. Rolls are pretty good size. One should be enough but I like to get two (;
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,11/19/2014,20,33,4,3,4>This is one of my favorite Viet places. We used to eat here every week after church when we lived near the area. Yes, service isn't as attentive as the "American way," but this isn't fast food. It's been around a long time so it's not flashy or fancy and the booths have tears in them, but whatevs.The eggrolls are still my favorite. Very few, if any, make their eggrolls the traditional northern way. It's so crunchy on the outside but chewy at the same time and the stuffing is good too. I love the plate of veggies they provide with it.I normally order the hu tieu xao do bien but my Special Friend ordered it this time and my Best Friend ordered hu tieu xao thap cam. We love this dish because the big flat rice noodles are fried crispy on the edges and soft on the inside without being soggy. There's a lot of sauce and it's flavorful. There is a lot of veggies and seafood/meat. They both like to drizzle Sriracha all over and sprinkle with black pepper but I like it the way it is. I think it's a very good sized portion.I ordered bun tau hu ky chao tom thit nuong cha gio. The vermicelli is slippery so I have to eat with a fork. I'm an embarrassment to my people because I don't use chopsticks well. The bean curd is solid. It's good stuff, and it tastes similar to the shrimp paste, which is also good. I like the shrimp paste wrapped around sugar cane but that's not how it is here. The grilled pork is flavorful and I like the fatty pieces....haha. And of course....more eggrolls!! I usually ask for another bowl of fish sauce because I drown my bun with it. I love fish sauce.I think they are closed on Wednesdays. I will always come back here when I get a chance.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,11/18/2014,91,106,4,5,3>Even if you don't like baseball the experience you have here will be one for the book! I only watch baseball in person because the game is more exciting and you get to have fun at a ballpark. This one has ample parking, easy in stadium navigation, good food, great fans and polite employees. This particular time I had AMAZING seats but I've also had nosebleed seats (kind of) so don't think your experience is defined by where your view is.There is plentiful parking around the ballpark with free shuttle if you park farther and cheaper. If you drive a Lexus you do get free valet (until the spots are filled) and once they are you can pay $40. The surrounding lots vary by price but parking in lot G with an assigned spot is best, if you can swing it. Once you get into the stadium there are signs everywhere so finding your section or food area is very easy. And if you still have a hard time there are lots of employees scattered throughout the stadium to help navigate you in the right direction.I had access to the Capital One buffet which is in their executive suite and I recommend purchasing this option if your seats don't come with it because it is totally worth it. You not only get great food but a great view as you eat too (right behind home plate)! There are two food stations separated by hot and cold dishes. The hot area included prime rib, potatoes, assortment of veggies, pasta dishes, hot dogs, french fries, hot wings, nachos and other typical stadium food. After the 4th inning the options are just your standard stadium fare so try to eat before then. The cold area included salads, fruits, veggies, shrimp options and lobster ceviche. The desserts were my favorite part. I wanted to tell the chef "one of everything" but self control kicked in and I got two very small slices of carrot cake and cheesecake. They also had chocolate cake, red velvet cake, cupcakes, pound cake and 4 other cakes I don't recall the types.I try to attend as many games as possible throughout the season and this time must have been my best experience. The Rangers won too so that was just the cherry on top.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,11/17/2014,25,42,5,5,5>In my two visits, found the chicken biscuits (especially the Kaye with jalapeno cream cheese) to be one of the best sandwiches in town. The chicken is fresh, generously cut, and well portioned between two halves of a perfect biscuit, slightly crisp outside and soft but hot inside. As a friend commented on our inaugural visit, they have the whole dough thing down. In addition to biscuits, they make regular donuts, too, including the rich "blueberry cake," a perfectly filling if not nutritionally advisable breakfast. The interior of Hypnotic is a re-purposed ground floor (earning points with Denton's aesthetic) in an existing structure, and the floor of the shop is sunken by four or five steps, adding a pseudo underground vibe. People in the center of this town appreciate a new business making use of the buildings we have rather than dropping new boxes. Kudos to Hypnotic for understanding their new neighbors a little. Cultivar Coffee is in here, too, sharing the space, and they're an incredible espresso shop which deserves a dedicated review and Yelp page.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,11/16/2014,99,127,5,7,6>Do you like Texas BBQ? Do you like hole in the wall dive bars? Do you like dive bars that serve amazing food? Do you like attractive waitresses? If you answered three out of four with a "yes"! Then The Smoke Pit is right for you!Heck who am I kidding if you just love BBQ this is the right place to chow down Texas BBQ goodness.The outside is totally close to dilapidation but don't let it fool you. Once you walk in you will see that it's a BBQ restaurant that happens to be a dive bar.The waitresses are very friendly and quick to take your drink or meal order while wearing cowboy boots and shorts. I highly recommend going for the special of the day. So far I have had a ribs basket, two inch thick pork chop, brisket, pulled pork taco, onion rings, and french fries. My favorites are the AMAZING two inch pork chops. OMG! It's spectacular. My next fav are the ribs. Sweet Christmas they give you plenty and each chomp of rib meat is good from the first bite to the last. The BBQ sauce is vinegary-sweet tasting which is ok if you are into that but the meat r you can eat as is with out the sauce.The onion rings are huge and crunchy, the fries remind me of fair fries and they always give you plenty.Lastly the beer is cold and hits the spot.All in all the Smoke Pit is a BBQ joint dive bar with lots of locals, cheap drinks and attractive waitresses and I wouldn't have it any other way. I can't wait ti go back!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/15/2014,51,46,4,8,4>I was so pleasantly surprised by this place that I ended up going twice in one week. First off, Terra was a very nice and clean restaurant. I wasn't expecting this from a place with a lunch buffet. Seating is a little scarce compared to the magnitude of people that come to the lunch buffet, BUT there was SO MUCH food at the lunch buffet. Most places only have one station during the lunch buffet, Terra's had THREE stations. The buffet costs $13 and includes one drink. You pay and tip before you are seated. Some highlights of the lunch buffet were:1. Gyro - I've had gyro from Halal guys before, and I think this one was better. It wasn't overly greasy or salty like other places. This was the best meat on the buffet, in my opinion. 2. Saffron rice - This was AMAZING. I could eat a plate of this alone. 3. Caesar salad - Typical cheesy Caesar salad, a little over dressed. 4. Cumin potatoes - Pretty good. They're basically like home fries. 5. Roasted cauliflower - I've never had cauliflower this way, but it was SO GOOD. There was a nice char to the cauliflower, and it was perfectly salted. Very unique dish. 6. Beef kabob - very tender beef, not as flavorful as the gyro7. Fresh pita bread - the pita was warm and chewy. I filled the pita bread with gyro and made my own wrap. Disappointments:1. Hummus - There were two types of hummus, but they were very bland. 2. Spinach - This was like cream spinach, but without the cream. I just thought it has a weird taste. 3. Service could be improved. Clearing the plates from the table was slow, and took a while for it to be cleared during the buffet. It's also hard to get their attention. Other items on the buffet: three types of chicken [roasted chicken, saffron chicken (basically like a chicken curry) and chicken kabobs (VERY DRY)], two types of soup, various cold salads and side dishes. One disappointment was there wasn't a dessert on the buffet. Overall, this was a great buffet. Like all buffets, there are great, average, and bad dishes. However, this place had so many options. It's great for picky eaters, people with food restrictions, and vegetarians. I'll definitely probably return with the next month or so. **side note - Definitely come around 11 if you want to go to the lunch buffet, especially on a Friday. I arrived a little before 12 on Friday, and only had to wait for 15 minutes for a party of two. However, after I was seated, there were SO MANY people waiting for a table. There are tables outside, but Texas is just way too hot to be eating outside.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,11/14/2014,233,245,2,4,3>This is hands down the best sammich i've ever had in Denton.  I don't even liked using the word "balanced" because i'm not a chief.....talk about balanced.  Catch this place when it's parked in front of one of the bars and pair it up with a good beer, talk about amazing.  I hear they are getting a store front over by Fry St.This little trailer really does amaze me.  It's actually one of the last food trucks i tried in this food truck craze that has happened.  I can already tell you the word is getting out and it has quickly become one of the most popular trucks/trailers.  This clean truck has great employees that are on top of their game.  Wait time is pretty normal so no complaints in that department.I can't saything bad about this place, which makes for a short review.  Just trust me when i say you should try it.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/13/2014,93,131,4,8,5>I think that this place is such a little treasure! (But definitely not hidden!) Honestly, the customer service in this place is ridiculous and the food is delicious!What I like about this place is that it is EXTREMELY accommodating and absolutely kind. I never felt rushed even though I stood in line for about ten minutes just looking up and reading everything. Even though, I have been a few times now, I really try to get something different and new each time. The MANDATORY things are the following:-Tomato Soup (A bowl because a cup is NOT enough.)-French Fries (I think they are double fried because they are DELICIOUS, crispy and perfectly salted.)-Mac and Cheese WITH bacon (Not on their menu but they can do it for an extra $1.50. Worth it! SOOOO worth it!)The ONE thing that I would say is that I haven't found one sandwich where I am TOTALLY sold on because they have all been good but nothing that in the holy grail...yet! I am slowly moving through their menu so I can find a MANDATORY sandwich though. I know it exists, but even if I didn't find it. The mandatory list above is MORE than enough food for a meal. I would have given them four stars but their service is IMPECCABLE so they get the extra bump!! Great job Lee! :)
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,11/12/2014,63,98,3,6,5>MUST TRY PLACE! If you're considering this place, do yourself a favor and just go!The Pepito and Arepas were AMAZING! It didn't even matter that the service was unorganized, which is my only very minor complaint. You order at the counter and wait through the line as they make your food, then find a seat. Some people get out of line and so the orders get confused and you think the next plate is yours when it's not. The staff members don't give out numbers or take your names so they constantly ask what you ordered. This took a bit of time and can be improved by the management for sure, but not even a factor to prevent me from returning. You should come to this place expecting awesome food and to not be concerned about your caloric/carb/etc. intake because you won't want to know. They don't skimp on the portions that's for sure. Beef Pepito ($10)- Venezuelan version of the Mexican torta is a good way to describe it. SO MUCH GOODNESS, but a bit difficult to eat, so eating it with a fork might make it more elegant to eat (if you're concerned about that kinda stuff).  It's a thick bread with the cut at the top (sideways sandwich) and is stuffed with your choice of meat, abundance of cheese (my type of abundance), pico de gallo, lettuce, grilled onions and peppers, & some type of crema/sour cream sauce. They toast the bread with so much butter; like it's halfway soaked with butter without being a soggy sandwich. I was a bit concerned about how much I was eating cause I also ordered a Arepa so I tore some excess bread off. They are very free using of butter and oil, you can see as they cook the food in front of you. This order comes with fries, which was a great addition to the sandwich. Chicken Arepa ($5)- Venezulen version of a pita sandwich. SO MUCH GOODNESS, easier to eat than the Pepito by hand, but it was stuffed so full that eating the fall off on the plate with a fork is a must. The type of bread used was crispy on the outside and soft/goey-ness  on the inside. It was stuffed with practically the same things as the pepito but without the sour cream sauce. Sauces- They didn't have any legitimate hot sauce, as in nothing was particularly spicy. They had a chipotle sauce that was good in flavor but not any jalapeno spice behind it and it was the only "visible hot sauce." I like really spicy things so that was a minor disappointment, but not enough to keep me from this place. I, of course, add  lime juice to everything. I also tried the garlic sauce which was awesome with the fries. I'll admit, it was more food than a petite Asian girl should have had but I couldn't resist. I would order it all again. I WILL DEFINITELY BE RETURNING! Parking was a bit difficult too but that's true of that entire area. There is paid street parking in front with very few spaces, a private lot in the back that was entirely full when I went there, and that left me to park on a side street a block away.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,11/11/2014,1341,757,2,5,4>MMM key lime pie. Their key lime pie is delicious. My slice melted on the way home so I threw it into freezer and it still tasted great. The pricing is reasonable especially if you suck at making them. This is a must go if you're in the area - and especially if you just finished eating at Babe's.The reason why I'm not giving this a 5 star rating is because I haven't tried everything and the other item I did try was just ok (pass on the cowboy cookie).
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/10/2014,546,102,4,5,3>If I could pick any place, based on beauty and coolness,  to have a party, get married, graduation, reception, get killed, whatevs, it woud be this place.  What an awesome venue. The mere pageantry of this building is something Fort Worth should be very proud of. We were here for Yelp Secret garden, and this place aint a secret any longer.  If you have never been here, get here. The living roof was awesome ,and oh did I mention it's looks, both inside and out. Come check it out, and appreciate the few wonderful things towns like Ft. Worth have to offer.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,11/9/2014,50,113,2,5,5>Sweetwater has been renovated, under new ownership and management.  We had been eagerly awaiting the reopening and I am happy to report that it has finally become the gem it should have been.  I will always champion a local business over chain restaurants any day.Now, for the good stuff.  The new and improved menu looks very appealing, not too much, but a lot of interesting dishes.  We tried the Duck Fat Pomme Frites, the pulled pork sliders and the Crawfish bisque.  They have a tremendous staff who are happy and eager to help.The frites were AMAZING, perfectly cut, seasoned very well- and I focused on those as my entree.  I tried one of the sliders, also good.  And, had a spoonful of the bisque.  It was all good.  It was so good that we're excited to come back and try everything else.  But back to those fries.  They were light, crispy, warm and glazed with delicious duck fat.  I couldn't leave them, they brought tears to my eyes.  I grabbed a to go box and took them to my next place and had other people try them as well.  Even cold, something special, so it is worth the extra you pay for them.  Go in, give them another chance and I think you'll like what they've done!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,11/8/2014,147,187,4,6,6>Ah I can't wait to return to 24 plates! I came in for brunch and everything I had was delicious. We got the bacon board which was awesome. Four different kinds of bacons, candies stuffs and some cranberry bread. We couldn't stop thinking about it after brunch. The pork belly benedict. Pork belly and eggs is my favorite combination. Biscuits are my favorite comfort food. Together, in my mouth, my taste buds and sensations went wild. Spinach omelette was fresh and flavorful. Blood orange mimosas are seriously the best. Everyone should try one in their lifetime. I can see parking being an issue, but it's worth coming by.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,11/7/2014,43,145,6,6,7>So with my most recent trip to Billy's we took The Girlfriend's grandfather out to lunch for his 94th birthday, he loves BBQ. I told the group that almost everything at Billy's is done well, so we ended up ordering a bit of each item. After everyone tore into their BBQ, my girlfriend's grandfather and mother both proclaimed this is the best BBQ to be had in Fort Worth. Coming here for nearly a year now, I have arrived at that same conclusion as well. While many BBQ places in Fort Worth have 1-2 things they do really well, at least for me, all of Billy's items are great: smoky brisket with a great bark, tender, delicious ribs, and one awesome-damned smoked porkchop (Wednesday special). You can see my other reviews here for more specifics, but I think I can finally crown Billy's as best BBQ in Fort Worth.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/6/2014,54,86,1,6,5>My first visit to Bite happened to be one of the first days they were opened. They actually weren't opening for another 45 minutes, but they were nice enough to let us in and sit at the bar to enjoy a cocktail. Since then every experience at Bite has been wonderful. The place is inviting and classy at the same time, with giant circular booths on the perimeter, surrounding white linen toped tables.The drink menu has a variety of wines and beer as well as a creative cocktail section inspired by the astrological signs. One of my favorites is the Cancer which is a blend of Prosecco and St. Germain and garnished with a cherry gummy (yummy!). John, one of the bartenders, is always making some new concoction and experimenting with different flavors for patrons sitting at the bar top to try. The food menu is simple and delicious. As far as the small plates go- the beef dish is amazing. I've also tried their lobster crab bisque and is was the perfect consistency of creaminess without being too heavy. Some of my other favorites are the short rib flat bread, the five spice spare ribs, the grilled half chicken and the bite burger. Honestly everything I have tried was deliciously satisfying. Bite City Grill has become one of my favorite go to places for either a happy hour cocktail, a delicious dinner or a quick lunch:)
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,11/5/2014,30,120,1,4,3>Everything I have eaten here has been absolutely delicious.   So far, I have only had the cheese pizza, cheesesticks, and chicken parmigiana sandwich but I plan on trying everything on the menu.  LOVE the pizza, just wish it came in a smaller size.  Chicken Parm sandwich is HUGE, GIGANTIC, but very delicious. Small restaurant located on the southside, next to some factories and bars, I think they would make a killing if they stayed open late during thw weekends. They also deliver!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/4/2014,28,10,10,9,7>Let me be straight with you:  If you don't visit this place and it somehow goes out of business, I will never forgive you.  We will be over.  I will be hurt beyond repair.Phew.  Sorry about that unfortunate bit of honesty.  I just needed to let you know.The first thing you're going to think is:  Hasn't this place been there forever?  Doesn't the weird breakfast/Mediterranean place just have a new sign?  No, no it doesn't.  This place is different.  The old owners sold to new owners.  There's no breakfast, and the food is amazing.If you liked the old place's non-breakfast fare, you're going to love this place.  True story.  That's just how it is.  This food is amazing and the best Mediterranean in Denton.Order the gyro if you must, but be willing to explore.  (And yes, the gyro was the most amazing gyro meat I've had.  They make their own.  That's unusual...if not almost unheard of.)  If they're having a lunchtime buffet, go and try things you've never had before.  It will all be amazing, and you'll be able to pat yourself on the back for having an expanded palate that includes kifta in different sauces, and crazy-good chicken.Order dessert.  Their baklava is wonderful (duh) as is their rice pudding (which they'll top with pistachios for you) but don't be afraid of trying the warbat.  Fine.  Order it because it's called warbat--I did.  I want dessert that I can eat while pondering tiny flying mammals with lasers attached to their heads.Also, the coffee.  Oh dear, the coffee.  Order the Turkish coffee.  They serve it with tiny cups on a platter along with the pot that's full of deliciously intense coffee spiked with cardamom.  Yes, they have amazing babaganoush and hummus and all of those things.  They're going to have your standbys, and they're going to do them well...pretty much better than anyone else around.Phew.  I'm bossy today.  I've told you what to order...now you should know about the people.  They're pretty wonderful.  The service is solid, and sincere.  The owners are proud of their food--the wife pointed out that she only serves food she'd be willing to serve her daughter.  Their daughter is precious so you know that's a big deal.  The staff are seemingly very happy...they tell you so, and you can tell by how they interact with everyone, including their bosses.I like these people, and I love you enough to want you to go there.  This loves works two-fold 1)  you deserve the wonderful food and 2) if this place disappears from lack of business, I'm not going to be able to love you anymore...and I really do want to continue to love you all.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,11/3/2014,88,258,4,6,4>Time for an upgrade. I've been bringing in-laws here for a couple of years now, but today was my first visit on my own. They put a big sign in the window proclaiming "41 BEERS ON TAP" - advertisement that worked for me. I've been trying to find an alternative place to sit and read with a beer in front of me, as Peace Burger tends to lead to too many conversations with men who don't know how to respect the barrier of a book,So, Tolbert's! It has wifi, although it's a little weak. The promised amount of beers on tap was real, including local favorites like Lakewood Temptress and Franconia Dunkel at perfectly reasonable prices. Most importantly to me, volume level was perfect for reading and, when I felt like listening, the music choices were on point. Who doesn't want to listen to The Hollies while enjoying a frosty beverage?I'm still totally dubious about ever coming here at night when there's live music - it seems too small to accommodate the noise as well as any human interaction. But I think I may have found a new day drinking spot. Excellent!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/2/2014,184,259,3,7,3>There is truth in the lesson of never judging a book by its cover. The same lesson applies to Jamaica Gates Caribbean Cuisine. While the shopping plaza may appear as an "also-ran", the venue on the inside is far from it. There is a good amount of seating, a 60-inch high-definition flat screen to watch the ballgame on, good customer service, and a stage for a live band to perform when the occasion calls for it. And yes, the food is pretty good too!The menu boasts the traditional ox tail, curry chicken, etc. I tried something different with the Jamaican chicken pasta, which was quite tasty and a tad spicy for a mid-afternoon lunch. Yet that was expected. For an appetizer, the price for three Jamaican meat patties with red pepper was reasonable. The wife had ox tail, rice and vegetables. Altogether, the meal came to be close to $30, which was expected.If there was one disappointment, it was that the Yelp offer (1 free dessert per entree) couldn't be redeemed. The server mentioned that an offer such as this one had to be placed on separate tickets. It was kind of interesting to hear that, yet we didn't make a big deal. It certainly wasn't a big deal that all of the desserts were sold out due to the busy Saturday night from before. Considering that this location is open until 2 AM on a Saturday, I gave them a pass this time. Altogether, I can see why this restaurant was featured on The Food Network. Pretty good eating!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,11/1/2014,356,554,4,7,6>I love Pizza!  Pizza is one of my comfort meals.  I've been wanting to check out Cane Rosso for the longest and was so happy when they opened a location in Fort Worth.  We came here on a Thursday and it was not packed at all.  Thank goodness cause I heard there was always a wait here.  We were seated quickly.  We started off with the Carciofini (deep fried artichokes).   It was really good with the Calabrian chile aioli sauce that came with it.  I love going with friends as I get to sample the other pizzas that they order.  LOL I ordered the Che Cazzo as our waitress told me that this would be super spicy.  I love spicy.  The pizza sure was spicy and I loved it.  I was also able to sample the Regina Margherita and it was quite tasty with it being a simple pizza.  We also had ordered the Paulee G and it was really good as well.  The caramelized onions on this pizza gave it a great flavor.  The Caesar salad a friend had look fantastic and I want to try it next time I go here.  We enjoyed everything here including the Tiramisu dessert we ordered.Yay for opening a location in Fort Worth!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/31/2014,113,594,1,7,2>Old school dinner that just brings you back in time and reminds you of simpler times.  The regulars are a constant and well known. The waitstaff has been at it for a while.  Classic all American breakfast food served with a smile.  Stop by, sit at the counter, and enjoy a cup of coffee with pancakes, bacon, and eggs!!!  Don't forget to get a slice of fresh pie before calling it a day.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,10/30/2014,111,121,1,4,3>Having been to the Fireside Pies on 7th street, I was anticipating a delicious homemade-tasting pie. Thankfully, that high anticipation was satisfied once again. My girl and I both ordered two pies (more to take home!), the Chicken Sausage, and the Hot and Crumbly. I, personally, LOVED the Hot and Crumbly. Mildly spicy chorizo with tomato and basil, the Hot & crumbly was perfect for me. The Chicken Sausage, on the other hand, was very mild. However, it was quite tasty and fresh...great if you prefer a simpler pie. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/29/2014,60,126,3,6,4>I knew this was a truck that would come out to Levitt sometimes, but I got really excited when I saw a storefront in Pantego for a new ice cream place.  If I'd paid better attention, I'd have realized they were the same people sooner.Nice, small, clean little place with lots of options.  It took me too long to decide.  I finally settled on a double scoop with Keylime and Lemon Crunch.  Both are amazing.  The Lemon Crunch is like a lemon bar with its little (wait for it) crunchy bits.  The Keylime was excellent as well.  I opted to not get a waffle cone because a this point, I just spill the ice cream all over myself.  It was the wrong decision.  My girlfriend's waffle cone came with a little plastic holder.  Drip ring and all.  It's brilliant.  For so long I've been getting that napkin wrapped around the cone at every ice cream place ever.  The napkin inevitably gets sticky with drippings and then tries to become a part of your cone.  I don't care how good your cones are - napkin flavors don't compliment it.  I'd give them five stars just for that brilliant little holder.Either way, I had some samples from around the table and from other times at Levitt.  The Cookies & Cream is not your every day vanilla and Oreo.  The mint chocolate chip is also very good.Great employees round it out.  Everyone was very friendly and understanding.  Especially when we failed miserably at making flavor decision in a timely manner.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/28/2014,22,154,1,9,4>Saw the reviews and thought I'd give a shot for something different. I finished morning appt. and found myself here at 10:20 but they didn't open till 11am. Friendly young man let me sit at a table and work for 30min until they opened, nice help since I'm a road warrior today.About 10 different choices from across the pond and several other local options like Italian, burgers, philly and some summer specials like grilled salmon, Cobb salad. Decided to go Shepard's pie and no regrets. Got the lunch portion which was still about double a normal lasagna portion. Not an expert but had good consistent flavor throughout and not bland like I feared.Service was good and glad he talked me out of appetizers too. They gave me a nice and warm garlic bread while waiting and the single bite turned into whole roll. Could be a great hangout with small bar and about six stools and 15 tables. Will definitely return.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,10/27/2014,62,67,7,8,7>Walking in was like walking into my families home! Greeted right away with a warm smile and hand shake! We were seated right away in a surprisingly roomy restaurant. The service was exceptional and prompt. The salsa tasted as if it was hand picked from a garden with the perfect amount if spice! The queso was creamy and flavorful. The complimentary chicken soup was incredible! And this is coming. From someone who doesn't even like soup!  The flaming margaritas were stunning as well as some of the strongest and best tasting I've had! The spicy beef and shrimp fajitas were tender and extremely spicy, although the shrimp was a tad bland. The beef was tender,  melted in your mouth. The chicken enchiladas were creamy, rich and delicious! Only.complaint is they don't offer dessert and drink prices are rather high. But the strength of our drinks, I don't mind! Will definitely be back for more!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,10/26/2014,101,362,3,6,3>I love dining out in Fort Worth, and this place is no different!  Things you need to know:1.  Complimentary valet, so enjoy it and don't forget to tip!2.  When you comment that YELP says the pad thai is not that spicy, the chef is about to show you how spicy a 6" plate can get!3.  There'a a lot of new waitstaff here, and some are still learning... be patient.4.  Many of the plates are very large, or as we call it: Shareable!  (ever heard of dim sum?)  Everyone order a dish, and then share as a table... will be cheaper, and you get to enjoy a wide array of options!5.  Most of the lower reviews were because of the sushi... and so is mine... it didn't blow me away... but the lobster and crab flatbread was great!I give this place 4 STARS.  The sushi was a miss, the waitstaff was learning, and for the price it was a bit higher than the quality.  However, we see these as items that can easily be mended!  We enjoyed ourselves, and will certainly be back!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,10/25/2014,257,111,3,9,9>Happy hour 5-7 daily with food and drink specials! We ordered the spring rolls, spicy tuna and crab nachos, philadelphia roll, salmon and avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and pho. The food came out really good! The sushi tasted pretty fresh and the pho broth was really flavorful with very sweet and juicy flank meat ( I always ask for it raw on the side so I can put it in when they bring out everything) and the spicy tuna and crab nachos were exceptional! Service was very friendly and ambiance was nice although a little too dark for my taste. Brownie points for having those steel bars in the restroom for the elderly, or disabled to help with balance (or in my case, just a bad case of post leg day soreness from the gym across the parking lot). I'll be coming back for the crawfish!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/24/2014,75,237,4,5,5>I really cant believe I haven't written a review about the best thing the City of Keller has to offer and its free. When I first moved to Keller, the library was this dim unwelcoming government style building that really didn't encourage patrons to come in much less utilize their various programs. Fast forward a few years and things have changed dramatically.The facility is now bright, airy, and welcoming. Yes - the library can tend to get noisy but i love the fact that people are utilizing the library and that means funding! If you need a quiet space to read there are various nooks and comfy chairs scattered around the building including an awesome outdoor patio equipped with chairs and tables. They have plenty of power outlets for those there to study or work remotely. If the kiddies are being too rowdy inside (yes there is always one brat running wild in there unfortunately) the library has study rooms available for use that have doors so it blocks out most of the noise.The library also has a number of activities and events going on throughout the week that include Adult learning classes, reading sessions for kids (toddler through young adults), book clubs for adults, weekly movie night with popcorn, summer music progams for all ages and more.Their selection isn't the largest but on their online catalog you can request books, movies, or music to be reserved and picked up at the library from other branches in the Ft Worth network which greatly extends your literature availability. You can also manage your account including renewals online as well which is a huge huge time saver. They also just installed a new fancy schmancy check-in tool that scans in each item you return automatically. If the facility is closed when you return your books, theres a drive through drop-off slot on the side of the building to return your books or you can go to the city hall parking lot and drop your goodies off in the designated drop-box there to be returned.Your library card number also unlocks a treasure trove of online goodies such as three weekly music downloads via Freegal, language lessons using Mango, magazine subscriptions through Zinio and more. Its not perfect and there are limitations but I appreciate the content that is available.The staff here is always pleasant, knowledgable and friendly. if you have active kiddies, theres also a nice park immediately next door for them to play at.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/23/2014,135,233,1,4,4>Salsa Limon is no stranger to Fort Worth--it's had a place at La Gran Plaza, as well as a food truck and a food stand by TCU; their actual restaurant location, however, is a continuation of their wonderful taco crafting ways. yes, their taco crafting ways. Their tacos are a cool in-between between more authentic Mexican tacos and the out-of-the-box tacos that the likes of Torchy's and Velvet are known for.Get their tacos, any of their tacos, they're all wonderful. I particularly like the pastor as well as barbacoa. What makes Salsa Limon stand out in the particular is their addition of pickled slaw--a really creative and tasty touch. Adds another dimension of taste to the starchiness of the tortilla and the savoriness of the meat. Along with the cilantro and onions, the slaw ties everything together so well.They also serve breakfast tacos; I don't know how they are, though. However I highly recommend their daytime/nighttime (?) tacos.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,10/22/2014,4,199,3,7,6>Small place on Rosedale, but easy to find since it's (as per the photo) painted bright yellow. Tricking parking, (pay attention to the layout) but several spaces on the side to the right of the driveway, but also spaces out front on the street. If you decide to eat your ice cream outside, sit in your car, etc. you get to watch the fascinating things going on mere feet away at the car repair shop.Smaller place, but plenty of room to mill around and chairs to sit down if you want. Had five flavors available, can't remember the full name, but I got the Sweet (something) that has the honey in it. Usually would grab a cup but wanted to try out the waffle cone since I could see a waffle iron behind the counter and figured they were made there.Turned out to be a pretty good choice. The ice cream was really good, pretty sweet, but that's what I wanted, and the honey mixed in with it was good too. The waffle cone was crisp, but not overly "done". In other words, it wasn't cooked till it was super dry which makes them just crumble with every bite. However, fighting the inevitable melting was still making it a little messy of course, so I'll go with the "I'm lazy, give me a cup" option in future visits.I almost gave it a four star, since I wondered just how do you figure "great" ice cream. But after thinking about it, I have to say this is some of the best ice cream I've had. No over the top, huge selection of multiple flavor stuff, but in the end, it's really plain good stuff, and you can tell by the taste it's been well made, with good ingredients.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/18/2014,28,93,5,5,4>GREAT Indian restaurant in Flower Mound.  This place is fairly new and it got off to a slow start as far as reviews go.  My wife and I decided to check it out for lunch one day.  Ordered off the menu.  Got the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Palek Paneer, Garlic naan and it came with Basamati rice.  It was absolutely delicious.  We thought we were in London!  Very flavorful, spicy and authentic.  Every time we are home and craving Indian, we take out from here.  One day, while picking up an order, they were running their buffet, which I believe is Monday - Thursday during lunch time.  OMG, it looked and smelled SO good.  I hate to eat that many calories and stuff myself like that at lunch, but i'm sure one day I will break down and get it.  I just need to save time for a nap and then a workout.    Heads up- It's a BYOB place, so plan ahead if you're going for dinner.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,10/17/2014,297,590,16,19,19>I'm so impressed with this restaurant. I came a few weeks ago and met a large party that was wrapping up dinner. We snuck in for drinks, dessert and French press coffee. Just from that experience (and everyone raving about what they just ate) we had to come back. Last night I went back and we snagged a table for 4 in one of the front booths. Our waiter was also the bartender, Chas. He was wonderful. From his very first drink suggestions and sample pours of Japanese whiskey, I knew we were in for great service. I had the American gothic- similar to a old fashioned and right on point! We opted to share a selection of apps. The chili (which he had split into 4 cups!!) was so flavorful. The blue crab was a great presentation and tasty. The quail was okay- the sauce reminded me a bit of sweet and sour sauce? The favorite was the scotch eggs. Not too overpowered by the chorizo flavor, they had creamy yolky centers and the peppers on top brought everything together. I loved my half of an egg! For dinner we ordered the sirloin on special, the cobia, pork chop and carbonara. Of course we all tried each other's food! Everything was delicious. The pork chop was smoky and moist. The sirloin was melt in your mouth tender. The cobia was rich and buttery. The carbonara was creamy, but a bit too salty for my liking. We also shared the cornbread and mac n cheese. The mac was sinfully good. The cornbread was a bit sweet and the butter on top was a great addition. The wine Chas suggested with dinner was perfect.  I don't know where we put it, but we also shared desert! The lime ricky cheesecake and the Texas toast. The cheesecake had booze infused cherries, so of course that was my favorite. The Texas toast reminded me of a breakfast french toast. I wish they still had the chocolate mousse I had on my last visit. We washed everything down with a pot of the French press and then rolled ourselves out, fat and happy! I took a look at the brunch menu and I'm sure we will be back soon to partake in that. This was a great dining experience and I loved every minute of it.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,10/16/2014,38,78,3,7,4>The front door is still boring, but the food is fresher than ever.I'm writing this update because the previous review is for when this place was called JR's Grill. It is now called "GATORS", however it is owned by the same owner, in fact, they consolidated JR's Grill with the JR's Steakhouse, located down the street from Gators. What the owner is striving for with Gators is a Cajun/Southern culinary experience. The menu is more indicative of something you will find at Pappadeux in it's current form. Our waitress was EXTREMELY knowledgeable of every aspect of the business and has great re-pore with the owner. She explained that even though they are going for a Cajun feel, they are consistently being asked to bring back their southern style menu items. Once everything is finalized, you will soon see all their burgers from JR's, wings, and other classics such as the fried-green tomatoes. Additionally, they plan to tone down some of the more pricey seafood options.Our waitress recommended we try the wings (that they just re-introduced) and start off with their Gator bites (lightly crusted alligator). She informed us they smoke and season their wings overnight, as well as the gator meat. However they do it, both were fantastic! They served the Gator bites with a house-made cocktail sauce based on our waitress' recommendation as well as the chef's which really made the bites pop. The wings were some of the best wings I have ever had - the homemade fries were also excellent. We concluded our lunch with a slice of pecan pie. I have had a lot of pecan pie in my day and this is the best I've ever tasted! Again, house-made, in fact they said that pretty much everything is made in house.I really look forward to coming back and trying some other Cajun items and def for more of that pecan pie!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,10/15/2014,93,52,5,4,6>This local brewery is just awesome!!! They have a great selection of beer that is sure to please everyone. But the dark Pretzel Stout beer now, this is the kind of beer that only a real man drinks. It's not for some sissy that orders daiquiris with little umbrellas, or a dude worried about his carb intake. Please. This beer is reserved for only the baddest of bad asses. You have been warned. Now man up and get you a pint.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/14/2014,71,182,5,6,7>My husband and I have gone to Torta Land twice this week.The food is great, the service is super friendly and they have very good prices.The first time that we went, we called ahead and we asked if they had any vegetarian choices, the manager answered the phone and he said he would make us a Vegetarian torta even though it wasn't on the menu. He was very helpful and whiling to go the extra mile to make us happy. We ordered Veggie tortas, a cochinada (which is corn chips with street corn on top, pretty freaking delicious) and we also had an elote and a snow-cone (DON'T JUDGE)We loved every single thing! The only thing I would change, is that the elote needs to have a hint of lime juice, besides that the flavor was great.Please be aware that there is no place to eat inside, this place is great for drive-thru and for take-out, but the seating area is outdoors, not ideal on a hot summer day.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,10/13/2014,135,469,4,5,3>We've been back about half a dozen times now and I think I've found the "perfect" dish -- pad see ew with tofu.  And I'm not even a vegetarian.  It's probably excellent with shrimp too but I'm cheap :)I can not get enough of this dish.  The flavor is amazing.  I cannot really describe it, though it reminds me for some reason of breakfast. A really good spicy breakfast.  I have long been a fan of yellow curry and pad thai but I like this even more.  I may never order anything differently.  Getting the thai iced tea with it will help cut the spice just a teeny bit.I order the spice level at 1 and it still has quite a bit of kick to it.  I once ordered the pineapple fried rice at a 3 and that was pretty darn hot, though I could still tolerate it.  I cannot imagine ordering anything spicier than a 3.The lunch specials are a great bargain.  We usually come for lunch.  Dinner prices are a little more but not unreasonable, and as I said in previous reviews the service is always excellent. I'm upping my rating to a 5 because I think the pad see ew here is my favorite Thai dish ever now.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,10/12/2014,48,50,1,6,4>If I'm ever in the Haltom City area, I always, without fail, stop by to get their boba tea.  It's not that their boba tea is fantastic though, it's moreso because this place is one of those not-so-common places that's dedicated to making boba tea.  In the FW area, usually the only boba tea you will find are at Asian restaurants that happen to sell boba tea on the side.  This is one restaurant that specializes in boba tea so that's why I always stop by.I'm more of a milk tea person & I've tried SO SO many milk teas at a variety of places.  It's sort of how I rate any boba tea place since milk tea is the original boba tea.  This place's milk tea is average.  Nothing special, but good enough.  I've had worst honestly.  But around the FW area, it's the best original milk tea.  On the other hand, this place's taro boba tea is very good & very sweet if you have a sweet tooth.  Their mango boba tea-smoothie style is very good too.  I'd say that that's a very good flavor if you are in the mood for something fruity.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,10/11/2014,26,36,1,4,4>I definitely come here very often as it's probably the cheapest place in Arlington to go to for drinks. Especially on Wednesday nights!! It doesn't have the best music to dance or anything but hey, who doesn't want cheap drinks right???? They also have their new pool tables and they have free snacks like cheeseballs and ground nuts. And they have free foozball!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/10/2014,65,195,4,4,5>I'm a big fan of their junior burgers -- it's the perfect size for me! And I have a tiny place in my heart for crinkle fries. It takes me back to my grade school days! Many new burger spots -- they focus on the size of the burger, the size of the patty and making the burger "gourmet". Sometimes, I just want a simple bacon cheeseburger -- Cowtown Style. Can I get a "hell yeah?"
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,10/9/2014,70,71,3,6,4>Let me start from the begining. I came in a while ago and accidently got the wrong service (express instead of healthly refresher). After a lot of confusion the amazing owner gave me 25% off of my next treatment. I finally had a chance to go back and I'm so happy I did!As with any beauty treatment, your service will only be as good as the technician that you get. I got lucky with Kendra! I got a healthy refresher facial. When I came in I had a some stubborn blemishes on my forehead that weren't usually there. She took time to ask me if anything had changed in my life and we determined the root of the problem. She was able to extract most of them. Right after my skin was red and inflamed (which is normal)  but the next morning my skin looked 10x better! The whole treatment was really great. You get a nice upper chest and arm massage while your mask is drying. She used a special mask for my specific problems too. Kendra is so knwolegable about what she does. I'm going back to her every time! The front desk is SO accommodating! I had to change my appointment twice (I know, I'm one of those) and they were more than happy to do it. I was afraid that my service would be rushed since they were squeezing me in but nope! I got my full hour! Also, they always have specials going on!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,10/8/2014,2,92,8,6,6>LMAO at the guy that gave it a one star for having great food but not carrying a full menu like the other locations.  News alert:  This is the original location and the others adapted their menus, while the original stayed the same.In fact, one of the coolest parts about this location is that they remain the same as they were decades ago.  I like that they don't change their menu and I would lower my rating if they did.  Chicken:  ExcellentSteak:  ExcellentCatfish:  Don't have it, so excellent!Mashed potatoes, gravy, corn are spot on, and the biscuits are nuts as well.  I do miss the old timey look of the town before everyone came in an redeveloped and added a million places, but the food remains outstanding.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/7/2014,101,52,2,6,4>Shinjuku Station is the best restaurant in Fort Worth. It might be the best Japanese restaurant in DFW, and is definitely near the top of best restaurant period in DFW. These are the musings that flood my mind every time I'm there.The space itself is tiny, and perfect. Built into an old building on Magnolia, the room defines Japanese cosmopolitan minimalism. Sleek, dark, and cozy. When people talk about going out to take a break from normalcy and relax, this is the space they're talking about.The food is just incredible. Fresh and unique get tossed around a lot in reviews; Shinjuku is the restaurant that deserves them the most. It's hard to accept the idea that fresh fish can be had in North Texas hundreds of miles from the ocean. If you're a non-believer, go to Shinjuku. The fish has been extraordinary every time. Just this last visit we tried one of the specials, a brined and pickled anchovy. No, it wasn't the salty things found comedically on pizzas. It was perfection in my mouth, a sentiment shared by my lovely partner who hesitates at the idea of consuming raw fish.Besides the fish, they have an assortment of other menu items that themselves are worthy of a visit. The baked Japanese mushrooms in a little foil pouch of browned butter are insanely good. Their legendary steamed mussels, the tok fries... you can easily eat here without touching sushi and have the best meal you've had in awhile.If you're going for anything besides the most romantic of dates, sit at the sushi bar. The sushi chefs are welcoming, encourage you to try the dishes they're so proud of, and cement the notion that Shinjuku is operating at a level beyond any Japanese/Sushi restaurant you've ever been to.The owners are amazing, the dishware is everything that you love about Japanese culture, the sake and cocktail options are themselves hand chosen and crafted, and the pricing is ridiculously fair for what you get.If you want to eat somewhere nice in Fort Worth, Shinjuku Station is stop number 1.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,10/6/2014,21,32,6,8,6>Met friends for drinks before dinner on a Saturday around 4:30.  I like the interior quite a bit (there's something about long narrow spaces that makes me happy). The patio out back will be a nice space to relax once this suffocating heat from the depths of hell disappears in the fall.  Art for sale on the walls ranges from bad to good to creepy.When we arrived only a few other people were inside, but service was slow.  I'd like to believe the bartender was having a (really) bad day, because she didn't seem interested in serving us and had zero personality.  She had difficulty answering our questions about the menu and then when we ordered she didn't even respond.  She just turned around, came back a little later with our drinks, set them down and walked away.  Still no words.  Weirdness.  It was like being served by the undead.  I ordered the French 75 - one of my favorite classic cocktails - and it was solid.  I guess zombies make good drinks.  The guys all ordered beer.  Limited selection, but a bit different than what we've seen elsewhere.  Is that good or bad?  You'll need to decide for yourself since I don't drink much beer and am going off what my husband said.  A crown and coke was ordered by one of our friends and she said "where's the coke?".  So they're making strong mixed drinks, a good thing in my opinion.The people we met up with have been to Proper a few times and always enjoyed it.  Spice is next door and apparently you can order from them.  Knowing that bumped this review from 3 to 4 stars.Overall?  I'll definitely go back because I want to try Spice.  Right. Next. Door. And I would hate to let one single person on a particular day ruin my first impression of the place.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,10/5/2014,42,63,3,3,4>This is a great place for a quick meal if you're nearby and craving asian food. I tried the Bun Rieu and thought it was very nicely flavored, though it could've used more meat. The fiance got Bun Bo Hue.... we both loved it and would get it again. The staff was extremely nice and helpful, and prices were decent.Since the weather was nice, we ate outside and bummed off the music playing from El Arroyo across the street :)
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,10/4/2014,195,245,5,4,6>Averitt is pretty amazing when it comes to braiding and styling this natural mane. I needed a good stylist for my bridal portraits and for my wedding. She was referred to me by my mother in law who has been getting her dreadlocks maintained by Averitt for years! Once she braided my hair for my bridals, it was a no brainer that she was going to be my wedding stylist, and it was kismet. I showed her a picture of how I wanted my hair and she made it look even better. I will now travel the distance to let Averitt take care of this hair when in need of braids or natural styling:)
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/3/2014,72,46,4,5,6>The owners and staff here are true animal lovers who go above and beyond to make sure your pup is well taken care of.  They offer training, grooming, boarding and daytime play all at affordable rates. My two year old boston terrier mix cannot get enough of their daytime play and goes about 3 times a week!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,10/2/2014,23,135,3,9,8>Good bye chain pizza!  I found the real thing in Arlington,  TX!This place is so worth going off the beaten path!  Although it's a little hard to find its very close to the main road.  If you're at the Kroger pharmacy drive thru, look at the strip center to the right and there it is.  The owner is the dude behind the counter.   You get great customer service!   Everything on the menu is homemade fresh daily.  There's no processed anything going on in this place.Although they boast NY style pizza, I beg to differ.  My pizza tasted like it it came out of an oven in Italy. The crust, oh lord the crust!  The sauce was the best I've ever had.    The sausage was so tasty.   They actually make it there.  When I was hanging out waiting for my pizza which by the way only took 10 minutes,  I was overwhelmed with the mouthwatering smell of the pastrami he had in the oven.  Yeah,  they make that home made too.  The menu had lots of items on it including several Greek specialty items.  The dining area sits about 10 people.  So glad I found this place on Yelp!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/1/2014,152,106,1,6,5>I went to Steel City Pops in Dallas just a few weeks ago and had no idea one was opening here! In the week since it's been open, I've been three times already! I've had blueberry basil, blood orange and lemonade flavors. While trying a bit (of my niece's) avocado and cantaloupe! I love this place. Fresh ingredients and you can watch them making the popsicles from the seats inside.I've only been in the day, so it's easy street parking. They don't validate (they asked to be a part of the W 7th parking garages and got turned down!) but you can always pop into another shop and get validated if there's no street parking. Lovely patio area, where I was able to sit with my puppy in the shade.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/30/2014,148,88,3,10,4>Like beer or burgers.. no such thing as too many coffeehouses! The better ones have a unique vibe and signature tastes that keep you coming back for more.  Re:Defined gets an A+ on both counts. It's by far one of the largest, inviting settings I've parked myself at while feeding my morning caffeine crave. Wanting to try something different, I ordered the handcrafted Iced Chai Latte. I'm going to rank it as an addictive cup of rich, creamy delightfulness. Maybe on my third visit I'll try something else, or maybe not. It really is that good!They also carry an impressive array of less common tempting treats like gluten free sweets, Roots Juices, right sized salads and some grab and go snacks. If you haven't tried Roots Juices Almond Milk, you're missing out. Grab one for your afternoon office pick me up (you can thank me later :)Can't say enough about the space. It's upbeat, spacious and has mini seating areas that are great for individuals to sink in and plug up or for groups to meet on sofas, plush chairs or larger tables. But what earns Re:defined five stars is the staff. They really go the extra mile to make you feel welcome. Everyone introduced themselves with a contagious smile while I was in line, and when my drink ran low, a member stopped by and asked if I'd like them to bring me some ice water. Never had that happen before. Very happy they brought their cool, cozy self to Grapevine!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,9/29/2014,662,212,13,10,12>Burger whore alert! Yeah its me.. and I'm not ashamed.. and RG keeps me satisfied. They have lots of space with a large patio- but this place gets super packed during peak hours. I like the semi communal tables- they have small table top dividers that they slide over to make your spots but you are still sitting right next to someone. The interior has an slightly industrial meets barn feel but still cozy. I espcially appreciate the air blade and foot knob in the bathroom- I hate touching bathroom doors!The apps are simple and to the point- I absolutely love the queso- the chips are fresh and they bring out a red and green salsa on top of that- I totally dip my burger in it if any is left- no judging. They also have a hot mess that is tots with a gang of toppings including a fried egg. The cheese fries are huge so make sure you have at least 4 people to share a full order. They have lots of Texas beers on tap and a full bar- try the Moontang! I try and always get one of the "Battle of the Burgers" since they constantly rotate and have a seasonal theme. Otherwise my go to burger is the Caca Oaxaca. It comes with pico, avocado, chipotle mayo and a fried egg and its heaven on a toasty bun. I've never had enough room to try dessert but one day!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,9/28/2014,55,175,4,8,5>Great new place in North Richland Hills/Keller area, although the name might be confusing to some folks (NOT a Mexican restaurant, as I originally thought when I went in this morning).  La Famiglia appears to be targeting the high end coffee drink and pastry market, and from my first visit (and the white chocolate caffe ) they are off to a great start!  Pastries looked absolutely decadent and wonderful.  Lunch includes a dozen or so wraps, a salad bar, and a few other things.Cool leather furniture and high tables.  While it takes places like this a little while to finish defining themselves, they appear to be off to a great start.  Good luck La Famiglia, and welcome to the neighorhood!!!  Trying them for lunch today!!!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,9/27/2014,51,52,4,8,4>Seven Mile's coffee shop is a hidden gem here in Denton! A lot of people still don't know it's here but it's definitely worth trying, whether you're a coffee aficionado who's had the best of the best or normally go to Starbucks. Kevin, the owner, roasts beans in the back which are used in many of the drinks and can also be bought for use at home. Lots of great options here, depending on what you like: Iced Coffee - try a NOLA if you like creamy, sweet iced coffee (cold brew, milk, and vanilla). If you like straight iced coffee (no milk) just ask for iced cold brew. The cold brew is brewed overnight and strained in the morning using Ethiopian Sidamo region beans and chicory, giving it a great flavor. Hot black Coffee - Tons of options! They have three brewing methods - V60 pour overs, french press, or Chemex and offer coffee roasted in-house or coffee shipped from Stumptown in Portland, Oregon. Espresso drinks - Seven Mile Coffee uses Stumptown's Hair Bender blend as their espresso drinks, which produces some of the best tasting espresso I've ever had! They make all the usual drinks - cappuccinos, lattes, americanos, macchiatos, cortados (really whatever you want, even if it's not on the menu). Any of these can be customized with various flavor options (vanilla, hazelnut, caramel, white or dark chocolate syrup) and several milk options (whole, skim, soy, almond, or coconut). Tea - Iced tea or several hot tea options from Harney & Sons. Also AMAZING chai lattes! Mlikshakes - These are new... haven't tried many but there are a bunch! Juices - They have fresh-squeezed orange juice which is always great and two juices which are made with a cold-press Norwalk juicer in the Highland Village location - Ruby Red and Orange Zing. Both are fantastic and extremely healthy. Food - You can order anything off the Seven Mile Cafe menu over here (during kitchen hours) and they bring it over in to-go boxes... can be really great on the weekends when the restaurant fills up and the wait is over 20 minutes!!! Also have great pastries, quiche, and cookies. Smoothies - Green smoothie, berries, nutty smoothie, these are all good ;) Overall, yes it's a little pricey and definitely not in everyone's budget to come often but it's a wonderful place to go and get some work done (free WiFi), read, or just talk with friends while treating yourself to some great coffee and food.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,9/26/2014,18,76,6,10,6>Seeing as how my old favorite chicken sandwich place decided to alienate me, I haven't had a real chicken sandwich in a LONG time. Little did I know, something bigger and better was coming to fill that void. Super Chix is hands down the best chicken sandwich I have ever had. They offer lots of nice toppings, I recommend the spicy pickles and onion strings.They don't sell anything but chicken sandwiches and chicken strips. I guess that narrow menu allows them to really perfect those items. The fresh cut, real potato, fries can be seasoned a few different ways. I haven't tried any other seasoning than the rosemary fries, since they are so delicious.The best chicken sandwich in town doesn't come with a side of bigotry or politics. Imagine that!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,9/25/2014,19,32,3,6,4>Love.  You feel the love when you walk into Sistah's.  I can't explain it any better than that.  This being my first time in I was flummoxed.  Should I get the soul food, or should I get some BBQ?  I did what any reasonable person would do: I got both!  I placed my to go order: gumbo, ribs, collard greens, yams, mac and cheese, corn bread, cabbage, & sweet potato pie.When I got home I realized I had ordered enough for a small army, or enough to last me two or three days.  After sampling it all I can assure you not one crumb will go to waste.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  I look forward to returning to Sistah's.  For the love & the great food.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/24/2014,103,100,6,6,5>Man, it's hard to put my love for The Usual into words, which is why i've let my original review sit for so long. The drinks are amazing, the staff is amazing, and it's the coziest little place on Magnolia. Don't know what you want? Can't decide? Don't want to commit? No problem. Give 'em some bullet points, and they'll whip something ace up for you, pronto. If I were more important and had to put together a top 3 "definitely go to this while existing for any amount of time in Fort Worth" list that people would pay attention to, The Usual would be in that list, so there's that.(edit to say: not to be too presumptuous on the importance angle, but one line in this review went off like a light bulb and made me decide that a top 3 "definitely go to this while existing for any amount of time in Fort Worth" list might actually be a good idea. Check it out maybe!)
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/23/2014,243,187,9,11,7>Breakfast all day.  Chicken Fried Bacon anyone?  (No, really)Very solid addition to the expanding Mansfield dining scene and you can never have too many breakfast joints.  Crepes?  they got emOmelets?  many varieties and stylesTex-Mex?  Migas, Machaca, Huevos Rancheros.....checkHealth-conscious items such as homemade biscuits topped with sausage, scrambled eggs, hash-browns and smothered with white, peppered gravy?      look no further.Pricing is normal for breakfast joints in the 'plex.  6-9 bucks average.  Really good coffee too!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,9/22/2014,298,874,2,5,3>We only tried two things, well four if you count the three different types of spring roll, and everything was quite good. Thuy had the "Baby Pho" (a small bowl of pho), which was a perfect size for someone who never finishes a whole large bowl.The pho was good, and per the menu, the soup is "seven hours cooked chicken broth". It tasted like it, not like the instant soup base some other places use. The spring rolls, one chicken, one shrimp, and one pork and shrimp (traditional) were good. They were not the largest spring rolls I have ever seen, but they were good. Each were cut in half and were perfect for sharing. The menu also has "fried rices" (4 types), vermicelli (with various proteins), rice plates, stir fried noodles (including pad thai), and desserts (cheese cake, chocolate mouse cake, and creme brulee). Our lunch was exactly the light lunch we wanted on such a hot day. It was a "fresh, healthy & delicious" (per their menu) lunch. We'll definitely keep the place in mind for future visits.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,9/21/2014,34,96,3,5,4>Tillman's has great drinks, truffle popcorn, an awesome patio... even if you don't order food here you are off to a good start.We chose Tillman's for our rehearsal dinner and had a party afterwards on the patio. We got great feedback about the food, and everyone loved the tableside smores with the unique flavored marshmallows.Winning options to start with are the Low Country (made with Buffalo Trace, my favorite) and the tots (goat cheese, I die). From there, the entree options change frequently but we really enjoyed the Chicken & Dumplings (which is actually gnocchi and more of a roast chicken, not the gravy-laden dish you're used to) and the fall-off-the-bone short ribs.I'm looking forward to going back next time we're over in the 7th street area.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,9/20/2014,71,136,4,4,4>I'm currently flirting with the idea of going from vegetarian to vegan now and having been back to Spiral just this past weekend, I am bumping them up another star. That is solely for their vegan cheese. Seriously, have you tried vegan cheese from the grocery store? I couldn't scrub that foul flavor off my taste buds no matter what I did. So I was a bit apprehensive about trying the nachos here, you know, covered in nacho "cheese" and sour "cream". I was hungry, it is what I was craving, so I took the plunge anyway. To my very happy surprise, they were fantastic! OM NOM NOM! stuff my face good! They came out on a massive plate, covered in quinoa, jalapenos, guacamole, and some actual crave-worthy delicious cheese sauce! The leftovers were even good as a midnight snack that night after many a vegan friendly beer. Also good - the brutal tacos which had some well seasoned seitan (I like that my spell check keeps asking me if I meant well seasoned Satan). The potato salad is also still the only potato salad I have ever liked from anywhere. The service however is still..... rude. That is the only word I can give it. They aren't friendly here. I am super friendly and bouncy, and I feel like my happiness hits a brick wall whenever I walk into this place. No one smiles. Or are they just not smiling at me? Does my deep down love of cheese somehow permeate my being and thus you must scowl at me? You have delicious vegan food, you are in an awesomely hip little spot..... smile already damn it. Your frowney faces, lack of banter, and annoyed replies are what cost you being a favorite place to eat, they are what stop me from suggesting it when I am out with vegetarian friends, and what keep that final star off my review. I want to love you Spiral, why won't you let me love you? Keep the vegan nachos ready though and I will still swing by for pick-up.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,9/19/2014,53,275,4,6,3>Had to give an update to my Dentist office now 5 stars. I just had a visit and they did a wonderful job. The ladies at the front desk are very nice and helpful. And my dental hygienist did a great job as usual. A very  thorough cleaning.  Dr. La came in and did my check up very professional. As I said  before this is a very good, friendly, helpful and clean Dental office. My appointments are set for me when I want them. I never have a long wait almost always right on time.  If your looking for a Dentist I would give Arlington Family Dentist a try.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,9/18/2014,75,46,6,7,6>Ask for a to-go box when you order.  Seriously.The only thing bigger than the cheesesteaks is the owner's personality.El hubs ordered the philly cheesesteak and a gyro.  I ordered the vegetarian burger cheesesteak.  Plus two orders or fries and two banana puddings.The owner is very friendly and funny as she starts cooking your order and asks you what you want on it.  Hubs took his gyro to the table as I waited for my veggie burger.  They handed it to me in a large cardboard boat, and it was HEAVY.  Hubs used to think my veggie burgers were too healthy until he saw this thing.  It was so heavy I think I strained the muscles in my arm.  Then they handed me the banana pudding in a small to-go container, and it was even heavier!We couldn't finish our meal.  I ate most of the insides of my sandwich but not all the bread (10" hoagie roll) - there's no way I could have finished all of the bread without self-inducing a food coma.  It was the LEAST healthy and MOST tasty vegetarian burger I've ever eaten.  But it wasn't greasy at all, just very cheesey and dripping with ooey gooey grilled onions and peppers and all kinds of goodness.I was so busy having foodgasms that I didn't pay much attention to what my husband was doing.We could have easily ordered one fries between the two of us.  And one banana pudding - but that's okay, we took those to go (and I'm eating PART of mine now - I think I'll easily get three servings out of this).The back room is cute; they have it set up for the live bands on Friday and Saturday nights.  Plus a small dance floor, which earns a +1 star from me, putting them at 6 stars.  However, the AC was off when we got there and it was a bit hot (so minus 1 star putting them back at 5), but they turned it on as soon as we mentioned and they noticed it was off.It's a bit far for us to be regulars, but I wish we could.  I think the owner knows everyone who has ever been in her restaurant, and if she doesn't know you she will by the time you leave.Right down the I30 service road from the ballpark, so the next time we go to a game we will probably stop in.Gonna go sleep off my food coma now.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,9/17/2014,52,84,4,8,3>My last review is now fifteen to twenty visits old... it's well past time for an update!I think Heather S. said it pretty well below, in that Joe's is consistent. My wife and I come in for our favorites and we're never disappointed - everything is hot, fresh and delicious and we always leave pleasantly stuffed.If we're feeling like a lighter meal, we might just get a slice or two of pizza or share some baked ziti and an appetizer (which is usually a spinach wheel for me or some garlic knots.) If we're hungry, I get a calzone with a salad and she'll choose from the pastas. It almost doesn't matter what you get, in that everything is excellent. You can't really go wrong, or we haven't managed to in thirty-something visits.So, yeah - clearly I'm a fan!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,9/16/2014,214,55,1,9,4>The best crawfish in Arlington!It's always consistently good here. I swear we eat here almost once every week. Today the oysters were so big and delicious. The crawfish was big and fresh as well. I didn't know you could get a mix of all the flavors! (cajun, garlic butter, and lemon pepper) There was a nice tangy, kick to it. It's my favorite now!! Only negative thing is they don't have po-boys :( they have other fried platters though, like Cat fish, shrimp, alligator comes with cole slaw or fried rice. BYOB here as well! They can accommodate very large parties. Joes cajun will always be my favorite spot to go to for crawfish.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,9/15/2014,119,182,1,6,5>I'm easily satisfied when it comes to ghetto tacos. As long as there's good sauce and flavorful meat, I'm pretty much set. For those of you who aren't familiar with this taqueria, it's located to the left inside the Shell gas station. I saw the sign on the mart when I came here for gas and decided to give it a shot one day. I had a decent experience; ordered the beef taco and it was average. I don't particularly remember it standing out to me in any way, so I didn't come back for several months. I went back this afternoon and was feeling pig, so I ordered 3 of the pork tacos as a quick lunch on the way back from work.The woman working the cashier was super friendly. I was concerned that she wouldn't be very welcoming, since I was a little Asian girl in a gas station filled with Hispanics. All of the seats around the corner were filled with customers stuffing their faces with tacos. She offers onions with every taco, along with the red and green hot sauce. You also have a choice of flour or corn tortillas (as with almost all taco places).Food came out in less than 5 minutes, and when I opened my package (took it to-go) I saw 3 small tacos. I'd say they were about the size of my hand, but I really didn't mind since each taco was only 99 cents. I spent $3.25 (tax included) for this, and I thought it was a great deal for something that was quick and made fresh. Red and green sauce came in a tied sandwich baggie and you can buy more for 25 cents each. With places like these, I'm always concerned about the cleanliness of the area. Honestly, the little corner was so open that you could see everything that the employees were doing to make your tacos. For my pork tacos, the meat was fresh and very flavorful. Generous onion portions spread on top, along with a few other spices and cilantro. Two slices of key limes on the side to squeeze on the tacos. I'd say this place is a really great deal. I could have easily eaten 4 tacos, but I was satisfied with the 3 that I ordered. There's also breakfast tacos (haven't tried them) and daily specials on certain days of the week, so you can order an entire meal for only a few dollars. If you're not much of a taco person, I saw a few other options available on the menu as well. It's definitely more than just a taco corner. And since it's in a gas station, you can grab a Dos Equis to drink with your taco. It's a very underrated place, in my opinion. Worth trying out if you're looking for a less crowded spot on the east side of Arlington.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,9/14/2014,47,115,1,7,7>Sometimes a restaurant is more than a few walls, a kitchen and a dining room.  Sometimes it provides more than a chance to feed the public.Sometimes a restaurant adds to the community, provides a friendly face in the neighborhood.  Picks your town, your city, your block to serve food to and provide a place to congregate for your fellow co-workers and neighbors.  This civic pride cannot be calculated in dollars but it is there.I remember seeing the So-Cal Taco Truck, last year, stationed outside of Bear Creek liquor store, mostly every Thursday night in all sorts of weather.  I don't remember too many people lining up to food truck as I drove by on my way home from work.  I never stopped by.  I always thought if I stopped, then I would be obliged to pick up some gin or tequila, but should I eat first and then buy the booze or what?  By then I would have already sailed past.  I did not expect to see the So-Cal Truck much longer in the Grapevine-Colleyville area.So I was surprised, elated when I found out So-Cal moved to its own restaurant in Grapevine.  They moved up but not away.  The ultimate goal for any food truck, the seedling that Torchy's Tacos once started out as.  I'm proud of them.  They made good and they stayed in the area.I went for lunch for the first time and liked what I saw once I stepped in.  They had managed to look different from every Fuzzy's and Torchy's nearby.  The booths were covered in ocean blue vinyl and the tables were weathered wood.  I got the Al Pastor Pork taco, the San Diego panko-encrusted fish taco and the chips & queso.  The pork was nicely spiced, the fish was a little less so after eating the pork.  I put the tomato salsa on the fish, and it was back to rocking.  The queso is a little grainy but not unpleasantly so.  It reminded me of trying to make a grilled cheese sandwich with a good cheddar.  When you use real cheese, it can get same grainy texture.  The chips were thicker than normal but because you tell they use real corn tortillas in the fryer.I'm coming back, I'll bring my co-workers, we will bring our cash monies. Thank you So Cal Tacos.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,9/13/2014,36,86,4,6,5>Yippee, my first Yelp review and it gets to be for one of my very favorite restaurants.I've been eating at Pak-A-Pocket at least 2 times a week for over 17 years. Now granted I work in the area but their lunch specials are always great and the price is very reasonable. The daily lunch specials are around $6.00 (after TT&L) you get a pocket sandwich (choice of 2 every day), chips, fruit (apple or banana), and a drink.They have all the usual deli sandwiches but my favorite is Taco Pocket Wednesday. They have the Taco Pocket every day but Wednesday is the day it's the special. The Taco Pocket is ground beef (spiced just right), American cheese, sour cream, lettuce, and tomato all in a pita pocket.The pocket sandwiches are all really good but the PITA CHIPS.... Oh man they are just the best. They are made fresh several times a day. Pita bread toasted to "garlicky perfection" and loaded with herbs and spices. A word of warning when I say garlicky I reallllly mean it. The garlic will stay with you for HOURS. I get into trouble every now and then even at 10:00 at night after having them at noon. If you become a regular and order the same daily special every time (like I do), you order will probably beat you to the register. So if you want to change something you need to get their attention as soon as you walk in the door.Tell them you want it Terry's way (I said I've been eating there for 17 years) and you'll get a bag of pita chips and an extra bag of pita chip in place of the fruit. Great food and Great service from GREAT people is why they have been doing a thriving business for over 24 years.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,9/12/2014,98,263,3,4,4>An historic downtown with plenty of eateries, shopping, museums, and events to keep a family busy for days. The downtown area stretches about one mile, and has some pretty cool unique options to have fun. The Palace Theater shows classic films every Friday night (Citizen Kane, Godzilla, Raider of the Lost Ark, Goonies) and is very affordable ($5 admission and $1 popcorn). Don't expect dolby surround sound and HD screen on this trip- it's all about nostalgia. The semi-comfortable seats and sticky floors are included! There's a downtown museum to browse on a hot, muggy day. I saw plenty of antique shops and wineries to taste the local juice. I've eaten at Tolbert's which is a classic tavern / restaurant with great comfort food options and live music most weekend nights. There's a little something for everyone here, so check it out if you're hungry and in the area. The Grapevine Railroad offers some cool fun for the family- each Saturday at 10a you can take a 1-hour ride around the Grapevine Colleyville area. It's great for the kids, and nice for the adults when the weather is just right. You can also take the longer journey to the Fort Worth Stockyards (1 hour each way); this trip allows you to walk around the Stockyards for a few hours- there's even a train robbery on the way in!I've noticed that downtown also hosts many annual/seasonal events. Right now there's a pretty decent farmer's market Thursday thru Sunday most of the day. There's also Main Street Days in May and Grapefest (the largest wine festival in Southwest) to keep patron busy. The main reason for 4 stars versus 5 is that the place can get really, really crowded on most days- the parking is not ideal, but there's also a lot of tourists. I can see how the locals might get a little crazy with the parking and crowds.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/11/2014,44,84,3,5,4>Nice little asian store! It's clean inside and organized! They don't sell meats or fresh seafood, veggies -- or produce of that sort. They have canned items, sauces, typical stuff you would need to cook with, desserts, and frozen items. In their freezer there's all kinds of ice creams! -- red bean, mochi, coconut, ube, (similar to taro). They also serve shaved ice -- it's a bowl of ice topped with either jellies/fruits drizzled with condensed milk, yum :) now I don't have to go all the way to Richardson/Carrollton to get it. Also there's mini seating area outside the store where you can enjoy your dessert you order :) I like this store because it's really close to my house which makes it super convenient when I need something ASAP.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,9/10/2014,80,41,5,8,4>I think it is safe to say my boyfriend and I have found our new brunch home here. They serve brunch until 4 which is perfect for my kid free, heathen self. Also, $10 bottomless mimosas!I found Winewood on Open Table but did not need a reservation here whatsoever for Sunday brunch. We got there a little after 1pm so maybe we missed the rush? As another Yelper said, it has an upscale feel without the pretense. We sat at our usual spot anywhere we go, the bar. Although, I wish we had sat outside. I did not notice they had more TVs out there until after we were already settled inside. For some odd reason my boyfriend likes to stare at a screen and eat instead of daze into my eyes and tell me how much he loves me over and over. :-PThere was also two classy dudes playing jazz music on the keyboard and saxophone the whole time which was a cute touch. Hats off to them for waking up extra early on Sunday Funday to come play music for us when they could have been sleeping in or throwing back some bloody marys.Again, $10 bottomless mimosas!! Need I say more?? They do not come in those puny flute glasses either. They are more of an XL wine glass (I posted a pic of us and our mimosas in case you were curious.) IMO, flute glasses make it harder on the server because they have to constantly refill our mimosa more often. I can toss back a drink in a flute in two gulps! (Sorry not sorry I do not sip like a lady.) They do not hold back on the champagne in the mimosas either, and NO ICE to water it down like some other places we have been to.Okay, enough with the mimosas I am obviously ecstatic about, and onto our meals...I had the Brioche Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It came with skillet potatoes and fresh fruit. The cinnamon crunch on the french toast was divine. It did not get as soggy as it could have after the syrup soaked in. I will never complain when my french toast has fruit and whipped cream on top! The skillet potatoes were white and purple with red and green bell peppers mixed in. Perfectly seasoned. I cannot figure out why I have not thought to make potatoes like this before at home, but I am now! Love, love, loved the fresh fruit. Most other places will give you cantaloupe, melon, and maybe some grapes or strawberries. Winewood had mango, blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, grapes, orange slices, and topped off with walnut poppy seed yogurt. I devoured mine and even finished my boyfriend's. My boyfriend had the chicken fried ribeye. Yes, I said RIBEYE. Holy cholesterol,  we were seriously regretting never having it before! Perfection on a plate. He always seems to complain when we go out to eat that his entree portions are never filling. He could not even finish his plate here! I was upset because I did not want that chicken fried ribeye to go to waste. Haha! Do I even need to say we will definitely be back or was it not obvious in the review? Hashtag best brunch ever.P.s. Prices were not bad either for the quality AND quantity of our meals.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,9/9/2014,17,49,3,8,7>Ok folks.......let me start by saying I can be hard on restaurants, but I'm always honest and fair. If a place is doing something wrong I'm calling them out. I came to Big D with ZERO expectations - honestly just hoping it was as good or slightly better than Dickies! I picked up a pound of sliced brisket at 6:00pm - SIX OCLOCK IN THE EVEING, and all the way home was prepping to be pissed off with some dry jerky...... What I got was pretty damn close to perfection!!!!!!! Very very tasty, very moist, great bark, perfect slices, clean and neat! And the house spicy sauce!? I ate a whole spoon full of that sauce straight! I cannot believe this place has been here for 11mo and I just found'em....As of tonight they're a SOLID 4 Stars, and they'll be updated very soon as I work my way through the menu.Minor dings - the juices do get through the butcher paper and paper bag with takeout, and my leather seats are a little shiny right now - switch to thicker brown paper bags. There were also a few too many flies in the place which would've killed my experience had I been dining inside. ThatShould be an easy fix with door blowers or something like that.Bottom line = I'm so happy I found this place, and I hope they continue to grow and improve. We need to support'em in Mansfield and beyond.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,9/8/2014,80,42,2,12,4>True to form, I feel the need to remind all the other reviewers to review a place for what it is, not what it could be - or even what you want it to be.It's $10.99 for an adult all-you-can-eat sushi, tempura, fried rice, Lo mein, miso and ramen soup buffet.  $6.99 for kids 6+. $4.99 for kids 3+. 2 and under, free. The fact that the sushi is rice laden doesn't make it worth 2 stars. It's like saying, "CiCi's pizza is good, but definitely not the place for gourmet handmade pizzas."The sushi - as it's made - is made well, and the flavors are good.  The rolls are made fresh as they run out, they put only 1-2 rolls out at a time of each one and keep them filled by making the rolls right there behind the counter.I came for a sushi fix, not to eat gourmet sushi.  Clearly there are many other great options around to get sashimi, hand rolls and other delicate sushi options.  This is just your bread and butter sushi, and it's done just fine.  They even have hot rolls, that's not common!  Good for what it is, cheaper than going and paying $10-15/roll at a sushi/tempanyaki grill.Oh, and their water from the soda machine is very good!  Clean and the perfect cool temperature.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,9/7/2014,77,119,1,4,5>I was pleasantly surprised by this place! It's fundamentally a sports bar type place but they had a lot of food options. You order like you would at Which Wich with paper and pen then hand it to the front register. I had a grilled chicken sandwich with avocado, bacon, ranch, and a side of fries. I really enjoy places where what you order is EXACTLY what you get. It was simply grilled chicken, no extra stuff I didn't order like lettuce/tomato/sauces. The fries were ok, but I thought the sandwich was great. Lots of TVs to watch your sport of choice. Friendly staff. I'll definitely be back for another game watching night.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,9/6/2014,33,141,5,7,5>I have two dogs: a Pointer (Gretel) and a Basset (Fred). They couldn't be on more opposite ends of the spectrum. The dichotomy is normally great, like dog for any occasion. Need a buddy to watch football with on the couch?  Fred is in. Want to go for a jog?  Gretel would love to join. Want someone to be incredibly excited you're home? Prepare to get double teamed. The downside to two dogs with significantly different energy levels (and appetites)?  Walking them by yourself is painful. Absolutely no synchronization to their pace!  Gretel is 6 feet ahead pulling like crazy frantically hunting squirrels, Fred 6 feet behind peeing on EVERYTHING. Invariably there are always times that for one reason or another I have to get them out by myself. Thank the lucky stars I have Fort Woof. Fort Woof is a pretty standard dog park. Open to anyone, with a big dog side and a small dog side. I don't go over there, but the small dog side is significantly bigger than most. Nice to see that isn't just an afterthought. Overall the terrain is pretty open and flat, with a few trees and plenty of benches. There's a water station that gets the job done with plenty of poop bags (although their bags kind of suck). The surrounding park is pretty cool. Often times people horseback riding will walk by the park, which really gets the dogs going. The park has some trails along with softball and soccer fields. One thing I like to do is walk the dogs around the softball fields before entering the park. This way lazy old Fred is assured to get at least a little exercise. The sidewalks around there are very wide and the area is mostly empty, so my out of control over-sniffing dogs don't  interrupt some poor family's peaceful stroll. Overall a great dog park that I visit regularly.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,9/5/2014,68,134,1,4,4>Hubby and I went to dinner tonight in order for him to eat lots of oysters at a discount price.  On Wednesday, they offer AYCE oysters on the half-shell for just $0.50 each.  Normal price is $7.99 for six or $11.99 for 12, so this is a great deal!The place is pretty bare bones, ambiance wise, with a few big TVs showing the Rangers game.  There are very few booths so plan to come at an off-peak time or to sit at a bar top height table.  We chose one by the window and enjoyed the view of the stadium and traffic on Collins Street.  The patio is small, uncovered and the manager has great ideas to enclose the space to avoid flying debris from traffic and pedestrians, along with a cover so it could be enjoyed in hot weather as well.We each started with a schooner of ice-cold beer; $4.99 for Coors Light and $5.35 for Dos XX.  Big change since our usual haunt charges $6 a pitcher for domestic beer!We also ordered the basket of hush puppies for an appetizer $2.99 for about 10.  They arrived with the meal and were way brown on the outside, but tasted crispy and delish.  They were soft inside with an unusual flavor, maybe Worcestershire sauce?Hubby ordered a dozen oysters to start and was pleasantly surprised.  They were large, not full of sand or grit and had a good, fresh flavor.  The usual lemons, cocktail sauce and horseradish rounded out the tray of goodness!I ordered the cheeseburger, medium rare, with fries.  The burger was great....juicy and had a good grilled flavor.  The fries were very forgettable....would rather have different fries or the choice of a salad, rings or puppies.Hubby ordered the second dozen oysters, which were dispatched in no time.  Two more beers and when he inquired about more oysters, the waitress told us they had just run out!  Oh my, not good!  If you want true all you can eat, go earlier than we did, which was about 7:30p.Service was good, Sandra was friendly, checked back often and rang up our check quickly.Overall, good food, a little pricey on drinks (but consider the location right across from the Cowboy Stadium) and fast, efficient service.If you are in the area, check them out.  They have quite a few non-seafood options like burgers, chicken, salads and quesadillas so it works for us carnivores too!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,9/4/2014,3,4,4,10,8>This review is for those who have never experienced such a unique restaurant.If you are in a hurry,If you require that someone personally tend to all of your needs,If you want countless drink options,If you do not want to interact with others,If you feel that all restaurants should have the same core values,This is not the place for you.This restaurant is very unique and will make you smile if you accept the reality of it all. You may have to get out your phone and research a little too figure out what you are ordering. You may even want to look at the menu here on Yelp and have an idea about what you want before you go. You may even have to ask for assistance from that individual in line with you that seems as though they frequent the restaurant. Yes, the guy in the window wants to create great meal for you so tell him what you want. He may not have it, so have options. The food will not be garnished and look like gourmet cuisine, but it will taste great. Be flexible and enjoy the experience. There is no waitress that is going to take care of it all. There is water and ice available for you to serve yourself.  You may want to help by having your table in an order when you leave. You may pay at the table or have to find someone to pay, cash makes it easier. I usually leave a big tip because the experience is that good. As for the food, the portions are huge, inexpensive and very good. I tell all my friends that all of the leftovers make eating here cheaper than grocery shopping, and the quality is great. If you are looking for a quite romantic dinner this is not the place. I must admit that my wife and I celebrate every special occasion that we can at this restaurant. Works for us, we like good food and fun. I think its BYOB too.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,9/3/2014,25,30,1,12,7>An authentic Korean restaurant finally opened up in this area. I feel like I'm in heaven right now. Normally we would have to drive to Dallas or Carrollton to satisfy my Korean cravings. Now I can just drive 10 minutes down the street. I have always loved this adorable shopping strip. The restaurant looks newly renovated, but they are still working on the private dining on the 2nd floor. When it's completed, it should seat about 20 people. The menu and images on Yelp looked promising, but we had to order a few staples to gauge the food. We were not disappointed. My fellow Korean food lover and I shared an order of Kimchi Ramun, Hot Bowl Bibimbap, and Galbi. We were delighted to find each dish tasted pretty legit as we happily spooned more helpings onto our plate. Service was great. Everyone was really nice and was pretty knowledgeable about their dishes. If you love garlic, onions, bbq, and spices, please give this place a try. You won't be disappointed. Good food is hard to come by in this part of town so I will definitely be a regular at Yori. Thanks guys!! :)
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,9/2/2014,1341,757,3,6,7>$10 + 3 drink tickets + souvenir pint glass. It's not the cheapest tour but it is priced fairly. The  pint glasses are seasonal so you can come back occasionally and collect different ones.This has got to be one of the largest local brewery I've been to. There are plenty of seating inside and parking is not bad. The workers here are extremely knowledgeable and you can ask them anything about the process and they can answer it. My favorite has always been Rahr '99 which was a limited edition brew. I also love their blonde beer which is a lot easier to find.If you live in Fort Worth, this is a must on your to-do list.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,9/1/2014,93,131,5,11,7>Move over Dallas World Aquarium, I dub thee the best animal attraction in the DFW metroplex...for now! I am just going to list the points on why I think it is great instead of writing a long boring review. I came on a VERY nice spring day and it was crowded but it wasn't TOO crowded. 1. Easy to get to.2. Easy and relatively cheap parking. (Ours was free because we parked in the dirt across the street. $5 otherwise.)3. Pretty inexpensive. ($12 for adults, $9 for kids over 3, Free for children 0-2)4. It is HUGE! This zoo is over 64 acres of animals and the lay out is pretty much a big circle so it has a GREAT flow.5. Speaking of flow, it doesn't bottleneck as much as it could because there are many different angles from where you can see the animals. I was never pushed or rudely cut off and it was a really nice experience.6. The food prices are not outrageous. We got a "combo" pizza meal with a personal pizza, breadsticks and a drink for $8.25. Given how much it is at OTHER amusement parks/zoos/aquariums, this is VERY affordable. 7. The food variety was actually kind of impressive. I was expecting the same TWO places like at Dallas World Aquarium, but it had, their grills as well as Burger King, Pizza Hut, & Dickey's.(Yes please!)8. There were A LOT of shaded places when outside and A LOT of air conditioned indoor areas  to get away from the heat. Like a dummy, we forgot to wear sunblock but did not get burned at all. (I would definitely use sunblock though when going in the summer months.)9. You can bring your own stuff inside the park. I saw LOTS of people with rolling coolers of their own. There wasn't a bag check so I bet you could bring your own food in. There were PLENTY of picnic areas for people to eat both air conditioned and outdoors. 10. It was stroller/wheel chair accessible. Although, I am not in need of either of those things, I do feel for the parents and grandparents that need it. Whew!! Hopefully this is a helpful list for you! I can't wait to go back! :)
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,8/31/2014,99,127,3,5,5>Rise and Shine gets super busy on weekends so either get here early or expect to wait a little bit. Besides the wait the food is pretty damn good. The French toast was freaking awesome! There are about 1,000 different ways you can order omelets here and I think it would take you a lifetime to actually have every single version that they offer. The grits were very good and smooth not to gritty. You also can't go wrong with the raisin toast and chocolate milk they both taste super good.I really think that if you just close your eyes and randomly pick something off the menu (excluding the liver and onions yuck) you will have a great meal. The service was a slow at first but once you place your order your food comes out pretty quick. What was also good was that our drinks were never empty and the waitresses were always quick to help. I'm looking forward to going back here but at the same time I know in the future to come early so that the service comes quicker.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/30/2014,25,42,2,10,4>Kei is a master of his craft and serves extremely fresh, not inexpensive fish in a small restaurant where, if you're lucky enough to score a bar seat, you can watch him work. That alone is worth the cost of admission. But then there's what must be the best sushi in North Texas. On my last visit, the highlight was an unfathomable marinated tuna roll, dark red tuna with a light cream center, one of the most perfect bites of anything I've ever tasted. The squid sashimi, the beef roll, the yellow tail. The way to do this place is ask for the chef's choice, and warm sake, and let one plate after another roll out.Kei also specializes in Italian cuisine (someone told me it was his "minor" at the Tokyo Culinary Institute, but there's many urban legends about this place) and includes one or two Italian entrees on his menu. The Tiramisu he serves doesn't seem possible, it's so delicate and fresh and perfect. You have to book several days if not a week in advance. Walk-ins will be disappointed since the place is usually full. There's no doubt this is Denton's best restaurant. When Dentonites talk about our best restaurant, we normally exclude Keiichi from the comparison because it's so obviously peerless.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/29/2014,37,46,5,4,6>Flying Fish has a pretty extensive menu with everything like oysters, crawfish, fish, tacos, grilled plates, fried platters, chowder, ceviche, "poor" boys (po' boys), and more! I got the grilled Tilapia fish tacos that came with coleslaw and pico and a side of beans and rice. I thoroughly enjoyed the whole meal, and I'm quite full. The crispy tacos were stuffed with tilapia  and topped with a generous amount of coleslaw that was a wonderful compliment. I'm not a fan of beans, but these beans and rice were pretty good! I did give most of my beans to someone else before I tried it though haha. They didn't have a problem finishing it for me. The rest of my table ordered either the grilled rainbow trout plate or the grilled catfish plate. They all came with beans and rice and grilled squash and zucchini. One person subbed their squash for sauteed spinach that wasn't bland at all. All of our plates were practically wiped clean, and we sat there for a while trying to digest it all. I'm still pretty full actually. I do have stretchy pants on today though, so no unbuttoning for me this time! (;SERVICE: you walk in the door and are greeted by the extensive menu and interesting decor of fishing pictures and walls full of Billy Bass singing fish. Once you finish looking around and go back to getting overwhelmed by the menu, you order at the counter and are given a buzzer. After that it's pretty much self serve. You get your own drinks and sauce and then you pick your seats. You can sit on the outdoor patio, bar stools, booths, regular tables, or in the extra room with TV's. They do have a stamp card. After your 8th stamp, you get a free meal. UTA students get 20% off their ticket excluding specials, but you don't get a stamp :/ The discount is much better anyway :POh, and for all you ladies who like a man in uniform, I tend to see quite a few police officers dining here (;
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,8/28/2014,92,436,1,7,7>I'm pretty positive this is my favorite bar in downtown. They've got a ton of liquors that other places don't (like Loopy vodka!) and the bartenders will recommend you shots that are delicious! Ask about a monkey shot... we get it every time!  When it's crowded there's not a lot of place to stand or sit, so make sure you get there early to get a seat or a standing spot!! I've also met some of the nicest people in here. The crowd is fun, and everyone wants to have fun. You won't regret coming here for a fun night out in downtown.They are also ranked in Guinness pouring (see my picture)
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/27/2014,332,311,4,8,5>In the DFW area, there are literally dozens of high-end steakhouses/restaurants.  All of the typical chains, and then some regional specialties... like Eddie V's.  The first EV's I ate at was in Austin.  My wife was uber happy when they expanded to the DFW area.  This is now her most-requested special-occasion restaurant.The location is smack in the center of Cultural District - lots of things to see and do around there.  Heck, even sitting on the front porch of EV"s provides excellent people watching at the intersection of six streets.On one of our visits, we were a bit early for our reservations, so we sat in the bar area for Happy Hour.  Let me just say it was an experience seeing these older cougars and sugar daddy's mingle, while sipping discount cocktails and eating discount appetizers.  At the normal price point, EV's is not the kind of place you will see younger or poorer people.The dining room is beautiful - with big round booths perfect for power dinner meetings and a giant glass wall separating diners from the bustling kitchen.  At our most recent dinner, we were seated in a booth right next to the kitchen and I marveled at how the staff patiently waits for an order to come for their station and then they turn-around and work their magic.  It is apparent that they hire great people who are team-players.Our services has always been professional, charismatic and attentive.  This most recent visit, we had Doug, who has been at EV's for two years.   "What about the food?" you ask... Truly everything we've ever tried is wonderful.  I almost typed "everything is awesome" but then that made the darn Lego Movie song pop into my head.  Perhaps Eddie V's should be added to the list of "awesome" items that are rapped about in the song.On our most recent visit, I had the halibut special.  Simple preparation of cooked in a light olive oil, salt, pepper and lemon.   The Wife orders her meat well-done, which usually means that the chef butterflies it.  EV's is so skilled that the filet mignon was cooked through, yet still moist and extremely tasty.  On one of our visits, we splurged and got the chocolate dessert that takes 20 minutes to prepare - truly decadent!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/26/2014,546,102,3,8,6>NOBODY likes going to the dentist. But if you must, Dr Cecere is a really cool, down to earth, and great at his profession! My baby girl had to have a tooth pulled, and he made it as good as it gets for that. His staff is exceptionally nice, and we received two follow up phone calls checking on her.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/25/2014,44,63,5,8,6>Blink and you'll miss it. That's the best way to describe Sol De Luna. The outside of the store is so brightly colored that it gets lost between the other business that surround it on University. You could walk past it a hundred times and not notice it at all, but all it takes is one visit and Sol De Luna will be forever burned into your brain space for delicious, well made and CHEAP Venezuelan food.I like Venezuelan food, and you probably do to, you just don't know it yet. I know what you're thinking. "Venezuelan food = Mexican food" right?WRONG!Venezuelan food uses much less cheese, lighter tortillas, and a lot more fresh veggies. My personal favorite is the fish tacos, you just can't beat 'em. The other amazing thing about Sol De Luna is that their prices are low, like so low you think they made a mistake at the register. But don't sweat it, it just means you have money left over for more tasty empanadas (another personal favorite).Put another way, you won't feel like you need to take a nap after you eat there. The food livens you up and gets you ready to enjoy your day. Yes you can gorge yourself, and there's nothing wrong with that. However, take your time to sit and enjoy the quality of the food. It's prepared right in front of you and that's both a good and bad thing.It's good because it shows how open they are with their cleanliness, but it's bad because you get to smell it cook and it always smells so good you end up thinking, "STOP TEASING ME AND GET ON MY PLATE!"There are a lot of great places for mexican food around TCU but if you end up going to those places, you'll just end up having paid more money and with a case of the sleepys. Sol De Luna, remember not to blink.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,8/24/2014,43,145,2,7,3>So in my BBQ conquest of Fort Worth, I realized that I have not done a Cooper's review. Since we don't live close to the North Side, we have to plan trips out here a bit and the AFC championship seemed like a good time to grab some Cooper's and watch some football. Now, having been to Cooper's many times, I do know the folly of ordering with your stomach, i.e. you end up with a plate full of delicious smoked meats that cost you $35.00 (happened on my first trip). The great thing about Cooper's is their amazing variety of meats: sirloin, two types of sausage, chicken, beef and pork ribs, pork chops, brisket, and pork loin (they even had cabrito at one point). Probably one of the more diverse BBQ menus around. However, that is also a bad thing for you, as you might get a bit overzealous in attempting to try everything that you pay a bit too much for your food. I will say that the prices per pound at Cooper's are a bit more than your average BBQ place, but, at least in terms of North Texas BBQ, Cooper's is not your average BBQ place. Sticking with its central Texas roots, this BBQ is cooked over pits, not smokers. Something that visitors to Salt Lick or the three great places in Lockhart, Tx, can attest to. It makes for a different type of flavor altogether. Onto the meats:The Ribs: probably my favorite thing at Cooper's. I have found through experience, if you have a craving for ribs, you just need to order one. Why? Because this is an untrimmed spare rib, saddled with meat, fat, and delectable salt-and-pepper rub. One large rib should do it for you. Always tender, with moderate smokiness, it really is a hard rib to beat. The Pork Loin: my next favorite thing to get at Cooper's. Again with the same salt-and-pepper rub, it is a larger pork loin and is always moist and smoky, definitely worth a try if you have not had it yet. The Brisket: I think the only weakness for Cooper's. Their brisket is always solid and flavorful, but never really amazing. Honestly I think it has something to do with the cooking method that serves ribs better than brisket. Still a good brisket, but I like the ribs better. The Sausage: also another favorite, especially their jalapeno sausage. Unique flavor and great coloring to the casing, easily one of the better sausage links in Fort Worth. The Sauce: ironically, the sauce at Cooper's is one of my favorites, despite the fact that, being in Texas, I do not consider sauce a necessity. But I think the rust-colored sauce here is as it should be: something to compliment the flavor of the meat, not mask it. That is due to the very runny nature of the sauce, followed by the strong vinegar bite to it. Great for dipping. I usually just pour some into my beans and go from there. All in all, if you can control yourself a bit when ordering, you will have a great experience at Cooper's. With its size it is great to bring families and friends from out of town and pig out as well. When you are looking for a bit of diversification from your standard North Texas BBQ, Cooper's will do it for you.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/23/2014,33,93,2,4,5>I cannot say enough good things about this place, and I wish all of my friends would join. The staff, clients, trainers,..everyone in  here is just great.For the most of my life I have been 130ish lbs with a little cardio time to time and mostly watching what I eat, but now I can go nuts on those cupcakes because I joined Title Boxing (lol). This Place is beyond just doing random cardio at the gym and eating less. Husband and I decided to give it a try, we loved it so much that we joined the club the same day, also the downtown location is convenient for us Anyway, the facilities are about what you'd expect with most of the floor space going to a massive rack with tons of punching bags hanging from it. There's a small-ish boxing ring in the front, and a small assortment of weight lifting stuff in the back. If you don't have your own gloves, there's a whole bunch you can borrow from them. If you're like me, and not really into using communal gear, the club has its own little store on the corner where you can get on boxing swag including gloves, wraps, t-shirts, shorts, bag to wash your wraps in, and some other trinkets. Price is affordable and comparable with market. I checked out pricing online, and while you could probably do "a little" better on Amazon piecing together your own kit, it's nice and easier just getting everything at the club, especially if you're new and don't really know what you need.Classes seem to run most days from around 5:30 or 7:00 AM to around 18:45 or 19:00 at the latest. Unfortunately, there's only three classes on the weekends, with the last one starting at 13:00 . Not really an issue for me, but it might be for you.Like most gyms, if you decide to join you have to pay first and last month's dues up front. Title Boxing also have you do a year-long commitment, but they seemed to be really open to the idea of letting you out of it assuming you have a valid reason to do so when I was signing up. Hopefully this attitude persists if I ever need to cancel, but, I suppose we'll see. Right now the price is $60 a month, which I'm OK with.The class I attend usually consist of a mixture of warm ups, bag work, and medicine ball lifts. The warm up basically amounted to what you might remember doing in high school gym class. I was sweating like crazy before I even knew it. After ~15 minutes of that, you put your boxing gloves on and the instructor calls out different punch combinations to do on the bag. Something like "Left uppercut, right uppercut, left hook, right punch, repeat." Eventually bobbing and weaving, along with a whole bunch of other stuff is added in.The final portion of the class starts with everyone heading to the side of the room to grab a medicine ball. A good tip would be to start with the lightest one and see how you do before stepping up in weight. I'm glad I did, as I couldn't believe how heavy that 8lb (I know, sounds light, right?) felt after doing various abdominal work with it for the last 15 minutes.Another thing I wanted to mention is that each instructor has a slightly different style, so assuming your schedule is open enough you can get them to tell you which classes are more traditional boxing focused and which mix in kickboxing techniques. They also offer private boxing training, which seems to be what you need to do if you actively want to improve your boxing technique..You might be wondering about the five star rating if I'm not over the moon on Title Boxing. Honestly, what really pushed me over the edge was just how ridiculously friendly, awesome and skilled the staff is. Everyone there is really cool, willing to answer any questions and help in anyway.When I leave Title Boxing I feel full of positive energy, I can see my body toning
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,8/22/2014,14,109,3,5,4>I'm not sure about why there is such a heavy concentration of premier steak restaurants near downtown Fort Worth's convention center, but without a doubt the consumer is the benefactor.We visited the Capital Grille last night, located across the street from one of our all time favorites Ruth Chris', and re-discovered why we are so fond of Fort Worth. When you walk in the door you realize you are going to love the evening as the layout of the restaurant provides both openness and privacy. We have been to many "high end" restaurants where the layout is not conducive to conversation due to the loud ambient noise. This is not so in the Capital Grille as we were seated in a room with only four tables, allowing a relaxed evening without yelling to talk to each other.Our waitress, Michelle, opened the conversation with a special that was in effect called "Open Pour", which was flight of 7 wines you could drink during the night for a single price. What a great way to try different wines and at a very reasonable price. By the end of the night all four in our party had their own favorite.And the food! Their calamari (both breaded and gluten free) were exceptional and the lobster/crab cakes were outstanding as well. I wasn't as fond of the salad as the rest at my table - probably because I shared my wife's selection. But the main reason for coming - the steak - was phenomenal! My wife's and mine were cooked EXACTLY to our specifications. Our friends decided to try the halibut special and loved what they had.  After such a great meal with a wide variety of wines, we finished with the flour less chocolate cake. Another winner.I'm not sure if this is typical of this restaurant or we were lucky. I have to try it again and hopefully we've discovered a reason to return frequently.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,8/21/2014,28,10,10,11,9>This place made me realize that my kid is an idiot.  Fine, he's not an idiot--he just has questionable taste.  I was incredibly excited about this place when it opened.  However, aforementioned progeny visited there with a date before I made it over.  He hated it.  He railed on it.  There wasn't enough spice or there was too much.  He didn't like what he ordered. He vowed to never eat there again.I love this child and (at that point) respected his gastronomic decisions. Thus, I avoided the siren call of The Bowllery's offerings.  I avoided them for so long.Finally, I was entreated to visit with some friends when they suggested it as their favorite go-to.  Healthy fellows, I decided that I could assuredly fine something edible on the menu....and then everything looked amazing.  I ordered food that made me feel amazing afterwards.  Clean vegetables, and bountifully added proteins (I opted for both tofu and beef because damn, both are good) graced my bowl.  I drank a smoothie filled with things that I hate but which I knew would make me feel better.  It was green.  It wasn't as bad as it could have been (based on my personal preferences).  It made me feel better afterwards.  I logged into my phone to type out the first line of this interview so that I could later share it with my son.  Defensive when I showed him the line, he explained that he and his date had ordered for one another on their first date.  Sure, there might have been other issues, but his explanations fell on deaf ears as I just stared at him, gobsmacked.  Go to The Bowllery.  The people there are delightful, and they currently make their own sriracha which is incredibly endearing and yummy.  You will get clean-tasting food that makes you feel energetic and excited about your health after you eat it.  I have suffered through the woes of healthy but disgusting food in the past.  The Bowllery makes up for all of those experiences.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/20/2014,75,237,4,10,7>OMG we visited Cairo last Friday night for dinner and it was astonishingly amazing.Let me get a few disclaimers out of the way before i start gushing about the food:   - All the food is scratch made and made to order. Meaning, there's a considerable wait. I would recommend coming when you have ample amount of time and aren't in a rush. Thankfully our active toddler was distracted enough that he didn't cause too much  of a scene waiting for his food.    - Yes, the place still needs some interior work done but don't let that dissuade you from trying this place out.  - If you're a soda drinker be warned that they serve soda from a can not a fountain. If you're on the thirsty side order some iced tea instead. it was nice and strong.Anyways, on to the gushing.Since i've been on a restricted diet I ordered the Red Sea Chicken Sheesh Kabob (Chicken, grilled veggies, a small side salad, and basmati rice) since i cant have much rice right now, they graciously swapped out some baba ghanoush for my rice. My husband ordered the Fetier Rubak, my father in law got the Sinai feast, and they made a child sized plate for the little guy with rice and grilled veggies. My kid does not mess around with good food and demolished his plate pretty quickly. My plate was fantastic. The kabob was juicy and very flavorful. it had too much of a lemon flavor for my husband but it was perfect for me. My husband's fetier on the other hand blew me away. It was this round meat pie made out of phyllo dough and stuffed with ground beef and ground almonds. it was so flaky and flavorful we were floored. I opted for their hibiscus tea to drink instead of regular tea (sorry i forgot the name). It too was flavorful and lightly sweetened. it was refreshing and absolutely wonderful. Our waiter (the owner) brought out a sample plate of dolmas for us to try and I usually dislike dolmas but these were slightly warm, hand-rolled and ridiculously good. Cairo definitely made a convert out of me with their dolmas.The owner as I mentioned, was our waiter. He was very helpful and gracious. In some ways between the service and the quality of the food it felt like were were eating a nice comfy meal over a friend's house. He mentioned to us that all the cooking is done by his wife. We all agreed that she should be commended because we enjoyed our meal so much. BTW - i forgot to talk about the baba ghanoush. OMG that was consistent with everything else we ate. flavorful and tasty. i think they added a different kind of spice in it besides the usual garlic, lemon juice, and tahini so it gave it a slightly different flavor that complemented everything else we ate.My husband and I are huge fans of turkish coffee so we of course had to order a pot. We forgot to ask for ours slightly sweetened but it didnt matter because it was nice and smooth with a good kick.Pricing was reasonable and portions were decent. I cant wait for our next visit.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/19/2014,111,121,4,7,8>My girl (who is super addicted to cheese) and I went to Lee's after visiting them during the Secret Garden event. Grilled cheese is a simple, crucial part of childhood...it reminds us of a simpler time, when we spent the day playing outside, and came sprinting in, willy nilly to sit down to a hot grilled cheese sandwich paired with a simple tomato soup.Lee's definitely highlights those feelings of nostalgia, and easily expands on it. The menu, while grilled-cheese related, provides plenty of variety for most palates. Naturally, you shouldn't come here if you have an aversion to cheese. That being said, the two dishes we had were fantastic. We ordered the Mac and cheese sandwich (with extra cheese), and I had the Grilled Cheese Deluxe (with ghost pepper cheese), each paired with creamy tomato soup. We also ordered some fries to share. The fries came out first, and boy oh boy were they good. Hot, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside with large ground black pepper and sea salt, the fries were a perfect appetizer (as we had to wait for our main dishes). Our sandwiches came out post-haste, and once we took our first bite of those melty, cheesy, carby delights, we were in pure heaven. And then we tried the soup. Oh my goodness the soup...creamy and fresh tasting, this was definitely made in house, and served as the perfect pairing to our sandwiches. The ghost pepper cheese added a nice kick without being overwhelming (although take that with a grain of salt as I am Asian and can handle a far higher level of spice than most). My girl found the mac-n-cheese sandwich to be amazing, although she did think that the half-size was appropriate due to its relative decadence. Wonderful, and I'll be back when the mood strikes. I definitely need to try the PBnJ based on other reviews, and I'll be sure to try out the dessert at some point.Great job, Lee (and the Duke).
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,8/18/2014,184,259,4,7,3>This breakfast/lunch venue is absolutely awesome! And the best part is that I found it on Yelp. Folks, the reviews and the level of customer service and quality of food completely are justified. The quantity of the food is something to behold. YOU WILL DEFINITELY NEED A TO-GO BOX!!! LOL. I highly recommend showing up to this venue early. It is usually packed. Also, check out "The Gunslinger" meal, which I found to be phenomenal breakfast item. Meals such as omelettes fill up the entire plate, as well as pancakes. And don't be surprised if you receive a quart of pancake syrup. Yes, I am correct. A QUART OF PANCAKE SYRUP!!! I'm telling you, the quantity and the quality of the food is pretty good, and massive. And the prices? Very, very reasonable and possibly a little less than an IHOP or Denny's. The wait staff is very attentive to your needs and concerns, and orders are processed very quickly by the usage of electronic devices comparable to smartphones by the servers. I can't wait to go back and fill my belly up to the limit. Check it out!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/17/2014,135,233,2,10,5>An awesome new ice cream shop in Fort Worth's Southside, and it's ours, all ours! And yes, it's called Melt Ice CreamS, with the S.I've only been here once, and I'm not sure if or how often they change flavors, but there were around six or seven available the day I visited. In addition to vanilla and chocolate (both homemade, the chocolate one made using Dude Sweet Chocolate chocolate from Dallas), they had really interesting flavors, including Pineapple & Coconut, Lavender, Coffee (using beans from the folks at Avoca only a few blocks away!), Strawberry and Basil.I ordered two scoops, one with lavender and the other with strawberry and basil. Amazing.LAVENDER: You could get a lot of lavender in the taste, a surprising amount, but really good. Plus, there are pieces of lavender in the ice cream--amazingSTRAWBERRY AND BASIL: Two flavors that go together well in general. Two flavors that go together similarly well in Melt's ice cream. And, again, you get actual pieces of basil in the ice cream. Both of the flavors are equally prominent.I can't wait to try their other flavors. Even though the place is more expensive than your average ice cream shop, this place ISN'T your average ice cream shop. They make everything from scratch, including their waffle cones (which are amazing, by the way--made in an actual waffle maker and thus very fresh-tasting and not too brittle), and all their flavors are creative and tasty. If you're not an adventurous ice cream eater, they have vanilla and chocolate, too. Hooray Melt!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/16/2014,147,187,7,7,6>I stumbled upon Vietalia as one of the places to eat in Arlington according to a list I found online. I was not disappointed. I was expecting a fusion of Italian and Vietnamese for some reason but it's totes not that at all! They make both cuisines and everything is fresh at a really good price! My companion and I made sure we got something from both sides of the menu - calamari, charbroiled pork bahn mi, lasagna, and charbroiled pork vermicelli. Everything comes out as it's ready. The calamari was perfect. I don't know what sauce was on the side but it was so good! The bahn mi has to be the best I've had in a while. The bread was fresh, the pork was marinated just right, and there was the perfect amount of pate and veggies. The vermicelli I'm sure was good - I didn't really dig into that as I was waiting for the lasagna which came out awesome. It reminded me of the lasagna I would get back in CT from the little Italian restaurants around my area. Oh the memories. I can see how this place is popular for UTA students. The price is good, food is good and caters to a variety of palettes. It is a bit small inside, so that kind of sucks. But it's worth every penny and more. Oh and the little Vietnamese lady up front is too cute and so nice.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/15/2014,88,258,5,9,6>First and foremost, THANK GOD WE FINALLY HAVE GREEK FOOD IN GRAPEVINE!!!!!We were SO excited to come try Alex's Greek Cafe and the best testament I can give is that we went for the first time on Friday and proceeded to eat there again on Saturday and then have it delivered on Sunday.Oh, didn't you know? THEY HAVE DELIVERY!!!!!For a new restaurant in a somewhat unusual strip mall, they were totally busy both times we went. It's a small restaurant, so I felt lucky to snag a table both times that we went in person. They are BYOB, which is always lovely. All the service we've had so far, including the delivery, has been extremely friendly. Not a lot of atmosphere in the restaurant - some shades or different lighting would help with that. It would also be nice to just have music instead of the TV playing.As for the food, it's SO yummy. I've been getting the falafel sandwich and my husband has been getting the gyro plate (yes, the same thing all three times because it's that good!). They are huuuuuuuuggeee pitas overflowing with delicious food, so be prepared. I ordered a hummus appetizer the first time and the baba ghanoush the second time and  both times it was a totally unnecessary amount of food.I'm sure we'll branch out eventually, but for now we are hooked on their delicious, warm pita sammies. With the great prices, friendly service, and the ability to have delicious Greek food delivered directly to my doorstep, I'm officially a super fan of Alex's Greek Cafe.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/14/2014,356,554,6,10,9>I thought it was about time to update my review to Tandoor.  This location has been opened since my UTA days and has always been consistent.  As mention in my previous review, if I can't get my mama's cooking, I go here.  The buffet is really good and at $7.50/person you can't beat that.  The buffet line has a variety of items.  I specifically go for the Naan and Chicken Tikka Masala.  The Naan is so fresh and soft as it should be.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is so yummy and has the perfect blend of seasons.   The naan goes perfect with the Chicken Tikka Masala as you can scoop up the leftover curry that is on your plate! LOL!  The samosas here are fantastic as well.   My coworkers and I try to come here when we're all in the office.  We all love it.  The staff here is very attentive and make sure our drinks are refilled timely.  You have to end your meal with the rice pudding.  I love how the rice pudding is ICE cold as it should be.  Rice pudding SHOULD NOT be served warm in my opinion.  We all walk out stuffed and ready for a nap.  I've been to many indian buffets before and Tandoor is still my number 1 favorite.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,8/13/2014,257,111,7,12,8>Love this place! Way better than the North Park location because it is a lot bigger (3 stories) and therefore, a lot more room for the happy hour bar spots! One of the biggest reasons I avoid the North Park location is that it gets so packed during HH and you basically have to hunt down a table like a vulture when you see a table is closing out. This location is huge and pretty busy but I'm sure it will die down a little after opening weekend.  Beautiful classy and upscale atmosphere and the top patio was enclosed in a plastic shield so it wasn't so cold out. The only thing was that the elevator didn't work but I'm sure they'll fix that up soon. Food was just as good and cheap and I think their margaritas got even stronger. My girlfriends and I didn't last very long after downing only 2 (unfortunately). Chanh, our server was great also. My favs are the ahi wonton crisps, crab crunch roll, spicy tuna, BBQ chicken flatbread, and raspberry margarita (all from the HH menu). Oh yea! HH ALL DAY on Sundays too!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,8/12/2014,56,42,8,12,8>My fiance and I visited From Across the Pond last Friday (Valentines Day) for dinner. My fiance is sticking to a strict Gluten-Free lifestyle right now, thus we had high hopes that this place could satisfy her non-gluten cravings. We found this place very easily and were greeted by four different employees as soon as we walked in the door. The owner cracked a joke at how popular we were after a few employees offered to take us to our table, it was funny and it was nice to see him reaching out to his customers. We were seated and almost immediately presented with some warm bread and marinara sauce. It didn't take long for my fiance to break her gluten-free night as neither of us could resist the smell of the bread. We knocked out both in a few minutes, then ordered a scotch egg as an appetizer. Our waitress came back quickly after we had ordered the appetizer and informed us that the appetizer hadn't been prepared gluten free and asked us if we'd like the place to redo the order. We thought it was great that they were so attentive and caring when it came to my fiance's lifestyle. Given that the appetizer was for me, we left it as is. I was more than impressed with the scotch egg. The consistency was perfect and the flavors meshed really well. Not many places can make a scotch egg like this place.The one and only complaint that I have during my stay was the amount of time it took for us to receive our entrees. It took a little longer than one would hope but to be honest, we were enjoying the place so much that we really didn't even notice until near the time that we received the entrees. My fiance ordered the chicken fettuccini alfredo and I ordered the bangers and mash. We both really loved the entrees and agreed we'd come back just for those plates alone. Not only was the taste their but their was a really decent amount of food on our plates. We ended up taking the leftovers home and eating them for dinner on Sunday. I was impressed by the fact that the food maintained it's flavor two days later. This place will earn five stars if we get the same service on our next trip. Throughout the entire stay, we experienced wonderful customer service, beautiful decor and excellent food. Don't be scared away by the Gluten Free tag, this place offers as much items with gluten as it does without. You'd be wise to give this place a shot.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,8/11/2014,105,169,4,6,2>I am embarrased. My office is less than 1/4 mile away and I have driven by Los Molcajetes about 400 times, never stoping. Why would I? A shopping center Mexican Restaurant? Well, Monday night, a late night in the office and on the way home decided to stop in. My expectations were low. I never heard about this place and my co-workers never said that they went there for lunch or dinner. The food was great. The service excellent, and the vibe of the restaurant was nice. It was a mix of business people, families, young, and older. As i soaked in the atmosphere munching on my chips and salsa, I thought, "did I find a gem"? When my order of Mexican Style Quail and side of Enchiladas arrived, I knew I was in for a treat. The quail, perfectly cooked and the enchilada was delicious and void of grease. The rice was moist (Not dry that you would think later in the day) and the beans were spot on. As I left, I asked myself, am I the only one that likes this place? When I got home I typed up the restaurant and saw the reviews on Yelp. To my surprise, I was not alone! I can't wait to go back next week as I have found my new lunch spot and a new dinner home for my family and friends Tex-Mex cravings. No other tex-Mex on these lips and taste buds. I am now a Los Molcajetes follower. I can't believe it has taken me this long... however, the wait, WELL WORTH IT!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/10/2014,188,78,1,5,4>Aside from one or two places in Dallas, this is the only other Thai place that serves the Thai eggplant also known as the apple eggplant. Talk about authenticity! It came in the red curry and the flavors and textures were absolutely tantalizing. Richness from the curry balanced with extra spice with a bit of a crunch from the eggplants Since I am also noodle obsessed, I can never eat at a Thai restaurant and not get Pad Kee Mao. Again, the flavors were well balanced and perfect. Noodles were perfectly cooked and the dark soy sauce and basil was eminent in every bite. The orange raspberry green tea was very refreshing on a hot summer day. I had to take away a star due to the wait. Now, I know that somebody's grandma must be in the kitchen cranking out these amazingly authentic dishes, but perhaps she can use a little help back there. No complaints on the food though and I can't wait to be back.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,8/9/2014,16,18,4,11,3>The real Cafe Italia in Grapevine!  Don't confuse the two, Hwy 26  I've eaten at both locations multiple times, and it's hands down Ira E. Woods (Hwy 26) location!!! Why? Service, food and a passion for a great experience. The owner, Nick, does a table side performance of card and magic tricks that belongs in Las Vegas!On to the food... no comparison, Hwy 26 kicks ass! The Sea Bass Special will make you want to spend the night.Surprise to me, I've found the best steak in Grapevine... the Filet Mignon Opua is the best steak I've ever eaten. The creamy peppercorn sauce is to die for.BYOB which I love, no corkage fee. Be sure and say hello to Papa who will greet you at the door.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,8/8/2014,107,48,5,6,6>I don't normally give 5 stars... Usually there is at least something that knocks a star off at every restaurant. But this place is fantastic.Molly and I went there on Sunday morning and even around 11AM there was already a line to order.We both ordered the 2 meat plate. I got brisket with chicken and okra and cole slaw as sides. Molly got the pulled pork and turkey with cole slaw and beans. It was all perfect. The brisket fell apart on the fork. So moist and charred. Delicious. The chicken was tender and flavorful. Honestly, Molly and I both kept saying "this is the best BBQ I've ever had." Also, their BBQ sauce is sweet and savory and they have a spicy version if you want to add a little pepper to the mix.It was funny, the restaurant was so quiet even though it was full. That's because no one would open their mouth unless they were putting in more food.This was a great addition to Denton. Highly recommended!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/7/2014,123,38,5,4,5>This park is on one of my running routes and I run by it often. It is a very nice Town of Pantego park that has a lot to offer. The landscape is very well maintained. Plenty to do including multiple children's playgrounds, bike/running trails, and even a body weight workout area. There is ample parking and the bathrooms have always been clean and open when I've visited. The park is split up into a north and south pavilion. The south end has more to offer of the two. The pavilions are $25 to rent, $60 for non-residents. You're probably wondering why only 4 stars? There is room for improvement, it is missing a few things that other nearby parks have (tennis courts, basketball goals, possibly a water splash pad for kids). Overall Pantego did a great job with it! I have always felt safe while at this park with my daughter and I highly recommend it!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,8/6/2014,71,86,3,8,2>I've never been much of a thrift shopper but seeing some of the pics on Yelp, not being too far from home and some free time, I decided to check this place out.The store is not too large and well organized, for a thrift store. But.............oh...........my..........cheese and rice, did I make out like a bandit.  For a whooping $60, I bought seven dress pants, all but one were brand new, from high quality brand names.  Five tops, a pair of brand new of shoes, two brand leather hand bags, a bad-ass leather belt, a paper shredder, cordless phone, and a necklace.  I can't believe the quality brand names I got that I love and usually pay close to $100 for just one item!  Most of my items were brand new.  They had some cool furniture too.  Not much a children's selection but upon checking out the cashier said the children's items are the highest in demand and do not last long.  They even had some rolls of high quality cloth.  The staff was soooo nice and all profit goes to charity.  So now when I donate items, I will be going there.  But mainly I will be going to shop, shop, shop.  I am completely shocked at the items I bought.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/5/2014,113,594,2,7,5>I came here the other night for a date.  I'm not from or know much about the Southlake area so I went to my trusty Yelp app to get some help for a date spot from my fellow Yelpers!  The reviews and overall ratings told me TruFire would do the trick. Thanks Yelp fans!!Even though it was a Sunday night I still made reservations, who knew that places that don't require a jacket still take reservations.  They have what looked like a nice patio with misters but it was just a little too muggy and warm for that.  So after opting for the A/C we were sat in the main dining room.  We ordered a TX on the rocks and  Texas Pear to drink, and a hummus appetizer to start us off.  The TX was a generous pour, bonus points already, and the Texas Pear was a pleasant surprise.  I only tasted it but was worried it would be super sweet.  It wasn't and it tasted great.  The hummus was a large portion with plenty of pita slices.  We left half of it on the plate by the time our dinner arrived. Dinner was the Latin Fire Pizza, it's a 12" pizza that was made up of avocado, cilantro, diablo sauce, caramelized onions, three cheeses, beef tenderloin, and roasted jalapeno cream sauce.  The Pizza was amazing and offered up plenty of flavor and a richness that was simply delicious.  A win in the entree department and definitely worth having again.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/4/2014,399,374,4,4,7>It was time for my "Avention's  fix" so I decided to head to the west side for lunch. You can't beat Aventino's lunch specials. You get salad, bread, your entree and tea for $8.50. That's a deal!Today's lunch special was tortellini with a "Rosa" sauce (basically a pink sauce). I ordered the special and wasn't disappointed. My salad arrived shortly after ordering. I absolutely love Aventino's house dressing. It's the perfect raspberry vinaigrette, just the right blend of spices and not too sweet. My cheese tortellini with the Rosa sauce was wonderful and served pipping hot!I was really full but was tempted by the homemade chocolate ice cream pie with the cookie (Oreo type) crust. Oh my, it was decadent and the perfect end to a perfect lunch. This pie was truly homemade. Chris Hight, one of the co-owners, when growing up worked in the family's ice cream shop. Trust me, he's an incredible chef and definitely knows how to make homemade chocolate ice cream. YUMMY!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,8/3/2014,113,147,4,10,3>I am so happy that the hubs and I don't have children because that frees up room in the budget for grass-fed beef, free-range chicken, fresh-caught Atlantic salmon and anything else at Central Market that tickles our fancy. Ha. One thing that Central Market does really well is the product of the month/season. I so enjoy the themed months like hatch-chili month, or citrus fest which is currently happening. They feature seasonal items, and devote recipes, signage and FREE SAMPLES to the product.  I may never have tried a hatch chili on my own, if not for the samples.  And now?  Now I crave hatch chili hummus, hatch chili mashed potatoes, etc.  Another reason Central Market is the emperor of the grocery store world, is their devoted butchers. I cannot stress enough how nice it is to walk in and see the same faces dolling out meats and seafood. I really trust their opinions/recommendations.  They always offer to put the fish on ice for me, and they never hesitate to answer questions I have, like "may I smell the fish first?" or "was it wild-caught or farm-raised?", or "what's the best grass-feed beef for the least amount of money?"  Haha. We cannot afford to shop here regularly or for every item on our grocery list, but we do come here 1-2 times per month for two main things: produce and meat. Everything we've sampled from the café is delicious, and I love that they feature live, local music on the weekends!Parking can be a problem, and patrons can be the snobbiest and most aggressive drivers. So, be cautious in the lot!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,8/2/2014,48,57,6,9,6>First thing first...this restaurant is going to need to upgrade its space quickly. There are only about 12 tables in this small space, and the food is just too damn good to not be able to house 30 tables on a weekend evening.  Fork has menus on the table, but the prices are located on a giant chalkboard on the side wall and shows the burger of the week.  The appetizer selection consists of hummus, edamame, crack a roni (truffle Mac and cheese) and a few others.  The build your own burger option has multiple cheeses, toppings, and proteins such as their homemade pulled pork or a fried egg.We had the pork sandwich on a kaiser roll and the Reuben.  The pulled pork is not your traditional BBQ style, and it didn't claim to be.  It has some spice and is very savory.  The Reuben could have used some more of their homemade jalapeño thousand island dressing because it was a tad dry.  I had a bite of my sons kid burger, which was served on ciabatta. It was outstanding and I only wonder what it would be like with some of their many topping options.  We also got a slice of the red velvet fudge pie, which is red velvet cake served in a pie shell and topped with fudge.  It is a little too much for me.  The dessert version of a turducken.Chop House down the street better watch themselves because Fork has the ability to take over the burger scene.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/1/2014,2,92,4,4,3>Wow, this place was impressive.  The only knock I have on them was the portion size didn't match up to the price, but I'll definitely go back.The chips are great and the salsa is served in a bowl, with half being green sauce and the other half red.  It's really good.  We ordered the guacamole and it's by far the best I've ever had.  It had bacon in it, which I thought was stupid, but now I'll get it every time we go back.I was lucky because I went with a group of friends and three of us got three different types of street tacos.  Duck, al pastor and the "tradicional".  While I've never liked anything duck related, ever, it was by far my favorite.  I didn't even want to try it, but the flavor was amazing.  Not overly fatty, and the red sweet sauce served with the tacos is absolutely amazing.  My next favorite was the al pastor, which wasn't overly fatty either, although I believe it's pork belly (at least that's what the menu said I think).  The traditional tacos were just that, yet they were great.  This isn't your overly cheesed tacos where you can't taste the meat.  Very well constructed tacos that were insanely good.Great place.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/31/2014,160,643,4,5,3>I have had burgers before at the Star Cafe which were excellent but this time I tried a steak. WOW. this steak was far better than Cattlemen's of H3 Ranch down the street. Also the price was less. That's the best steak I think I have had in Fort Worth. Four of us at dinner each got a different cut of steak and a different level of doneness. Each of us had a perfectly cooked steak from rare to medium rare to medium to medium well. I had a NY Strip that was perfection. I had a couple bites of a friend's filet mignon and it was so tender it was like butter. Highly recommended. You won't get fancy decor here but you will get fabulous food.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/30/2014,101,362,4,7,6>As another yelper called it:  A Suburban Oasis of Culinary Creativity!  We love this place!  Hidden here in the heart of Keller, its actual gourmet food without having to go into FW or GVin (or Southlake, or Dallas, etc).Me and the Brunch crew hit it on Sunday morning.  And when you have 4-5 different Eggs Benedicts on the menu, you are unfairly going to be put on the precipice.... You start with a 5 and balance on the edge of the waterfall!Balancing achived!  Well done!  5 Stars!How do you imrpove on Prime Rib Eggs Benedict?  Add a Prickly Pear Mimosa, of course!  Champagne Wishes!  The Bloody Mary's are awesome!I'd like to tell you what everyone else had, but I'm pretty sure I was face down and didn't come up for air!As I said before... 5 STARS easy!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/29/2014,71,182,4,4,3>Hooligans is a nice little bar. It's kind of a hidden gem in Arlington.It's kind of hard to find, it's right behind the Twisted Root burger.The building and decor is very nice, the staff super friendly and they have really great beer on tap. The bartender was very knowledgeable and gave my husband and I great recommendations and gave us small samples before making a decision.They really have a nice variety of beers, it's hard to pic what to drink.We tried: Paulaner Hefeweizen, Wyders Berry Cider, Revolver Blood & Honey and Sculpin.All the beers were amazing and we had a lot of fun, great atmosphere. They have a pool table and Foosball upstairs. How cool is that? I will definitely go back.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/28/2014,32,176,4,7,3>#6 stop on my quest to visit Fort Worth's 20 oldest restaurants.  For your first visit, I understand dinner traffic can be very crowded, so go for lunch, that's what I did today.  Very limited parking in front and just 3-4 spots around back is it.  There are only 15-16 four-toppers inside, so max capacity is only about 60-70 hence my comment about the dinner rush.Fried fish (cod or catfish) is the way to go at Zeke's, although there are limited other things on the menu (like fried chicken ... Get the "fried" connection . I got the cod lunch combo, which came with 2 nice sized pieces of fish, 3 nicely spiced hush puppies, and two "veggies" of my choice (I opted for the little fried corn fritters and the fries, but the fried okra looked tasty as well.  This substantial portion with a sweet tea came to $11.97, a really nice value.This is a super casual place, and you need to be ready to roll up your sleeves and shoulder in with eclectic crowd, that at lunch ran from business men and women, to Duck Commander types, and everything in between.  Plastic baskets and napkins rule the day.You order up front, and then find your seat and the fried magic is brought out to you when ready.  The place was half full when I was there and my combo took 10 minutes to be brought out, so I expect wait times for the orders will be 15-20 minutes when the line is stretching out the door.  It's worth it folks, Zeke's kitchen crew has the frying process down pat.  Lightly coated and flash fried so the outside is crunchy and the inside is super moist and flaky.  Really satisfied my fish and chips need.  They give you a couple dipping sauces and a bottle of ketchup and Tabasco on the table.  Would have liked to see some vinegar around, maybe I just missed it.The servers run the baskets out from the kitchen to the tables, and everything is made to order, so it comes out hot and fresh.  I was checked on a couple times by the staff and my tea was refilled gratis.  I noticed no one was leaving a tip when they left, c'mon folks, the girls are working hard to make sure your experience is as good as it can be .... Show a little love.Thoroughly enjoyed my visit.  Think Zeke's will be around for at least 35 more years.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/27/2014,93,52,5,6,5>Oh baby am I glad this location has finally opened!!!! This area was in desperate need of a true burger joint. Got the chance to eat here for lunch today and their Bulgogi Burger is the BOMB.COM! 1/2 lb beef patty topped with Korean Beef with grilled mushrooms and onions!!!! Get the heck outta here!!!! Here I am trying to cut back on my burger addiction and they open this gem up right by my house! LOL!!! My burger was cooked to absolute perfection, and so juicy and flavorful. Seating is pretty limited, so come check this place out soon before it gets really popular. It won't be long before the word spreads how awesome it is and Hollywood Burger will be staying busy! I think I'm going to try the Dejigogi Burger tomorrow! My inner fat kid is in so much trouble.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,7/26/2014,70,71,2,6,5>At the advice of fellow yelpers, I ordered the com ga roti. Yelp has never steered me wrong and this is no expcetion! It was literally one of the best meals I've ever had! The dish consisted of tender dark meat chicken on tomato rice with veggies (lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber). It came with a vingearette that was a good balance to the salty/sweet flavor of the chicken. I also got the pork puff pasty which was light and fluffy, but not the best I've had. I ordered Togo. The phone service was average. I got there about 15 minutes later and was helped right away. The owner was really busy but exteremely polite. I got in and out in under 5 minutes! I definitely stocked up on the com as roti before leaving town to head back to school--it actually still tastes good when reheated. I'm excited to try other dishes, but its going to be hard to top that com ga roti!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/25/2014,0,15,2,7,2>Great little taqueria.  The fresh guacamole was very tasty.  I enjoyed the red and green salsa with chips.  The street tacos are the real deal.  I tried 3 (Grilled fish, carne and pork.  Squeeze a lime over each taco and enjoy.  This place just opened.  I highly recommend it for lunch.  It looks like to-go orders and caterings are something they will thrive at.  Spread the word there is a legit taco and torta place in town.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,7/24/2014,297,590,1,4,2>I came here after a few games of volleyball at La Playa (used to be Yucatan) when we decided we wanted something healthy for dinner. What's better than a bunch of lean, raw, fishy bits? We opted to sit in the bar area since the dining room had a 30 minute wait. All of us had on some variation of gym clothes and I didn't feel out of place. The bar had a mix of business casual after work dudes and regular joes. We went HAM on the sushi menu and ordered a ton of rolls and several small plates. My favorites were the hamachi heaven small plate, the tuna carpaccio small plate, the agedashi tofu, and the Vegas roll. We shared a large format bottle of the lychee sake and it was sweet! A bit too much for me, but our other diners liked it. Since we decided to share everything amongst group, our food coming out in waves wasn't a problem. My only issue was how long it took for our check. After we asked for it, it was over 20 minutes before it was brought to us. If you check in with yelp you get a free tempura ice cream for dessert!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,7/23/2014,662,212,8,11,11>I don't have to drive to Dallas for these scrumptious frozen bits of heaven!I love how they utilized the space- it is located directly across from Fred's- I don't, however, like that you are not allowed to use the parking garages or if its a Friday night- cant find street parking anywhere! (Minus one star) I drove around in my car drooling for thirty minutes the night they opened and finally just gave up.I made it back yesterday with my sister and her two kids in tow and it was a Wednesday afternoon so- no problems parking. I was disappointed that they were out of a lot of flavors- I didn't get my Cherry Sour Cream but settled for a Blood Orange instead. My sister got the Hibiscus- if any of you like Aguas Frescas its basically frozen Jamaica- and a Pineapple Jalapeno to go for her hubs. The babies got banana and a chocolate. My sister tasted the banana and couldn't get over how it tasted like a real banana and not "banana flavoring".We sat and watched the workers through the large glass partition (its totally open so you can watch them juicing cucumbers and mashing strawberries) in the kitchen as they scrambled to make more pops. I told my sister the reason the pops actually taste like the real thing is because that is what is in them- she turns to see a chick mashing up fresh blueberries and dumping it into the pop molds. You totally don't have to feel bad about eating these bad boys- its not a whole bunch of corn syrup and artificial flavors. The pops are about $3 bucks each- and you can buy "packs" of them that come with a little brown insulated bag and ice pack that will get you 30 minutes to shove them in your mouth or freezer. I recommend your mouth..I really hope they get the parking under control- the manager said they had a meeting with the "powers that be" regarding letting them use the garages, but he also said that a lot of the small shops on 7th told them that they would validate SCP's customers for them so we didn't have to fight anyone for spots.So go put some of these in yo mouth! Right meow!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,7/22/2014,65,195,2,7,8>This place hits the spot on a hot summer's day! It's a tiny, tiny paleteria but man, it sure does bring a crowd!! I tried the pistachio paleta the first time I came here -- it was very nice and creamy! I came back to try something new the next week -- the obispo! It was a dessert with shaved ice with your choice of flavoring, condensed milk, strawberry marmalade and a scoop of ice cream. I loved it! Most of the people I saw who ordered the obispo chose to have the ice cream on the top but you can put it on the bottom too. That's what I did and it was perfect. All of the flavors mixed in together and made the most delicious treat! I definitely want to come back and try more of what Alma's has to offer!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,7/21/2014,9,100,1,5,4>I can't believe it took me this long to check this place out. I was greeted with friendly and warm service when I walked in the door. The nice guy at the counter immediately offered me samples of their jellies and boba. This is by far the best boba tea place in Fort Worth! I had a barely sweet green jasmine tea with a mixture of jellies and boba. I love how you can choose your sweetness just like a lot of good boba/tapioca places in other cities. I'm not big on the fruity flavors, so was very happy that my tea did not taste powder like. Perfectly cooked boba and a wide variety of flavored jellies...there is definitely something for everyone here. They will remake your drink if you don't like it. Now that's customer service and a shop that really wants to make you happy. I am definitely coming back.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,7/20/2014,42,63,1,3,2>I've been meaning to try this place out for the past year, and finally got the chance to last week.... and it did not disappoint!We came at peak lunch time, so there was quite a line, but it moved very quickly. After we ordered and sat down, our appetizers were already out with the entrees following soon after. Of course I got the highly raved garlic beef nachos, and it was seriously a mountain of goodness. My fiancé got the chimichangas, which came with chips and salsa. Their mango tea was amazing, especially after it was mixed with the sweet tea. Mmmm. If the hot sauce was actually hot, I think it'd add a nice kick. Nonetheless, we both loved our entrees and will definitely be back very soon.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,7/19/2014,1,31,,3,1>Fun and cozy ambience; we capped off our family night outing at D'Vine's and enjoyed the three glass tasting. Then split a bottle amongst the four of us based on our tastings. Enjoyed the service, the atmosphere, and the opportunity to chat together at the bar.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/18/2014,152,106,,4,3>It took me longer than it should have to get over to I Heart Muffins for all their gluten free treats. Like the glutton I am, I ordered 1 of a bunch of things and everything was wonderful. They had paleo treats, vegan treats, AND just regular ol' sugar filled gluten free treats. The chocolate cake made me fall over from deliciousness. The paleo treats, I think take some getting used to.If you're in this area, or even if you're not, and on a special diet, it's worth checking out. That was a lot of commas.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/17/2014,55,175,,7,3>So many reviews of Joe T Garcias begin with the statement "I dont get this place, or the attaction people have to it"!!!  I have always been one of the naysayers, having only eaten there once many years ago...meh, at best.But I tried Joe T's again on a whim of recent...and I LIKED IT...A LOT!!!  Sitting outside around the beautiful fountain, gardens, great drinks, good (not great) food....it works together to create an experience that makes people line up for 1.5 hours to enjoy...and I have to say I GET IT!!!!Fajitas were good, and the accompanying condiments were better than good!  Guac was excellent!  Chips, salsa, all great!  Did I mention the margs...strawberry is wonderful!!  There have been few reviews I have written that suprise me, but Joe T's is one.  They have never claimed to be fine dining, but they do claim to be a FW tradition and destination, and frankly, they do it pretty damned well!!!A fan!!!!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,7/16/2014,29,51,,4,2>I've been here twice and have had an awesome experience each time. Their food is fresh and their sides are plenty and delicious. The kimchi, pickled cucumber and the fish cakes especially.I got a hot soup along with their hot pot. The soup was very tasty. Loved every bit of it. The hot pot here made our day. Four friends and we were still not able to finish it. It comes with a side of white rice.The meat here is really seasoned very well. I savored every bit of meat both in the soup and the hot pot. I'm definitely going here everytime I'm in Arlington and happen to crave Korean food.Oh yeah and the staff, they are kind and greet you with a welcoming smile. They don't bother you too much during your meal and are always around the corner when your water/soda is running out.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/15/2014,23,135,3,5,3>I decided this hole in the wall was on my list way too long after trying it. Started with the fried plantains,  what a treat!  Crunchy,  sweet and salty.  Can't say enough about these.  After 2 weeks I'm still wanting more.I had the red fish which came as the whole fish for like under $20 plus fabulous sides.  The fish was cooked perfectly.   It was tender and juicy.   Sol had oxtail which I had never tried but now am in love with.  He also had jerr boy chicken which was mega spicy and goat which was mega tasty.In all our meal was fantastic!   It was a great experience in service also.  We will be back!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,7/13/2014,9,8,1,5,2>Went here for the first time today and it was very good! The place is small yet warming. The menu has a lot of items to choose from, and is very easy to read. I got a complimentary hot and sour soup because it was the "soup of the day". I ordered a small meatball noodle soup and the orange chicken, that came with a small bowl of rice, both very satisfying and delicious. The dish size were great! Overall, I would recommend this place to all of the Asian food lovers! This place is very inexpensive and great to have lunch or dinner!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,7/12/2014,62,67,1,5,3>Hanabi ramen is truly a great find! Located near all my other favorite places , near 7th this was a delicious dinner! It's a smaller place, but has a very authentic feel. I enjoyed the atmosphere and decor. Very peaceful and set the mood. We  were greeted with a very warm welcome , service was very promt and efficient. For starters we had fried squid which was so tender, almost melted in your mouth. With a very light batter. A sweet dipping sauce gave it added flavor. The Kara Miso Ramen was incredible! Huge serving! I hope you're hungry. The flavor was spicy and smooth. The noodles were cooked just right. The flavors were so intense it made me not want to stop eating! The price? Not too bad, the appetizers are a bit high. We ordered a chicken skewer for my daughter and it was rather high for one piece of chicken, beer prices are rather high but for the flavor I will go without beer for this soup!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/11/2014,7,17,1,4,2>This place is THE best!! We have a blast every time we go. My roommate and I are regulars! We go EVERY week. Good time. Something different than just a loud bar or dance club. And not only are the performers super hilarious they are also super talented musically! I highly recommend this place.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/10/2014,195,245,,8,5>If it has water, this summer, we will try it out. I'm glad that we decided to go here, simply bc spray grounds are few and far in between. Good ones anyway. We love the water, but I don't like my boy being submerged in it everyday at his age. Ear infections are the pits, so we have the option of sliding around the corner and just playing in the splash pad instead of using the pool. I love that fact that everything is under a canopy. It's made for you to not be directly in the sun, and I my skin loves the City of Grapevine for that. I think it's $5 for adults and $2 for non residents of Grapevine to enjoy the pool, but the spray grounds are completely free. Combine that with the coolest park EVER, and our days are made! We pack lunch and head on over! I have just as much fun as my baby!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,7/9/2014,4,7,,4,3>I have been going to The Usual since the week it opened. When I was first 21, I remember spending a lot of time here before they had art on the walls and an internet jukebox in the corner. Since that first week, about a month after my 21st birthday, I have been to a lot of bars, all of which I compare to The Usual and few of which measure up. In DFW-and probably Texas- there is no other bar that offers better made cocktails than The Usual. I have been friends with the owner and some of the staff for a long time and I am always treated well, but they treat everyone like this. My wife and I, plus our group of friends, always make this our first stop on New Year's Eve, and even with wall-to-wall people, service and drink quality remain impeccable. Hands-down, some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Their menu changes periodically as well, so there's always something new to try. Inside is comfortable and trendy with intimate private booths that can seat about six. The outdoor patio is cozy and encourages talking to people sitting around you, plus great tacos at the Holy Frijoles! (see my review for more) food truck in the parking lot. Also, for the Old Fashioned fans, I have never found one-even after searching Portland, OR-that is as delicious as the one at The Usual.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,7/8/2014,0,3,,4,2>This is one of my favorite restaurants in DFW and I eat out a lot all over the Metroplex. The owners Michael and Nina are some of the nicest business owners you'll meet and are very dedicated to keep their customer happy. I come here almost every week and so far I had the Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, fried rice, soft shell crab, lobster and the curries. My favorite appetizer is the veggie tempura. The quality of all their dishes is just great. Their home-made peanut sauce is one of the best I've had so far. They told us that they just remodeled the kitchen in order to serve the customer better and faster. Love their home-made ice cream as well. I'm usually very picky when it comes to restaurants but they are doing are really great job here.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,7/7/2014,53,93,,3,1>Saviano's belongs on my list of fav Italian restaurants in the Metroplex along with Lucia and Nonna in Dallas, and also Nonna Tata in Fort Worth. Simple, but very delicious and the service is beautifully gracious. Here's the deal, Saviano's is Italian-style comfort food made with love. Everything is prepared from scratch and served piping hot; substitions are happily accepted. I'll be honest, I was skeptical dining here the first time (it's in Euless), but they more than exceeded my expectations and we just keep coming back. Be advised: the wine list IS pedestrian, but reasonably priced by the bottle. Salute!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/6/2014,148,88,,3,2>Glad I gave Papaya Garden's Pad Thai another try - wowWw'Weeeee!!  Pure Pad Thai perfection!Remembering to request spice this time, I ordered the #3 spice, a medium spice on their 1 to 5 scale.  It wasn't eye-watering spicy but has more kick than tabasco.I also tried the sticky rice with mango and it was light years ahead of any I've tried in the past. Leftovers are going to make an excellent sweet treat for brekky.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,7/5/2014,18,76,1,5,1>This place has some incredible sandwiches. I guess it is the quality of the meats, breads, and cheeses. I believe they use Boar's Head meats. Obviously that is reflected in the cost. However, you can still get a sandwich and a tea for about $9. All the sandwiches come with thin string potato chips and a mini cookie. To me, that makes up for it. Who doesn't want a free desert after lunch? They also have a variety of tea options that seem to change from week to week.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,7/4/2014,6,23,,3,1>We were celebrating a birthday and wanted to try something new...We searched Yelp for steakhouses and found this location had many reviews with a high star rating so we decided to try it out.We made a reservation through Yelp and were welcomed upon arrival.There is no dress code for this establishment though the ambiance implies business casual. The service was impeccable, we arrived around 5:30PM and it was not busy, however business picked up while there.The staff was very knowledgeable regarding the menu; answering any questions we hadThe appetizers were delicious...we ordered the Pomme Frites and Shrimp & Grits. Very different but wonderful!We ordered drinks from the bar and they were made perfectly! The main dishes were served in a timely manner and to everyone's expectations within our party. We ordered a variety of desserts. Just like the rest of the meal...it was delectable.The music didn't seem to be on at all times.The prices are on the higher end but well worth it.The ladies room was very clean.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,7/3/2014,47,98,,2,3>Greenhouse is just Denton in a box... a big, pretty, wooden box with a super snazzy jazz bar and amazing patio. Whether you're coming for a fresh cooked meal, craving a fancy old-timey cocktail, want to enjoy some late-night live local jazz, or just want some booze in your snow cone, they've got it all. Greenhouse is a solid choice for anything from a casual meal to a date night.The menu, while rarely changing, features an assortment of different options. They cater to the healthy-minded with a variety of salads, fresh fish, and vegan/vegetarian options. And then they speak to the Texan deep within with a long list of burger favorites- from the garlic burger loaded with 10+ roasted cloves to the BBQ burger boasting piles of cheddar cheese, bacon, and sauce. While I'm not a vegetarian, their black bean burger has become my staple menu pick and is the best BBB I've ever had. It's got the perfect amount of spice and flavor, is the correct consistency for a bean patty, and is topped with avocado ranch... you just can't go wrong. Put all of that on a fluffy wheat bun with a side of their famous crispy/salty/sweet potato fries and you've got yourself a deal for $8! Add on one of their rotating weekend drink specials for $2 and you can dine in style without breaking the bank!I really love that they are constantly trying new things. As I said, the main menu doesn't change (lunch and dinner are the same menu, too), but they are always offering new and exciting things on the supplemental seasonal menu. This normally includes at least 2 new entrées, new specialty/themed drinks, the $2 drink special, and more. If your table doesn't have the little plastic table tent on it, borrow one for another table because that's the only place you'll find these hidden treasures.I recommend you sit in the bar area, even if you're not drinking. The dark wood and dim lighting ambiance just beats all...and they have the cutest bathroom tucked away in the corner (I sound weird, but check it out). They've now banned smoking inside due to new Denton ordinances, which makes this the perfect place to eat. Just craving a fancy cocktail but don't want to fight the lines at OSDH or Paschall? Their bar is open until 12pm on the weekends and hosts TONS of classy drinks (many created by the employees), from a Dizzy Gillespie martini (yum) to a Sazerac. You'll need to ask for the drink menu to see all these goodies. Check out live local jazz on Monday nights 10-12pm with great drink specials.Oh, and the patio is probably the best at a dining establishment in Denton. Pairs well with an adult snow cone on a lovely afternoon. Love love love!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/2/2014,10,33,,2,1>Fun for something a little different. You can get stuff like rabbit and rattlesnake sausage and buffalo and elk and stuff like that that you won't find just anywhere. Very cool western atmosphere and goes perfectly in the setting of the stockyards. This is really a place for someone open minded to non-mainstream kinda foods and willing to pay the price because it's not cheap. I spent $30 on just my meal and that was for lunch and I drank water. It's an experience for sure though:) I've heard that Woodshed, one of Love's other restaurants, is amazing so I plan to check that out soon too:)
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/1/2014,1,13,,2,1>What can you say?  Great food, great décor, excellent service.  All of the appetizers and entrees  are tasty and unique.  The roof is a great place to have a meal on a Spring, Summer or Fall evening.  If you have out of town guests, this is the place to bring them to show something Fort Worth.  Also a wonderful place to have a cocktail, before or after going to Bass Hall or a movie.  Any menu choice is a good choice.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/30/2014,4,101,,4,4>Fred's is THE PLACE to go for classic Fort Worth music, eats and drinks in and around 7th Street.  Skip the martini bars and overpriced steaks and pull up a stool. The bands they books are mostly playing their own original music, meaning they don't have cover bands belting out "all my exes live in Texas", and instead keep fresh musicians on the bill.  The food is fine - I know it gets some rave reviews, but for my money you're coming to Fred's for the music, the atmosphere and to avoid the sportos driving around 7th in their $100k Mercedes.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,6/29/2014,49,178,,2,1>The water effects are very very nice, and give some real lift and quality to the area. The upside down umbrellas were unique and with the led have potential. As an outdoor music venue it may be a nice place for light music and a stroll. For opening weekend it was a bit sad that they weren't fully staffed with tons of different booths and opportunities and trying this and trying that I was actually quite surprised at the small turnout. The new RadioShack store is a joke. What was being billed as a part museum parts sales is really just the same old RadioShack with a facelift and about 9 feet of cases, 3 three-foot sections of some of the oldies but goodies. I actually went to the RadioShack first prior to the Square. For all the occupancy that was being billed on the radio it really didn't show or translate into real activities. The place has some real opportunities especially when Bass Hall lets out.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,6/28/2014,93,398,,3,1>This specific water garden is extremely nice.  It was very odd to find it in the heart of downtown Fort Worth, but what a nice surprise.  They have lots of different pools, fountains, water falls and other water features.  It is a nice relaxing walk  to enjoy the day.  It was full of people, but not overly crowded.  It was quite an enjoyable little stroll.  Very nice place for scenic pictures or just meditation.  If you are in downtown Fort Worth, I suggest you stopping in and taking in some of the fresh air.   Great job Fort Worth.  I love this place.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,6/27/2014,5,7,2,5,3>This is the perfect little family-owned kolache shop. I called in an order for 3 dozen kolaches this morning and needed them in less than an hour. They delivered!! The man who helped me (I'm assuming the owner) was so appreciative and friendly and the kolaches were fresh and delicious. Prices are good too. I debated on 4 stars because I like pan sausage crumbles vs the link ones, but that's just my preference.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,6/26/2014,0,12,,2,1>Amazing tacos. If you like street tacos then this is the place to go. Quality product. I always have an overflow of cilantro and onion which makes me happy. The sauce that comes with the taco is fresh and delicious. I just finished 4 and wish I would have bought more! I ordered 3 steak street tacos and 1 bean and cheese.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,6/25/2014,0,4,,4,2>I have been to Avoca countless times the past two years. I can't say enough good things about it. The second you come in, the staff welcomes you and they actually seem interested in talking to you. The employees are very genuine and I love that. The atmosphere is great. It is the perfect place to work on a paper or chat with friends. There is always amazing music playing softly in the background (Mac DeMarco, The Velvet Underground, The Beatles, etc.). But lets cut to the chase-the coffee...It is incredible. Everything is brewed on-sight, so you know that you are getting the freshest and highest quality brew. Some of my favorite drinks include, but are not limited to, their soy latte and chai tea latte. Their coffee is exceptionally smooth and it always makes my day more enjoyable. I highly recommend!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,6/24/2014,1,3,,3,2>We have now been to Taste of Italy 4 times now, and each time has been more impressive than the last!  My family has had enough opportunity to sample different dishes and every single thing we've tried has been delicious.  Our last trip revealed the best surprise of all....GLUTEN-FREE PASTA...and it's excellent!  This is a blessing to me because I've recently had to remove all gluten from my diet.  This pasta allows me to still enjoy my favorite pasta dishes!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,6/23/2014,48,50,,4,1>Definitely one of the best art museums I've been to.  It's small, but they have a good selection of exhibits that rotate through here regularly.  The last one I went to, which is still currently showing, was "Samurai: Armor from the Ann and Gabriel Barbier-Mueller Collection."  This was one of the most popular & highly anticipated exhibits.  Kimball did a fantastic job setting it all up.  So many people went.  In fact, every time I go to the Kimball, it's always crowded.  I've yet to attend any of their films, but I plan on it next time I have the chance.  This is definitely one of the jewels of Fort Worth.  You must stop by here anytime you're in the area.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,6/22/2014,1,11,,2,1>I have never had a bad dish here! The original spring rolls, grilled pork spring rolls, and egg rolls are awesome. The #13 Pho Tai is awesome! The broth is herbal and delicious. The rice plates are yummy too. You can't go wrong with the grilled pork or short ribs! The service is always awesome too! :)
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/21/2014,243,187,1,9,6>Popped in with wifey on a Sunday and shared a cheesesteak.   I got the "small" which is a half-pound of meat??   Small?? Anywho - Mo shaved a hunk of meat, grilled (griddled) it real hard (had a real nice sear on it) with onions and bell peppers and slammed it into a toasted hoagie roll with lettuce and tomato.The meat is lean, tender and seasoned well.  Not a true Philly by any means but hey - nobody's keeping score and it TASTES GREAT.  End of story.Next visit I'll try the pizza or the famous pastrami or corned beef.No-nonsense place either.  Not fancy or big.   Great for takeout or a quick stop-by bite.Tip : Mo's mom makes the Baklava herself and it's worth a stop alone
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,6/20/2014,145,116,2,3,2>Awesome shop that totally meets my design aesthetic.  It's a nice mix of gift/stationary items and unique housewares.  There's something for every price point from great candles and tableware for a few dollars up to artwork/furniture in the several hundred dollar range.  I particularly dig a couple of the unique card lines that the store carries along with one great tableware company.  I also loved some of the unique wall art, some of which is photography from the owner himself.  Many of the pieces are very Fort Worth-centric and took me back to my childhood.  As the owner of an old home, I spotted many pieces that would enhance the architectural quirks of my bungalow.  I anticipate many future visits to Wrare to put the polishing touches on my decor or pick up special gifts from friends & family.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,6/19/2014,19,138,,3,1>Fantastic. The venue is gorgeous, the seats are comfortable enough and the accoustics are incredible, everything you'd want in a high end theatre. There is free parking at the garage nearby and the staff is polite and attentive. As with most theatres, if you want to have a drink, it's a bit pricey, but there are a number of great bars within easy walking distance if you want to start there. There are the occasional unruly child, like all theatres, but my only real complaint is that I once chose to take wing seats on the first level, as they were the closest available and quite cheap. You get even less than you pay for, as it leaves with only a view of the front of the stage, about a thrid of the backdrop, and a very suspension-of-disbelief ruining view of the of the wings of the stage and a lot of backstage goings on. This can be a problem with such seats, and you pay much less for them, but I feel it was worse than necessay, these seats shouldn't even be on sale or should cost next to nothing.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,6/18/2014,10,527,,3,1>What a great place to get some exceptional food, seems it is all made to order with the freshest ingredients available, and makes a great difference! It does take along time to be served, but we got there at one of the busier times...They are currently only open 5-8pm for dinner, M-Saturday, but we took enough home for 3 lunches!!!  Would gladly go there, and, it's BYOB, so bring a bottle of wine or six-pack of beer and chill!!!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/17/2014,55,166,1,5,2>This place is awesome.  When my husband and brother in law suggested it, I was skeptical.  Is it really worth driving 20 minutes to stand around and watch a brewery tour. Answer YES! It's not a brewery tour people it's a place to stand around drink beer and listen to music.  Now the music isn't always good (sometimes its bad) but there's a food truck, three pints of beer, a cool pint glass and music.  All for the bargain price of $10! I'm down, but seriously people get a DD or call a cab.  I don't care if you are the president of a fraternity and can do a keg stand for 20 minutes without a buzz, drinking 3 pints in the 2 hour timeline would  make most people tipsy so plan ahead! YAY BEER!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/16/2014,45,112,,5,2>Excellent food! We came on a Wednesday and had the buffet which was perfect for people like me who like to try a little of everything! Dolmas were very good and loved the baba ganoush. The gyro meat was great also and everything was very fresh. I was happily surprised to see Baklava on the buffet, perfect ending to a perfect meal! Will definitely be back! Don't be fooled by the fact it is a hole in the wall in a strip center, this place is the real deal!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,6/15/2014,13,27,,5,2>I was craving a Philly Cheesesteak so I went to Fred's and OMG!  WOW...that was the best cheesesteak I have had in years!  I also ordered a bacon cheeseburger and it was incredible as well.  Fred's has gained a loyal customer because I will not go anywhere else for a cheesesteak (unless I'm in Philadelphia).  Great job!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/14/2014,11,30,,2,1>If the 4th of July had a child and that child happened to be a sandwich, the Pit Sandwich at roosters would be it. Brisket, pulled pork, and smoked sausage with perfect pico and sauce on Texas toast. I came on a Sunday and had the bloody marry bar which is a great deal.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,6/13/2014,216,29,,4,4>Awesome drink specials. Cool Bartenders. Whether late night hysterics or afternoon on the patio, The Chat brings all kinds of folks together under the auspice of loud music and cheap drinks. Lots of good points for the random nature of interpersonal interactions, you never know who you're gonna meet.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,6/12/2014,77,119,,3,2>I went for lunch one day with a friend. I live on West 7th and had never noticed this place. Unassuming from the outside, the inside is like a cool lounge. We both got one of the specials, chicken tacos. It came with four small tacos and this AMAZING salsa. It was almost more of a sauce, extremely tasty. We didn't try any drinks because it was a weekday, but it looked like they had a stocked bar. We were only slightly off-put by the price ($13 for the special), but it was delicious, so it's not like they sold us short. Good service, friendly staff. I'll come back for the HH specials!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,6/11/2014,93,131,1,3,2>So the hubs and I came for a sushi and teriyaki dinner and wanted to kind of go all out as I was tired of sub par sushi. I wanted something fresh, delicious and non-fishy after a long day of walking around the Fort Worth Zoo. I wanted REAL sushi. Cowtown Sushi definitely DELIVERED. For being pretty far from the water, this sushi was very good and fresh. My husband even tried and LIKED the nigiri he ate. I have been with this man nine years and never has he liked sushi. He EVEN said he would order it himself! Um, THAT is a miracle! hahahah! Going back to the food, I had the salmon & tuna nigiri and the Southlake roll. Out of the three, I definitely think that the salmon was the star. The addition of the lemon slice adds a very fresh finish to the bite of sushi and cleanses the palate. The tuna was also very good but not as good as the salmon and the Southlake roll although good wasn't anything new or innovative. (Just a spicy tuna roll with salmon and avocado on top.) I still ate EVERY bite though. YUM!! I want some more now! hahaahah! :) On to the teriyaki! My husband and I also had the surf and turf teriyaki shrimp and steak. (Well he ordered and I had a few bites! hahahaah!) It was delicious, but a little over sauced for our taste. Next time when ordering I think we will ask for the sauce to be on the side so we can add it ourselves. We substituted the miso soup for clear soup and the clear soup was spot on. Surprisingly we also got some gyoza on our plate that was DELICIOUS and crispy on the outside. All in all delicious, but a bit salty. Nothing some white rice couldn't fix. :) The biggest thing that got my husband is that HIS plate was beautiful. He is so used to my sushi dishes being beautiful but his stuff always looking like it has been thrown together but not at Cowtown Sushi. We are all about the "eating with our eyes" and it definitely tasted as good as it looked.Yay for a good sushi place in the DFW!! :)
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,6/10/2014,98,263,2,5,2>Let's be clear, the FW Museum of Science & History is primarily intended for children. There are numerous "sections" of the museum that are dedicated to various age levels (Imagination Station for older kids to the Children's Museum meant for toddlers). There are some cool activities for adults, but they will likely cost you an extra admission fee. There's the IMAX theater, Planetarium, and whatever traveling exhibit is on-site. Beyond that, I think the adults would have more fun if they brought their kids with them, although there are still some cool areas folks of all ages may enjoy. The dino dig is popular, allowing patrons to become excavators for fossils of all sorts. There are full scale dinosaur skeletons for viewing when you're finished with the dig. The children's museum has several sections- there's a medial station to play doctor, there's a grocery area to shop and checkout. I saw a cool "build your own" train track that looked popular. You can easily spend a couple hours with an interested toddler in the children's museum alone.We paid the extra fee to attend the Indiana Jones archeological exhibit. If you are a fan of the movie series this is a must-see attraction. There are plenty of famous movie props from all four films, including the ark of covenant from Raiders, the stones from Temple, and alien crystal skull from the 4th film. The tour is propelled by a tablet and headphone set that allow you to move through at your leisure and listen/learn about the films and how they tie in to real archeological events or phenomena. This was well worth the extra money to attend and will depart the museum on August 10th.We wound up paying for a basic membership. It was $100 for up to 5 people to gain free entrance to the museum for one year. You also get discounts on other attractions and food (there's a full cafe in the museum that we did not visit). In the end we actually saved about $19 by getting the membership and using the discount to attend the Indiana Jones deal.Overall, this is a fun museum that is very kid focused.It's silly that there are 2 "levels" of membership (basic and MAX)- where the difference is a few extra IMAX tickets and participation in the reciprocal program with other museums and zoos. Why can't the reciprocal program be included in the normal, basic membership like most other places?
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/9/2014,47,115,,4,2>Farina's makes one of my top choices for eating out in Grapevine, especially for lunch.  I find that most of the wineries or places serving wine in Grapevine still have a lot of catching up to do.  I would not go to Farina's for a wine tasting experience of your dreams but they make damn good pizza.When you come, skip the pastas and the sandwiches, get a side house salad and a three or more toppings pizza.  The side house salad comes with field greens, dressed with olives, pepperoni and mozzarella.  It's almost better than the pizza itself.The pizza is thin, crispy and offers toppings like artichoke hearts, bell peppers, prosciutto, feta cheese, kalamata olives, pepperoni, sausage, etc.  I would definitely lean towards the experimental side and definitely try the kalamata olives, prosciutto, and artichoke hearts.  Soooo goood.The pizza and salad wind up being a lot of food but you can take your leftover pizza in  a to go box.  If you're strolling down Main Street, like I was, the smell will enchant everyone passing you by.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,6/8/2014,33,141,7,9,6>Food Trucks are so trendy and popular right now, I recently tried to figure out why. Then the other day I was walking Fred and an Ice Cream Truck pulled into the neighborhood. Suddenly a front door next to me flung open and an 8 year old boy came flying out with the explosive force of Terry Tate Office Linebacker, a dollar rapidly waving in his hand and a giant smile on his face.  Maybe that feeling is why we like food trucks so much.  Tacos are like bomb pops to adults. Meh, probably not. Anyways. SoCal Tacos started as a food truck. I think that really helped them refine the food and set them up well for a restaurant. The food here is really good, period. Then add the fact that it is incredibly affordable, and you've got something pretty special. The fish tacos and shrimp tacos are excellent. The quesadillas have surprisingly large portions (both of my friends discovered one more triangle than they expected). There are several different salsas to be had, including one that is pretty darn spicy. The atmosphere is really laid back which fits in well with the beach house vibe. It doesn't seem like a typical bar, but they do have a bar to hang out at. On Friday nights they have live music, just someone to play cover songs and make for some good entertainment. Really great place, adding some excitement to the Colleyville foodscape.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/7/2014,298,874,,6,4>I challenge anyone to find a better sauerbraten, and for only $10.95 it's one of the best entree deals around. Had I not forgone earlier meals today, in anticipation of, and in preparation for, tonight's dinner, I doubt I could finish it. As a testament to the sauerbraten's greatness, it was ordered by three out of four of us (the same group as last time). Thuy went with the sausage plate for variety, as sharing is always an expectation. The standard order of sauerbraten is served with red cabbage, spaetzle and potato pancakes. You can make substitutions on the sides, but why mess with tradition, and perfection. I literally cleaned my plate. I had to shoo our server away several times as I scraped the last pieces of spaetzle from my plate. For desert we split an order of apple strudel with vanilla ice cream (again). See my previous review for details, but even sharing, we did not finish the order... Mostly due to size, but also since we were so full from our mains. I would hope that by now Little Germany has proved it's staying power and maybe could put a German beer or two on draft. The bottle selection is good, but I'd like to see some German beers rotate through. Lastly a shout out to our server David. This guy was phenomenal. He truly added to the dining experience. Ich danke Ihnen Little Germany!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/6/2014,80,42,,4,3>Friday morning for Breakfast at roughly 9:20am.No wait, quick seating, quick table attention.The place is clean and homey, trendy and comfortable in the booths.Lately we've been a good test of a server's patience and flexibility since we've gone grain free (and white potato free), it's not easy eating breakfast out and not having any grain!  When my husband ordered his omelette, it wasn't on the menu (ham and sausage) she didn't blink an eye at that, but when he asked what he could substitute for the sides (choices are grits or potatoes, and biscuits or pancakes) she definitely made a bewildered face and began racking her brain for options.  Practically the only grain-free alternative is sliced tomatoes.  (No cottage cheese or yogurt?!) You can add fruit as a substitute but it's an additional charge.  Bummer!  He reluctantly ordered sliced tomatoes (he fully intended to give them to me) and pancakes (that made up our daughter's breakfast) and just had the omelette for himself.Awesome thing is, he RAVED about the fluffy, thick omelette!  I tasted it and had a question about the ingredients... Makes me wonder what is in a Chicago-style omelette, and if the omelette itself is grain free. It tasted like there was a type of biscuit flour in it, I'll have to ask next time what they add.I had the veggie Migas with corn tortillas (received flour tortillas at first) and I cleared the plate.  It comes with a mild salsa and makes a fantastic Mexican-style breakfast for those, like me, who aren't big fans of traditional breakfast food!For review's sake, we did try the pancakes and they were a delicious, slightly chewy, vanilla flavored cake with powdered sugar dusted on top.  Practically a dessert.  We may be regretting letting her have only that for breakfast!The flavors were fresh, the food seemed made-to-order. (I can't promise that on the Migas, that might me made daily.). Also, drinks/juices are on the expensive side, but that seems pretty on-par with restaurants serving breakfast these days.  I wish a simple glass of orange juice didn't cost the same as an entire bottle of orange juice at the store.  If it was fresh-squeezed, that may be worth the cost, but not pre made.Would return here when entertaining guests who love breakfast!  An affordable alternative to la Madeline.  For a breakfast place, it may not get any better (unless they offer more grain-free sides).  So yes, I have a few complaints, but we are out of the ordinary, I assume.  I imagine breakfast lovers just adore consuming grains!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/5/2014,57,28,8,7,2>WHAT!? What! WHAT? Ive been working near this place for  7 years and was oblivious to the fact that its awesome on top of awesome!I was feeling all lazy and hungover and needed the grub delivered so I looked up chinese delivery and this popped up first. Pretty strong reviews, lets do it!WOW! The process of ordering the food over the phone at a Chinese place can be a major shyza storm. Nope-not here.  Easy ordering. Super friendly lady. She even made a little small talk. Not all rude and abrupt as per the usual Chinese places.Like another poster I always start with the basics at a new place so I ordered the lemon chicken and made it a meal for $1.50 mo. That means egg roll, soup, rice and a dam chicken wang! It was like hitting the lotto! I love me some chicken wangs. They did not disappoint. A very perfect wang it was!  My chicken was absolutely bangin, perfectly cooked. I almost didnt even have to use the lemon sauce but im glad i did.The wonton soup is delicious. Lovely, luscious chunks of fresh pork meat all afloat up in there.  I also tried the egg drop soup and that was also swell but get the wonton! My son ordered Orange chicken which I have never really tasted a decent orange  chicken. HOLY BALLS!  It was magnificent. He wasnt here yet and I contemplated doing a switcharoo gank on him for that but then I remembered Karma izza B!.  It is fantastic stuff.I also ordered fried dumpling. SUPERB, guys and so is the sauce. Im a humongo sauce whore so this is a very vital part of my life. Their sauces Go hard !!The delivery guy was a super duper sweetheart. Who are these nice and happy people and can we get more of them??? And the food was piping hot when it arrived! I am in love!I dont know about Panda but it was definitely delite-ful! Do IT! You wont regret it.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/4/2014,60,126,1,4,1>Casa Jose is back from the ashes (literally and figuratively) with a place across the street from the old location.  If I remember right, that wooden shack was the first place I ever had tripe.Now it's in a little strip on the southeast corner covered in sports memorabilia.  Mostly old Cowboys stuff.  The bar in the back has an old time kinda feel to it, but it's weird sitting in the kinda sterile white room.  Either way, if you're coming to Daddy Buelo's, you didn't come for atmosphere.You came for anything that might have tortillas with it.You came for tortillas.The tortillas are amazing and just as I remembered from the abandoned grassy lot across the street.  This, in turn, makes the tacos pretty great as well.  It's hard to go wring with anything wrapped in them.  The hot sauce is warm and has nice flavor.  Makes a great dip for the chips and tortillas.The service is usually very friendly, but you're running on their schedule, not your own.  Sometimes they're very quick.  Many times they really aren't.Tortillas.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,6/3/2014,20,173,2,3,1>Great experience... especially for a new location opening up just recently.  I've been wanting to try this place up for a while I seen the nearest location to me is in Mansfield. But decided to wait until this location to open up once I seen it was coming soon. My boyfriend and I sometimes share half and half of things so we decided since we both have never been here to do that.We got a giant ham and salami sub. It was huge.. enough for us to have 2 nice pieces each.. one piece I knew for sure to have for lunch the next day.And the kicker here he loved the Big Kahuna he was in love with it. Next time the jalapenos will not be on there! Too hot for us!A little pricy but well worth it if your looking for good quality meat they shave off in front of you.. and same for provolone cheese.. which is my favorite cheese to have on everything! And I like it here way better than Jimmy John's in my opinion.. and the white bread was just as good!  Try it!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,6/2/2014,36,86,,6,4>If you want a really good burger and a nice cold beer this is the place for you. We come here about once a month and the burgers are some of the best I've had. This little burger joint / sports bar / dive bar is two separate business in one. One side of the place you order you food and the other side is the bar / eating area. I hear you can order food at the bar but I never have.I normally get the Roasted Red Pepper Burger or Fried Portobello Mushroom Burger. My other half normally has the Angry Burger (sometime spicy and other times it will set you on fire). Recently I had the Chicken Fried Burger which, to my surprise, was very very good.The homemade fries are good but nothing to write home about. The onion rings used to be extremely good but they have changed them and now they are below average. The burgers are big enough so split an order of fries they are plenty big enough for two.The bar is a full bar. I normally just get the beer. They have a wide assortment of Craft beers on tap and in bottles.Good food and good beer, what more could you ask for.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,6/1/2014,61,15,,4,2>This is where I go for all my car work. At first, I went for convenience because they were up the road but after a couple visits decided to go here for everything in the future. The Good:-They stand by their work. They fixed something on my last car and it needed to be fixed again. Instead of treating me like it was my fault, they fixed it again with no charge and no complaints. - They work pretty fast. If you get your car there in the morning, you'll be looked at quickly and they'll get back to you about what needs to be done. - They're really nice. At first, the lady (who I think is one of the owners) seems kind of grumpy but she really is polite and nice. She has a dry sense of humor that I appreciate. The bad:- No one likes paying a bunch of money for car repairs and they do charge money for car repairs. No matter what, this sucks. But they're a business and they make my car run so that's ok. Stick with the local guys and go see them. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,5/31/2014,129,254,,2,1>So I had an expired groupon that I could still claim and this weekend was the perfect time to use it.  It was a beautiful sunny day and we were looking forward to eating on their patio (seen in pictures on the Yelp page).  When we arrived, their tables were all packed up outside and the seating inside was less than inviting so we decided to just order to-go.The food was served buffet style by the ladies behind the register and you just put your order in at the counter.  We got the chicken curry and the jerk chicken (medium sized).  They each came with a hefty serving of rice and steamed veggies.  Don't let the "medium" fool you - we got three pieces of chicken plus sides that was more than enough for dinner!The service was good - the Groupon made things complicated but everything came out great and when we got home and tried the food it was out of this world.  I had never tried jerk chicken with that much flavor - it was hands down my favorite of the two but the curry was super tender and had awesome flavor as well.  I wish we could have eaten out on the patio- that is my only complaint.  But when you have good food to bring home, that's what counts.  Check this place out for great Caribbean flavors!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,5/30/2014,113,61,3,5,5>Hollaaaaa, this Dentonite made his way down to THE Velvet Taco.After an the awesome time I had at Yelp's Secret Garden (Thank you to everyone who came, you were all amazing people), the gang and I needed to fuel up before the long haul back to the Dirty D.Kendall had told me how great Velvet Taco was, and damn she was right! Everyone I was rollin' with loaded up on the $2 margs. Hell, the woman who took my order asked if I wanted a margarita before she asked for my name, that's the kinda customer service I like (No sarcasm there!).Tequila isn't my thing, but after a long event of drinking, I needed a drink, so I grabbed a Miller and placed my order. I ended up getting the #3, the Crisp Tikka Chicken, and the #10, the Texas burger. Not sure why I went with the #10, I'm not huge on beef these days, but no less it was great.That #3 though...The perfect level of spice, rice (heh), with that buttered cilantro and pepper sauce. I almost couldn't handle it, it was that good. I wanted to offer some to my gal pal, Kirstin, but I couldn't part from this perfection wrapped in a flour tortilla. Oddly enough the tacos are pretty well kept and I didn't make as much of a mess as I usually do. I may be 22, but I still eat like a child in a high chair. I can imagine this place gets pretty crowded, so don't be surprised if it is, but we got lucky and didn't wait very long. But! out of everything there was to experience, I really liked that there was a massive sink bar outside the bathroom. I didn't need to use the restroom, I just needed to wash my hands! It's as if Velvet Taco has been waiting years for me to come, and they were prepared for my very circumstances.I'll be back, Velvet Taco
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,5/29/2014,71,136,3,9,8>I drive by this building all the time and never knew what it was! Went to a Yelp event here and got to see the inside and learn all about what goes on at the BRIT. The building itself is gorgeous with floor to ceiling windows. Perfect venue for a wedding is what I kept thinking, as you'd have cover for weather, and the botanical gardens next door for guests. Cool place.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,5/28/2014,25,114,,6,3>Came here with a couple friends for a get-together dinner. After reading numerous reviews, I settled on the Sweet Luv'Us Hummus Wrap paired with pasta salad while my 2 other friends chose the Hot Hummus Wrap and Chipotle Quesadilla. I think my expectation for wrap was actually higher than it actually tasted so I was slightly disappointed with my meal choice. However, I thought the Hot Hummus was pretty fantabulous; I esp appreciated the crunch of the mixed nuts and how it was hot pressed.  The pasta salad was also unexpectedly good - I usu HATE olives but the dressing on the salad masked the taste of the olives so well that I just ate them because of the dressing.  The quesadilla was also decent and UNBELIEVABLY cheesy.I'd be open to trying this place more! Granted, it is a little pricier in my book but once in a while, healthy is always good =)
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,5/27/2014,7,54,,4,3>The guys who run this place are very friendly. Kind of cafeteria style system.  Order at counter and then food arrives later except sides which you get right away.  Food was good and pretty inexpensive.  I do wish sides and main came together you eat half of your meal before other half gets there, Byob though.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,5/26/2014,16,47,,5,2>They are great here!  Been to 3 different places around the same area. Stuck with 2 of places hoping they would eventually get the grooming just right. Wanted a great groom with an affordable price which is why I gave Snoopy's Dog House a chance. They listen to EXACTLY how I wanted my pups hair cut and delivered. Dropped him off around eleven, eleven-thirty. They said it would be about 5 when they would call but received the call that he was ready around 230. Very reasonably for a job well done. Thanks Snoopy! Will be coming back one last time before I move out of town.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/25/2014,21,46,,4,3>First time here.  Was impressed with the service first of all.  (Ashton) was on his game never missing a beat and we never had to ask for anything or a refill of a drink.Second, we were given a loaf of bread (sourdough I believe) which was awesome, warm & soft.  Then came our appetizer.  We ordered salads which came quickly, but right after the salads, before we had a chance to really eat them came our dinner.  For some that is great, I would have liked just a little more time between the salad and meal. Our meals were tasty, nice flavor, served hot.  Ashton, was constantly checking in to see if we needed anything, again nothing was overlooked. It is a place we will put on our restaurants to revisit.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/24/2014,50,109,5,4,2>Ok....I have to be honest...my visit here was just what the doctor ordered!  Without sharing too much, the night before I had had lets say...a big night with a lot of wine.  A friend and I then went to the stockyards and I walked around in a zombie state for quite a while.  Then along came the Cowtown Winery.  It really is true, the hair of the dog is what you need.  I ordered a flight and felt human again...ok...enough about my bad decisions.....Very chic, very friendly, very quaint and a very fun experience.  The selections were great and unique to the shop.  Our server shared that all the grapes come from CA, but they are processed, fermented, barreled and bottled in house.  So they are unique to the Cowtown Winery.  The flight option of 3 for $6 is a great way to get started.  I absolutely loved the "Ghost Wine".  "The Red Bandit" was delicious as well.  They offer small bites with cheese plates and chocolate pairings.  The live musician outside played  soft classical guitar, which was a nice change from the country twang soaked sound waves of the neighboring establishments.  I recommend this to all visitors and residents.  I will go back, but hopefully with a better physical state than when I first went in.  :)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/23/2014,38,78,2,9,2>Okonomiyaki, Sukiyaki, and Shabu Shabu - Oh My:)My wife and I decided to try a different restaurant in the H-Mart megalopolis. I heard good things about Abe, so that's where we went; I am so glad we did.The place is very cozy, has an Asian style with both a modern and eclectic look; it's actually quite unique. There is also a nautical feel to the place as well with many classic hard back books from "Treasure Island" to the "Old man and the Sea" scattered throughout the restaurant.The first thing my wife and I noticed on the menu was Okonomiyaki. Immediately my mind whisked back to 1991 watching Ranma 1/2. One of my favorite characters from the show is Ukyo Kuonji; she and her father ran an Okonomiyaki establishment and I always wondered what those tasted like. I've been to many Japanese restaurants in my time, and somehow Okonomiyaki has always eluded me but not this time;) Needless to say, we liked it very much.We tried all kinds of delightful items on the menu, our favorites being the Ahi Tower and the delicious Shabu Shabu. Ahh, it was like being in Taiwan sharing a pot of Shabu Shabu with my wife and friends. One caveat however, they don't have the kind of options you normally see at a Shabu Shabu restaurant. What they do have is absolutely delightful, at least for my needs.Lastly, but certainly not least, the service was as outstanding as the food. Our waitress kept a smile and was very attentive in answering questions we had about the menu. She also deconstructed our Ahi Tower which was a first for me but definitely the way it's meant to be devoured.All in all, we had a wonderful dining experience at Abe, and we'll most certainly return.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/22/2014,37,48,,4,4>Once upon a time, I visited the Londoner with my friend Sharolyn, on a Saturday night.  It's a quick drive to this little place.  ATMOSPHERE:The place is what I would picture a pub to look like.  You walk in and the walls are red and the lighting is dim.  It feels like you stepped into London.  My friend and I sat at the bar and met the bartender Tim.  He introduced himself, which I really like.  I got a cider beer to start.  My friend had a black velvet.  It is a light beer topped with a dark beer.  I tried it and it was delish.  The place was rather packed, but no one had to wait long for a beverage or a dish.  There are lots of interesting pictures on the wall and there are several TVs on the wall.  The bathroom is roomy and there is a toilet seat on the wall so you know you are in the right place.  We also met Michael Caine at the bar while we were there.  FOOD:I was super happy to see Scotch eggs on the menu.  My friend Bari's mum makes the best scotch eggs in the world.  She is truly British and sometimes I am hesitant to try anyone else's.  We started with Chips and Curry, which for you means hand cut fries with a curry aoili sauce and a warm pineapple curry sauce.  I preferred the aoili sauce.  It had a little kick but an interesting flavor which was like heaven.  We had a few more beers and talked with Michael Caine.  We then got a little bit of food.  I had the Mini-Me Sliders, the chicken and brie.  They were small and blasting with flavor.  I do love a good cheese like brie.  It came with 3 mini sliders.  Just enough.  My friend got the tomato sauce.  It was rather salty.  When I say salty, I mean like a deer salt lick.  Someone might have over salted it but I would try it again.  I don't care for tomato soup, but I do try things, because you never know when you might change your mind or your palate changes.  OVERALL:The place is priced pretty reasonably.  The food is good, and the wait staff is super friendly and funny. They were working hard.  You should try this place out!!!The End.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/21/2014,304,121,2,7,4>It was a perfect day to sit outside for some good food and drinks. When we arrived we were greeted by Cori who told us it would be a short wait for a seat. We got some drinks at the bar while we waited and the Texas Grapefruit bellini was outstanding!  Once seated outside we decided we wanted to taste the menu and ordered a kids French Toast, Mac N Cheese, Fried Chicken and the Chorizo Relleno and a Chocolate Mouse to-go. As we waited for our meal we just enjoyed being outside with our drinks and some amazing weather. As we continued to wait we figured the delay was due to our fried chicken order. A little later Cori came out to apologize for the delay and told us she had forgotten to place our order in the system and was terribly sorry for the mistake and assured us it was in the works. I must say, the ownership Cori took to admit this mistake speaks volumes to the quality of staff and service this place provides. Without our asking, Cori had her manager bring our food out and ask if there was anything else they could do for us. We told him how happy we were to have a waitress like Cori who would admit her mistakes and not blame the kitchen; which I think we have all heard before. Every restaurant is going to make a mistake, but taking ownership for that mistake and making it right is what matters most. The food came out hot and was spot on! The Relleno was by far the best thing we had. You will have to request the Chipotle Honey for the fried chicken as its by request only and outstanding! I will have to visit again and hit some more wine specials. Great spot!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/20/2014,113,147,,8,5>I had a wonderful dining experience all around with Chaz as my bartender and waiter. I really appreciated his guidance and introductions to the drink menu and the food menu. He asked me a few questions about my tastes, then offered some menus suggestions that were really suited to me. For example, I was immediately drawn to the bourbon-cobbler concoction, but he warned me that it would be super sweet and better paired with dessert. He suggested the American Gothic which is akin to an Old Fashioned, and I loved it, dearly. Watching him make the drink and fuss over the tiniest details was really charming and worth the $11 price tag. (x2 because it was so perfectly balanced and comforting. I felt like Don Draper. He also explained the menu to me, but I wasn't sure what I wanted until I watched the burger and fries pass by to another table. Grass-fed beef, house-made condiments (spicy mustard, ancho-chile ketchup, creamy mayo), plus incredibly crispy and fluffy French fries. I stuffed myself. And I was so glad that I had abandoned my terrible taco dinner down the street for something far more worthy and divine.Of course, I gladly accepted his dessert recommendation: icebox cake with peanut butter and chocolate and raspberries.I spent $50 on myself, but I had so much fun sitting at the bar and savoring my meal.To further extend my compliments, I need to tell you how cool the digs are--the place is so nice and spacious and contemporary. The music playlist spanned every decade since the sixties, and I could tell that the songs were all full of good vibes because all the waitstaff were jamming and enjoying each other. It was also the perfect volume--low, but audible. I heard a Shovels and Rope song and thought I'd died and gone to heaven. While I was at the bar, not one but two, liquor salespeople stopped in to peddle their wares. I learned that AF+B has a manager whose sole responsibility are the liquors, beers, drinks, and bartenders. I watched as they all sampled incoming tequilas and bourbons so as to understand the complexities in flavor profiles.Seriously, neat. And worth every dime ;)
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/19/2014,26,111,,5,3>This is an old school biker bar.  You never know who you'll meet!  Beer only served by good looking friendly women with the best personalities on Belknap.  I've seen some good bands here during the summer.  Don't park in the lot in front of the building, it's reserved for the bikes.  Weather permitting you should stop here, get a cold one, sit outside and watch the beautiful bikes come in and go out.  You'll laugh and enjoy yourself entirely, especially if you love a good dive bar.  Don't be scared!  Go!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/18/2014,23,102,,3,2>My wife and I heard about this spot and it's near home,so gave it a try.Doesn't look too special from the outside or the inside either for that matter.But after some menu reading we discovered in the back of the restaurant they have hibachi grills.We moved to a grill and made our decisions,chicken and scallops for me,steak and shrimp for her.We waited a few mins for the "chef" to finish with other patrons.Our chef was quite skilled with his props and had a good sense of humor.Flirting a lil with my wife,,who seemed to enjoy the attention,hehe.The food came out very good,maybe a lil too much soy sauce but that could just be me.Rice was great,service was great and all at a reasonable price.Didn't try the sushi,maybe next time,,
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,5/17/2014,75,237,,4,2>In short: Zeke's blew me away.I had read about it, saw groupons for it, saw advertisements and never really made an attempt to try it out but my husband wanted to try something new so bought a groupon and decided to try it out.We walked in and looked over the menu at the counter. I was more distracted with the cooks breading, battering, and frying huge slabs of fish. Anyways, when i could tear my eyes away from the fishes being fried i noticed that they had an appetizer of clam strips (my absolute favorite!). I decided on a 5 piece order of chicken strips and my husband got the cod special which was two pieces of cod, fries, and hushpuppies. All I can say is O-M-G. This place isnt pretty, the staff arent there to be your best friend but that food was freaking amazing. The clamstrips were fantastic, the cod was beautifully fried and crispy, and the hushpuppies had a nice spice from the jalapenos. Nothing was overly greasy and everything came out piping hot.This place has seriously landed on our rotation on restaurants
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,5/16/2014,113,594,,4,2>I came here for brunch one fine Sunday morning and was pleasantly surprised once we got our seats and looked at the menu.  $2 Bloody Mary's, mimosa, and screw drivers. I got the Texas omelet, which solved my hangriness, (new word folks, HANGRINES - when you are so hungry you are angry, mean, and/or onry.) and cured the tail ends of my hangover from the night before.  They've got a nice little covered patio that is great when the weather is nice and misters for when it's just hotter than hell as it often is here in Texas.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/15/2014,3,17,,7,3>I'm ready to review! Today was my 6th meal and I've officially had brunch, lunch, dinner, and coffee here. I love this place and would have been more frequently if the Mr. Didn't like it for reasons his alien planet didn't prepare him for. I've brought out-of-towners here and THEY even love it. Eating here is like eating in an Anthropologie. Just as cute and comfortable as your best comfy sweater. The food is wonderful. The only thing I've had that wasn't good was the biscuits at brunch. Hard and weird. Everything else I have ever had was wonderful.  I like the focus on Texas beers and wines. You can buy growlers to take home your favorite beers and bring back to refill later. How fantastic is that? I'll keep coming back but have to work on the complaints from the Mr. Slow service..... With food as great as this, just relax.... It's worth the wait!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,5/14/2014,20,128,,3,2>Happy to learn that their finally is a good Pho place close by work. First off the Pho noodles with meatballs was very good. Meatballs was good and the broth was amazing. Next time I come in I will try another dish or just get Pho again but with brisket. Staff was very nice but uneducated about Vietnam food. I asked the kid behind the counter about how good the meatballs was and he said he did not like it and it was too chewy. Duh!!! The meatballs in the pho is supposed to be chewy. I think he should have stated this in a different manner otherwise customers unaware of Pho meatballs will avoid that dish. In some cases customers may not come back so the owner really needs to educate these kids that work at the registers to not make negative comments about the menu items. I recommend this place and be sure to try the boba tea!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/13/2014,111,121,4,6,4>This review is for Breakfast only.Given that my girl is somewhat addicted to Mexican food (who in their right mind could deny its awesomeness), we tried out Enchiladas Ole for breakfast one weekend. While it is a small restaurant (maybe 10 - 12 tables), Enchiladas Ole has a bright cheerful charm to its decor. Plus, the service is outstanding...don't be surprised if Mrs. Perez herself (the owner) comes out to talk to you, or to give you a small pot of freshly made green enchilada sauce to try (if you've never had fresh, hot enchilada sauce, you haven't lived). The Moose-eyed breakfast platter was absolutely delicious. Two overeasy eggs on top of two cheesy, red-saucy enchiladas and chorizo (crumbled) with a quarter plate of refried beans, a quarter plate of fried potatoes (papas), some pico de gallo and a few slices of pineapple. After eating around 1/2 of the plate, I was ready for a nap!My girl had the breakfast taco with the chorizo, papas and cheese and some fruit, and it was remarkably huge. She definitely enjoyed it.Great restaurant, I'm sure I'll be back to try some of the other dishes!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/12/2014,1,36,,3,1>What a great place!  Hot fresh homemade bagels!!  Most places these days have machine made pre boiled bagels, not this place they are dipping and baking right in front of you.  The results is a bagel with amazing texture!I had a bagel egg sandwich, Lox sandwich, and kolaches they were all great!  Not even sure which my favorite was....To top off great food they had friendly service, the owner even introduced herself to me while I was checking out.I can't wait to try lunch!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,5/11/2014,55,196,,4,2>We finally made it over to Crickle's & Co. for breakfast this past Saturday and really liked it a lot.  They serve breakfast Monday through Friday from 7:00 until 11:00 a.m. and 8:00 until 11:00 a.m. on Saturday.  I ordered a taco basket, which comes with 2 tacos and skillet potatoes.  I choose the New Yorkers breakfast tacos (see pic) which came with eggs, bacon, sausage, ham and cheddar cheese ($8.49) and they let me mix my tacos so instead of getting 2 of the same kind, I also got to try a California Taco.  The New Yorker tacos were delicious, but the California tacos might have been even better with eggs, turkey bacon, baby spinach, avocado, caramelized onion, sun dried tomato and feta cheese...Wow!!  My wife ordered the Texas Egg Sandwich (see pic)  which was loaded with eggs, sausage, jalapenos and cheese...she let me have a bite and it was delicious.  We started our meal with a gourmet chocolate cupcake filled with salted caramel (see pic). It was one of the best cupcakes I've ever had.  Although they serve breakfast everyday (except Sunday), they seem to really specialize in baked good and desserts.  The restaurant is very nicely decorated and the ambiance immediately put me at ease.  The employee who took our order was very helpful and seemed happy to help us.  We didn't get to meet the owner, but we met her parents who told us their daughter used to be the Chef at the French Room and Craft in Dallas.  The restaurant seems to be serving top notch food along with excellent service.  I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  Oh yeah, their coffee was also wonderful.  They carry Parks Coffee, which is a Carrollton, TX company.  I liked the coffee so much that I purchased a bag of their Eiffel Tower coffee beans for $15.  This is a great new Denton breakfast spot.  Food-5 stars, Ambiance-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value-5 stars.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/10/2014,28,92,,3,2>This place was crazy busy, but I guess that happens on a Saturday night. The margaritas are very well made and to me best on the rocks. The sangria is decent but i prefer mine with more fresh fruit and not from a bottled mix. A friend and I ordered the fajitas and the Benito plate. The fajitas (beef) were cooked to perfection and had great flavor. The Benito plate is a great way to try a little of the basics ( chile relleno with cheese, chicken enchilada, and a tamale), I really enjoyed the chile relleno tons of cheese and the breaking is light and crispy. The enchiladas are rolled fresh, I prefer the baked style but these had a good flavor so I didn't mind. The tamale was moist and stuffed full if pork. Sounds strange but the beans are AMAZING! All in all the service is pretty good even on a crazy Saturday night, but call ahead or prepare to wait at least 30 min. The reason for the 4 and not 5 star is due to the prices. It's just a little pricey for it being Mexican food. Will return!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,5/9/2014,0,14,1,7,3>I stopped in after hearing about this place from the local Hawaiian sundries store down the road, Shop Aloha.  My daughter and I decided to check out what kind of local grindz (Hawaii pidgin for food) they offered.  We are originally from Oahu and moved to the mainland about 10 years ago.  Before we found out about Foni's we were traveling all the way from Keller to Plano to stop in at the L&L.  This place is much closer and the food is on par with what L&L serves, with just a bit more Tongan flair.  The service was definitely filled with lots of aloha, the owner? Anna was very gracious and we talked story while she prepared the food we ordered. We decided to try the BBQ beef plate and the BBQ chicken plate.  The orders were HUGE.  The typical order comes with rice, meat, green salad and mac salad.  We opted to get double mac salad, meat and rice. Eh, why fill up on lettuce? Life's too short! :) For the BBQ beef plate, it was massive.  It is similar to BBQ teri beef, for those of you who are familiar with Hawaiian plate lunches.  The BBQ was sliced thin and marinated in a teriyaki sauce, served over white rice.  Pretty yummy.The BBQ chicken plate was a little different than Hawaii fair.  Typically the chicken used in Hawaiian plate lunches are chicken thighs but the meat used in this BBQ chicken plate was the chicken breast.  It was marinated in the same teriyaki sauce the beef had and still overall very delicious. I would visit again, if only to try the other dishes offered but I definitely would go back for the BBQ plate lunches.  Oh, and the loco moco looked ono (Hawaii pidgin for yummy).
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,5/8/2014,15,28,2,10,6>yum! yum! yum! Hubby and I came here based on the yelp reviews, and I'm glad we did! We started off with the lumpia, which was good. I have Filipino friends who have made me home made lumpia that is a little different, but these were just as good! We also shared the teri pork and pancit bihon. We knew this place was going to be good when our picky (seriously, he is the pickiest little eater ever!) toddler was grubbing on the teri pork! he really liked it! The pancit bihon came with pork, chicken, and little shrimp. Again, I've had some really good home made pancit bihon and this one was a little different tasting, but still good! The only thing I didn't like about this pancit bihon were the chunks of pork fat that I had to move off to the side (it really wasn't that much, but enough for me to notice) and it was quite a bit of oil on the bottom of the plate, but other then that, it was still very good! The portions are huge (family style) and they are generous with the rice too...it's a great place for a small family to go and share a meal and come out satisfied! We plan on making more visits in the future to try out their other menu items! Can't wait to go back!  I'm glad we finally found a good Asian place to dine at in the  Keller area!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/7/2014,42,63,1,5,3>We came for the lunch buffet. Great deal for $7 cash!A few things that I really liked was the spicy meatball soup, the spicy beef salad, panang curry with chicken (tofu also available). The curry type changes daily. Their Tom Kha soup has beansprouts and is less thick, with less coconut than traditional Tom Kha, but I think it actually tastes better like this. Actually, it reminds me of a Tom Kha/Tom Yum mix.I tried at least a little bit of everything on the buffet and the only thing I didn't really like was the pad thai, which was too sweet for me. The black rice dessert with coconut is addicting. The portions sitting out in the buffet is quite small so it stays fresh. They continuously refill as things run out though, but sometimes you will have to wait a couple minutes for them to bring out
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,5/6/2014,9,100,1,8,5>What a wonderful addition to Fort Worth. I think this will become our staple during the hot summer season. We had the Berry Basil and the Chocolate flavor that is made with chocolates from Dude, Sweet Chocolate.  Both were wonderful especially in a waffle cone. The Sweet Bees which is made with a blend of lavender and honey was great too. We loved all the three flavors that we tried. It was a perfect blend of ingredients and definitely not too sweet. We can't wait to go back and try more flavors. You can also buy a pint home for $8.  Tip: There's very limited parking in the parking lot.  I think about 5 spaces only, but you can park on the side street.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,5/5/2014,5,31,1,5,3>This is a Fort Worth gem. It has a cozy atmosphere with friendly service. The pecan crusted goat cheese stuffed chicken breast is a must try and my friend loved his pork loin.  The goat cheese tart with pesto crusted toast is excellent. The crab cake is so so. For a nice, rich ending get the white chocolate bread pudding. The warm fireplace on this cold night made it extra special.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/4/2014,147,187,1,7,4>I had the pleasure of dining with a couple of other Yelpers on a beautiful Saturday morning. We got there around 11:45 for brunch and by 12:30, the patio was full. It's shaded really nicely, misters when it's hotter, and a great view of the new Sundance Square. We had carafes of white sangria, the bloody mary and cups of coffee. Everyone raved about the coffee and both carafe drinks were delicious. There are many accoutrements that come with the bloody mary, including bacon!!! We had a lot of benedicts on the table, a french toast, lamb burger, classic burger and chicken fried steak. All were delicious dishes. Service was a bit slow to start, but it wasn't a bother given the weather and the fact I had nothing else better to do that day. But once we got going, we had wonderful service from everyone, including management. I would come back for the patio or for a casual date.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,5/3/2014,30,171,,4,3>I recently visited Salsa Limon as I'd heard good things about this restaurant, who started out as a food truck and expanded into a fixed location.  I ate lunch there on a Saturday.  The first thing I noticed was the outdoor seating that is available and perfect for the weather that day - it was a warm winter day and the sun was shining. Inside the restaurant there are a few tables as well as counter seating.  The restaurant is small and the kitchen is open for view - all the cooks and people behind the counter were working hard to get food out.The menu offers a variety of meats that can be ordered in the form of tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and a few other options.  I opted for two different meat tacos - they were both delicious.  The tacos are "street style" and are served on two corn tortillas with cabbage and cilantro - it was perfectly simple.  There are a variety of salsas available as well, ranging from mild to extra spicy. The restaurant offers a selection of beers as well as fountain drinks as beverages. I enjoyed my lunch and look forward to dining there again in the future.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/2/2014,21,86,,7,3>My birthday was in January, and though I'm getting too old to have fun parties (wait, when did that happen?), my parents are always good to treat me to a nice dinner out on the town. And this year, it was a visit to The Capital Grille in downtown Fort Worth.From the moment we arrived, we were taken well taken care of. We were promptly seated in a cozy booth where they had sprinkled sparkly confetti on the table in honor of yours truly. Our server, Chris(topher) Parnell appeared quickly to offer me a long-stemmed rose (which, by the way, lasted a solid week at home in water), and to take our drink order. The servers here are for more than merely order-taking and delivery; rather, they are knowledgeable about everything on the menu and - at least in Chris' case - fluent in mixology. When I ordered my standard Old Fashioned, I was asked something I'd never heard: Dry, Sweet, or.. I can't remember the third. While this may be a bit pretentious, I found it interesting and just right for the experience.Though the lighting was a bit dim to comfortably read the menu, it's hard to argue with the ambiance. We were successful in ordering, trying  a couple appetizers first. The lobster crab cakes are a must-try; I'd say about 95% meat, very little filling, and simply delicious - best I've ever had. The french onion soup my mother had was also probably the best I've ever had. Oh, and I failed to mention their selection of breads and rolls which was a refreshing change from the norm what with warm and soft pumpernickel slices, onion rolls, and sourdough. Our entrees didn't disappoint either. My dad had the bone-in rib eye, which was tender as can be and full of flavor. My mother tried the tenderloin, and though I hate to sound like a broken record... best I've ever tasted. Finally, I had the grilled ahi tuna. Used to this coming out in tidy little seared slices, instead I was presented with a large steak, perfectly seared. The tuna cut like butter and tasted wonderful. And, to ensure that we got our veggies (entrees are a la carte), I ordered us the green beans, which came sauteed/grilled with cherry tomatoes and roasted garlic. I couldn't get enough.We opted out of dessert because - as it was my birthday - Chris brought us a trio of desserts - the perfect sampling to end an evening of fine dining. Truly a great experience. The only word of caution: you get what you pay for. Just like everything was among the best I've ever had, the price point was equally 'high' quality: not for the light wallet, even with a $75 gift card. Worth it once in a blue moon if you can afford it, but be forewarned, it's not cheap.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/1/2014,82,19,,3,2>There's snow other place I'd rather go for perfectly shaven ice, nearly infinitely many different flavor combinations, and ice cream to compliment it!Like most places like this, it is CASH ONLY, so make sure your trip to Bedford isn't short lived, but the memorable experiences here with friends are worth the 15-20 minute drives we make up here! Their times vary seasonally and aren't in operation during the winter, so don't be afraid to call them first before you come!This place has been around nearly 40 years now and although their snowcones are amazingness and cool, that can probably be accredited to the contrast of how warming the staff is! The lady always remembers us and is more than helpful in recommending new flavors based on what what you like, while also allowing you to sample them too, so don't forget to thank them! :)If you like fruity flavors, the berry best that I'd recommend are:Berry Berry Berry (personal fave!), Tie Dye, and Blueberry Avalanche. (Ice cream is a MUST!), but gummy bears if you're a cool kid!If you like more tangy flavors:Sweet Tart, Witch's Brew, and Sour Power.And some of my friends' favorites are: Hawaiian Sunset, Fuzzy Rita, and Tiger's Blood, but be adventurous and try new flavors!Usually a medium ($1.50) or large ($2.00) is a pretty decent size, especially if you get ice cream on the bottom ($1.00 extra, but totally worth it.)Overall, definitely worth the drive if you have to make it! There's a few large picnic type tables for you if you come with a group of 8-10 but there's also some benches. They have a drive-through window, but I think most of the time, waiting in line (which sometimes requires up to a 15-20 minute wait since high school students love this place), but it's a nice place to relive your childhood in tasty frozen treats!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/30/2014,103,100,4,9,6>I did not want to like The Brass Tap. That's a good place to start."Nope--chain", I said. "I will not cheat on the Flying Saucer, where I cut my bar teeth", I said. "Their logo is even kind of boring", I said.Let's be honest though. The Flying Saucer (praise be unto it) is not the place it used to be. It's still great, but it's different. And a lot of us have been looking to fill that void. You know who you are.Does this do that? Well, not completely. But here's what I liked:* Non-smoking (!!!)* 60 taps, 200+ Bottles of beer on the wall. * Beer and wine only, which means no liquor, which means it's going to be a beer-drinking beer crowd of beer people who like beer.* Beer and wine only means...they do growler sales. 60 well-curated taps -- think about the possibilities.* Beer and wine only also means....you can take bottles and cans (clap your hands) home, at a 25% discount. Also think about what this means for downtown street events where they only sell you Wine-aritas, BL, Coors, Miller, and XX at stupidly inflated prices. And their servers were quite knowledgeable about everything they were selling, which is usually hit-or-miss for a place that just opened up. They seem to have done a fine job training their staff, or at least made an effort to hire people that knew their stuff to begin with. On the negative side: I'm pretty sure my ticket when I tabbed out didn't match the prices on their list that they give you to order from. So watch out for that. Also, they have kind of an arbitrary rule that once a beer is over a certain ABV percentage, it's automatically a half-pour. Seems weird to me, but I can live with it.A really solid place though, especially for one that just opened up.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,4/29/2014,52,84,2,7,4>I saw Panther Island rocking from Main Street and the nearby Tarrant County College campus a few times, but I didn't get a close look until this last year's Dia De Los Toadies festival. It's a great space:-  Plenty of parking available for $5, and getting in and out was easy and painless.-  There's a great variety of spots to settle into, depending on what you're there for. We came in on a hot and muggy day, and it was super relaxing laying out on the river bank in the shade, listening to music, and watching people tube.-  If you're not the lay-in-the-shade-and-watch-people-tube type, there's a huge open field for seats or walking around, plenty of tents set up, a hill made for blankets and spreading out and an area for food trucks. Two stages if you want to get right up to the music. Seriously, something for everyone.I'm tempted to dock one star because a few hours into the evening, the bathrooms were a mess... still, I'm definitely looking forward to heading back to Panther Island once the weather warms up. How can walking around with the sun on your face and a beer in your hand not be fun?
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,4/28/2014,35,119,3,7,5>Gourmet no. Good home cooking yes. If you like fried chicken, chicken tenders, chicken fried steak, fried cat fish and/or smoked roasted chicken, you'll get your fill at Babe's. If you don't like these entrees, don't go, because they don't have anything else.The Arlington restaurant is more cozy than the one on Cedar Hill and not so loud. You get all the salad, biscuits, gravy, beans and cream corn that you can eat. Go light on the sides because the meat portions are gigantic. That can be difficult, because the biscuits are especially good. If you like jam or jelly, bring your own, because the only have honey or syrup.  It's BYOB if your inclined to have beer or wine with your meal and that saves a buck. Also, the price is right, you will be pleasantly surprised when the check comes. The servers try their best to be helpful and pleasant, but understand this is family style dining, so don't expect special service. This is a great place for a group, but not for intimate dining. The desserts look great, but honestly, we never had room and I never remember seeing anyone else order any either. It is a fun evening and you will leave satisfied.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,4/27/2014,56,42,5,10,8>My fiance and I were on another adventure for real authentic Chicago style food. Danny's Pizza, a small hole in the wall in Arlington, served as our most recent destination. I wasn't too sure about the place as I'd visited the area many times and hadn't heard about it. Couple that with few reviews and a hard to spot sign and you've found yourself a bit apprehensive. But I'm happy to say, Danny's knocked it out of the park.The FoodMy fiance and I ordered two Chicago Style Hot Dogs, one Meatball Sub and one regular hotdog with pickles and ketchup. Their Chicago Style Hot Dogs were some of the best I've ever had. And the Meatball Sub was incredibly generous in portion. It packed quite a bit of flavor but due to the size, I could only make it through half of the sub unless I wanted to miss out on the Chicago Style Dog.The SceneryThis place is very much your typical hole in the wall kind of joint. I don't say that as if it's a bad thing. Some of the best food I've ever had has come from places much like this. The walls are covered in Chicago memorabilia. Whether it's posters of the Sox, Cubs, Bulls, Bears or Blackhawks, you're going to have no choice but to take notice of the Chicago faithful. My fiance, being from Chicago, absolutely loved it. As a sports fan, I took a liking to it myself. The ServiceWe got to talk a little bit with the owner and he told us about how his family has owned the restaurant for quite some time. They're from Chicago, so it only makes sense as to why you'll experience what you do at Danny's. The other man helping out the owner was really nice too. He made sure my fiance didn't get into her pickles and ketchup hotdog without running back over to the bar for a full ketchup bottle. There were kids in the restaurant that belonged to one of the employees and they made a habit of telling people "Hi" and "Bye" when they arrived or left. All in all, some people might be a bit skeptical upon pulling into the parking lot of Danny's. But I can assure you if you'll just walk through the front door, you'll be in for a special Chicago treat.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,4/26/2014,29,32,2,7,2>From Across the Pond was a bit of a random find.  Before we moved to Texas, I did an internet search for "Gluten Free Fish and Chips" near our new hometown (my wife has celiac's disease).  and they popped up.  I promptly forgot all about it until months later when we were looking for gluten free pizza.  And their name popped up again.  We made a quick stop in one weekday evening and were really unimpressed, pretty much to the point of not wanting to go back.  This weekend, though, my wife had a pizza craving so we decided to give it another shot - and I'm really glad we did.  I don't know if the first time we were there was a bad night for them but our lunch this weekend was great.The owner came by, greeted us, explained the menu when we had questions and served our table.  We decided to split a two-topping gluten free pizza (sausage and mushroom for the curious) and were amazed at the quality.  Most places I've gone to have a very thin, almost cracker-consistency crust; the dough here was fluffy, with a good crust and a light texture.Everything in the restaurant was clean and welcoming.  It's not a fancy place  - it's located in a shopping strip on a major road - but you don't really need a terribly fancy interior to enjoy British Pub food and pizza.  I completely recommend the food to anyone who needs to eat gluten-free or who just wants to have a nice, enjoyable meal with a pleasant chat from the staff.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,4/25/2014,103,46,2,5,3>Rolls are good, fresh. We had rainbow roll, spider roll, and california. We ended up ordering a second rainbow roll. Service is good, prompt. But we were one of two tables being served. The rolls suited our style well since we like our rolls basic. A lot of restaurants these days are adding so much sauce, it takes away from the simplicity of a sushi roll -- so this is a good choice. Minimal sauce and just an overall good simple roll. (Since it's simple, prices are a tad lower too. You get what you pay for here.) I had to take away a star for ambiance and setting. The lighting is so low, small, and it's dark. The place doesnt seem so clean-- just old and outdated. Location is okay.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,4/24/2014,356,554,2,12,7>We came here for the lunch buffet which is $12.95/person.  I really like the interior here.  It was really clean and the decor was cute.  There were a variety of sushi rolls in the buffet line.  I am limited to the ones without avocado which weren't that many.  I was able to try the crunch roll which was fantastic.  There was also a roll with shrimp in it and it was really good.  The sushi rolls here are really fresh.  I did have some of their Blazin Nikko Chicken.  It was really tasty but a little on the dry side.   Great buffet for the price!  Everything I tried was really good.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,4/23/2014,546,102,1,16,6>What a great place to try some game food. My wife and I ate here and were very happy with what we got. We had the sampler appetizer, consisting of frog legs, quail leg, calamari, elk tacos and fried oysters, for $20. GREAT DEAL AND DELISH!Our main was a pecan crusted redfish cooked perfectly.  The atmosphere was great. Big sign upon entering says to silence all cell phones, YES!!!! Our server was a wonderful young lady with great suggestions. Put this place on your list of places to try, and enjoy!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,4/22/2014,21,66,1,5,3>The Bluebonnet Cafe stands head and shoulders over every other option in Fort Worth. I am a regular here, averaging one visit per month over the past 4 years. The Bluebonnet Breakfast is the best item on the menu. It is their sampler platter, and the three eggs it comes with are always cooked perfectly. Menu price $5.75.I have also had the pecan waffles, which I think are unique to Texas. They are excellent. Menu price $4.75.Today I selected the Denver Omlette, which is my favorite type- ham, cheese, onions, and green peppers. Also an excellent meal, and only $6.75.This place has excellent GRITS, which reminds me of my time in North Carolina.They are famous for their biscuits, which are excellent, and as big as a softball. Although they are amazing, they are too big for me to handle. Skip lunch here. The lunch offerings are sadly average. Head to Earl's or Mama Mia nearby.The service here is always friendly and prompt. The restaurant is almost always filled. The objects covering the walls are fun, and a great way to entertain my children before the food arrives. Please check this place out next time you are in the eastern half of our great city!(Rated 5* because the overall rating is far too low)
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/21/2014,17,76,,5,2>I read about this place on Yelp and I decided to give it a try.I ordered the Chargrilled Sliced Pork Banh Mi with fries and a Thai Tea.This was my first time trying a bahn mi and it did not disappoint. The pork tasted absolutely wonderful! It was flavorfull and fresh. The sour radish, carrot, onion, cucumer, jalapeno & cilantro were fresh as well. The fries were served hot. Overall the whole meal was a great experience.I also orderd a Thai Tea and it was good. It was more of a slush than I was used to, but still tasty.I will definitely be back to try the pho & their Italian menu and will update my review then.Just a tip! There is a bit of a wait time, which I didn't mind. If I have to wait for fresh, hot food, then that is fine with me. However, if you don't want to wait, call ahead. Also, if you are a student, show your ID and you get 10% off your [$5 minimum] order if you call ahead & pick it up or dine in. I definitely will use my ID for future orders!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,4/20/2014,399,374,,4,2>Awesome place! As someone who was "born and raised" in Fort Worth, the Fort Worth Botanic Gardens are very much a part of my life. They're beautifully maintained and manicured. For our visit we were attending "Concerts in the Gardens", specifically the Big Band concert with the Pummill Sisters.You couldn't have a more perfect setting for an outdoor concert! It just doesn't get much better than this! It's as good as it gets!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/19/2014,44,63,4,4,2>McKinley's is a little odd for me, because i'm a guy, but it's still kind of cool, let me explain. The food is really great, as in amazing baked goods, a great breakfast menu and some decent lunch options, but there's something else about this place. It's kind of...how to say it...pastel. The primary clientele of McKinley's is women. I say this because every time I have gone in I have probably been the only guy in there, other than the guy behind the counter. However, a primarily female customer base is never a bad thing, so please don't think that's what I'm saying. The atmosphere inside is soft, and inviting, the colors are pastel and remind me of Necco wafers. The music, if there is any, is unobtrusive and gentile. McKinley's is a place that feels like a spa almost, but instead of massages and saunas they have cinnamon buns and amazing cookies. This place is like a sugary urban oasis, and that's something unique. It's a place where you can find college students from nearby TCU, or Executives from downtown. Everyone is welcome here. McKinley's calls themselves a fine bakery, and that's exactly right. They make fine baked goods and when they run out of something for the day, that's it, no more until tomorrow. This means that whatever you buy there is going to be made fresh with great ingredients. Add to this high quality, a seating area that feels like a mature version of a tea party and you have a nice quiet relaxing place to enjoy yourself.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,4/18/2014,135,233,,6,2>Go on Tuesdays for half-off all burgers. Half-pound burgers for half the price, say what...After more than two years of going to this place, i think i've tried all of them burgers and they're all fine and dandy. I still prefer the #1 (Dutch's) because of the simplicity, but the Lineman (double meat with grilled onions and bacon) and BBQ & Bacon are good too. Even the non-beef burgers like the Chicken sandwich and the Portabello mushroom burger are substantial and tasty, too. The weakest one would probably be the Chili Cheese burger because the chili tastes like one of those chilis out of a can.The staff is friendly and deal well with the constantly large crowds.I can't say anything about the rest of the menu because all I eat are their burgers, but I'm sure they're good, too. And the onion rings are amazing (thick-cut and unusually not overly crispy), as always.FYI : Parking can be a pain on certain days. Since there are other food places next to Dutch's, plus most of the clientele are TCU students who simply walk over, parking in back and on the street can be hard to find.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/17/2014,23,18,1,3,2>Love it here! Service: Customer service is great. The girls seem to know what they're talking about. It's clean when you walk in, and there's usually someone greeting you. Food: I came and tried their sautéed mussels, crawfish, and fried wings. Their mussels are great. Crawfish is perfectly seasoned and they're pretty big right now. They're also only $7.99, which is pretty cheap for fresh crawfish. The fried wings were perfectly fried and tasted delicious. Overall, I would come back and recommend this place to my friends and family.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,4/16/2014,103,159,,5,3>This has become a fairly regular place for us in Euless. BYOB, cash only, family run place with good salads, pizza, pasta standards, & other nice dishes. Hubby loves the chicken parmigiana & rarely orders anything else and I'll admit the sauce is heavenly. Now that his son has discovered fettuccine Alfredo, I'm pretty sure he'll never look at another pasta. So I'm the guy that has to try it all - so far, Greek salad, pizza, mussels marinara, and chicken Jerusalem. All good, but last time we were there, my mother got spinach ravioli with marinara & I had plate envy. I'll have to go back to fix that. Lizzano's - save me some ravioli, ok?
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,4/15/2014,65,195,2,6,4>So I'm writing this review immediately after I finished my banh mi dac biet... now I picked up 2 banh mi yesterday to bring for my work lunches. I didn't want to order much because if I didn't like it -- I'd be stuck with a ton of sammiches I'd still have to eat! BUT... now I'm regretting not getting a week's worth! The bread is SO soft -- even the next day after being put in the fridge! The combination of meats, pickled veggies, pate, sauces and liquids made this sandwich amazing! And who will complain about a $2.50 lunch?! And how fancy am I to bring banh mi for my lunch, anyway?! I'll definitely come back for MORE MORE MORE!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,4/14/2014,5,86,,4,3>My husband and I dined here during the ice storm. We braved our way here on treacherous roads for a show at the Bass Hall and didn't feel like sliding around looking for anywhere else to eat. It was warm and inviting inside with simple, but elegant decor. Our waiter Efram was excellent from beginning to end. I wanted a glass of wine and he suggested, and let me try, two of his choices of whites. They were both fine and I chose one of them. I can't remember what it was but it was listed as one of the staff favorites on the menu. I ordered the greens salad to start with. It was fine but nothing special and nowhere near worth the money. My husband ordered the seared sea scallops and I had the Tuscan spiced salmon. Both were quite good and both cooked perfectly. I finished with a pumpkin tiramisu and a damn fine cup of french press coffee. I should've ordered the bread pudding as the tiramisu was merely ok with not a hint of pumpkin flavor. Regrets...I've had a few....  But only about the choice of dessert, not about the rest of the meal.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/13/2014,29,51,,4,3>Jamaica gates is one of the few places in the dfw area that serves Caribbean cusine. After coming back from key west I had been craving Caribbean food for some time and finally today decided to get the groupon for half off my order and try this place out.We tried the 5 appetizer sampler and liked everything except the barbeque sauce coated chicken. The jerk chicken was quite spicy but definitely worth trying.For the main course we got the goat stew with hard bread and salad as our sides. The goat stew was too salty and we ended up returning this. In exchange for that we got the oxtail curry and that was better. The meat did slide off easily from the bones and was cooked well.Their staff is very friendly and takes care of you well. They were prompt to change our entree and also gave us free deserts for our check-in on yelp. A band plays reggae music here on the weekends and the music goes quite well with the food. I would recommend anyone wanting to try Caribbean food to go here, but can't promise this would be their best experience.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,4/12/2014,148,88,4,11,6>This new to the neighborhood "Fresh, Local, Natural" burger house is located off Glade & 121 where Mooyah used to be. I was a Mooyah regular and a bit skeptical when I heard they were being replaced by another burger joint. Tonight my doubts were put to rest. (phfew! I've missed having a good burger close to home!)I was on the prowl for a hearty meal after spending 6 hrs working on the yard.. happened to pass CHB and noticed cars in the parking lot and the patio was nearly full.  Zipped in and found out it was a test night before grand opening but was able to get in and place a to-go order - yayay!!They host a GREAT burger menu with specialty taste combos I look forward to trying. Their pricing is pretty average for a quality burger and these are quality - and large.  I had a bacon, cheddar burger with a fried egg - and will be having the other half for lunch to tomorrow. It was damn near one of the best burgers I've had - definitely the absolute best to-go burger. The truffle fries were ok, I've had them at another place before and those didn't wow me either, so thinking it's me. Others seem to love them.  They also offer real ice cream shakes too..This was my first CHB experience and I'm so happy they use QUALITY beef!! According to their menu they serve locally raised cattle without antibiotics or hormones. And you can taste the difference. I'm going with 4 stars until I try another item and regular fries.. but I can say without hesitation, better burgers than Mooyah.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,4/11/2014,8,6,,5,2>I have eaten at this location many times and it never disappoints.  I would recommend eating during the lunch hours to save money, plus it seems like you receive almost the same amount of food.  The restaurant is clean and the wait staff is quick and accommodating.  The location may not look too nice on the outside but I think it gives the place some personality. The location itself has a high reputation for excellence, especially after being on Food Network.  I have never tried Lebanese food before but thankfully I did. I am hooked!  Beef, salad, hummus, etc. It's all good!!!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/10/2014,32,108,2,4,3>Idk why I haven't been here earlier! I love this place! It's a quant little neighborhood breakfast joint. There's outside seating, which is amazing weather permitted. When you walk in it's like you're walking into someone's home, I love that. Very spacious with  homey types of decorations. It was packed and I expected to wait but we were seated right away! We Ordered the stuffed biscuits and gravy and the meat lovers special. Both were delicious, especially the stuffed biscuits. It will keep you full ALL day, not to mention it's delicious! The pancakes were a little dense for my taste, I hope is better. I kept pouring syrup but I couldn't taste it or see where it went! Wth! Food is just as good, if not better than ihop, best part? There's no 15-20 minute wait everytime.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/9/2014,123,38,3,10,4>Another 5 star review in a sea of 5 star reviews. This place is hands down the best pho in Arlington.It is me and my family's go to Vietnamese restaurant. I have yet to try one bad thing on their menu. The 3 dishes I rotate between ordering are either the pho, vermicelli, or Korean BBQ. The spring rolls are a must and if we're feeling like fatties we get the boba. Service isn't the greatest but if you're used to Vietnamese restaurants then it's exactly what you would expect. We have also done takeout many times, each time without any problems. There is a reason this place is so highly rated. If you're anywhere near Arlington and enjoy good food, it's a must try.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/8/2014,1,19,,6,1>Me and my wife went here and had a really good time. We loved the atmosphere and the managerial staff were incredibly nice and friendly. We got regular queso which was pretty bland but actually quite good when you mixed in the really spicy salsa. I got the beef fajitas which were good but honestly not as good as other places (Chili's, On The Boarder). My wife got a chicken chimichanga and it was really good. We also go a fried cheesecake which was really good. And I also got the Flaca drink. It was good too. Altogether a pretty good place to eat it's not cheap but it's way better than El Guapos.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/7/2014,13,23,,10,7>Is Thai Texas good?... No, it's fantastic!  Excellent service, and Excellent food, couldn't ask for more (And yes, they do free delivery too!) I was craving Thai food for dinner one day and from word of mouth I heard of this new Thai place in the area.  I called and ordered a Pad Thai, and Thai Fried Rice for dinner. They do a 5 star spicy rating, 5 being the spiciest and 1 being mild. So I ordered, get this, 7 star spicy level (call me crazy but I love spicy food haha) Upon arrival I was greeted by one of the nicest lady I have never met. Completely made me feel confident that I didn't just order from a lame take out restaurant. Came home and ate. Along with the two entrees I ordered, it also came with two salads. Dressing was really good, but of course your curious about the entrees. That 7 star Pad Thai that I ordered, exactly what I wanted: extremely spicy and had a ton of flavor. The Thai Fried rice was also really flavorful as well. Very happy and satisfied with this place. If you like Thai food, you owe it to yourself to try it here.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/6/2014,13,3,,3,1>Aw man oh man oh man.I've visited Reata only three times since moving to Fort Worth a year and a half ago, and if it weren't for the menu being a little over our price range, I'd be there every week!The rooftop patio is the best in town, and the service up there is just as great as in the main dining room. The menu has something for everyone, although you can't go wrong with any of their steak or fish entrees. My personal favorite is the "lighter" option of the grilled chicken with bleu cheese... but even so, get ready to roll yourself out once the meal is done.I have to give a special shout out to Brandon who served my husband, my inlaws and myself when we stopped in a couple of weeks ago. My mother-in-law requested a side of tarter sauce with her fish, even though there was already a special, delicious butter sauce that came with the entree. Brandon graciously asked her to give him a minute to whip something up since the kitchen, obviously, does not carry any. Sure enough, a few minutes later, he presented her with a small dish of tarter sauce that was made just for her. She loved the pickles in it so much, she THEN requested a bowl of their homemade pickles. Once again, Brandon delivered! Although the rest of us at the table were slightly more than embarrassed, he never made her feel goofy or guilty with the odd requests. At the end of the meal, Brandon presented my husband and father-in-law with belated birthday desserts (he must have overheard us talking) and a container of pickles for my mother-in-law to take home to Indiana. Too hilarious, and so kind.2 big thumbs up. Always looking forward to my next visit to this best of the west restaurant.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,4/5/2014,54,86,,4,2>This is a cute little boutique located off 7th street. Their storefront mannequins with stylish outfits always lure me in, even when I'm not looking for anything. You can easily browse through everything in about 10 minutes, but they do a great job of having a nice selection with their limited space. I have never been able to walk in without getting at least one item, so they must be doing something right!! The price point is on the higher end, but the quality is definitely there. If you are looking for jewelry, they have a great selection of chunky necklaces and earrings as well as some stuff from local jewelry makers.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,4/4/2014,107,119,,10,3>This place is awesome.  I have had the salisbury steak, fried chicken, seafood gumbo and the chicken gumbo.  The seafood gumbo is VERY good.  Both of the gumbos have a good amount of spice to them, so rookies beware.  I like to pour the gumbo over the rice that comes with it.  You will not leave this place hungry.  Servings are very large.  Prices are great, especially for what you get. Damian is a really nice guy.  Loves coming around and talking to everyone.  You have to try this cafe if you are in the mood for some soul food!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,4/3/2014,188,78,,5,5>As the newest Vietnamese restaurant of 2014 in Arlington and after dining there three times thus far, I would say that hands down, they have the best pho in town. Granted, their menu ranges from classic Vietnamese dishes, Thai dishes, Chinese fare, to a plentiful boba and smoothie selection, they do an awesome job conquering the dish that is their namesake.On a snowy day in the DFW area, my friend and I decided to warm ourselves up with a bowl of soupy goodness and boy did it hit the spot.  I had the Chicken Pho (you have your choice of dark or white meat) and the broth was light, aromatic, and savory. Though there was a tad bit too much noodles in my bowl, it would have been a carb lover's delight. The chicken came on the side of the soup and was served with a garlic ginger fish sauce.  Hot soupy noodle goodness paired with bursts of flavor from the dipping sauce and tender chicken tickled my tastebuds and warmed my soul. Being a brand new restaurant there are some kinks in the service so it may take a couple of months to get into a better flow of things.  Nonetheless, the food is spectacular and the staff is friendly and welcoming and I shall return to try out more if the extensive menu.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/2/2014,4,101,,13,2>We heard about the Red Door from friends that know the owners and wanted to both try someplace new, as well as support a local business trying to make it.  Word has not really gotten out about the Red Door yet, but the staff was eager and on their toes despite it being a slow night for them.The owner, Donna, was gracious, friendly and she made us ( and our 8 and 10 year old kids) feel welcome, at home, and comfortable.  We ordered wine, as they had yet to get fully stocked with beer, and they had juice or soda for the kids. We started with two appetizers, the flatbread and the hummus, both of which were tasty and filling and received thumbs-up by the adults and kids alike. For entrees the Mrs ordered the quail, and I had the chicken stuffed with all kinds of goodness.  Both meals were excellent and the kids were more than content with tasty creations of flatbread pizza and chicken tenders.  The feel of the place is very open, and the kitchen is separated from the restaurant by a half-wall, which gives it a cool vibe and contributed some nice ambient noise to the dining room.  We'll be back, and spreading the word in the mean time.  Here's to wishing you good luck, Red Door Bistro!P.S. Put a menu up on Yelp and Facebook.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,4/1/2014,297,590,,6,4>After a couple visits I can say I'm hooked. This place has great food, fun decor, good service and a lovely patio. What more do you need? A few items I really liked from the menu are the sirloin pops with kimchee, the cherry pavlova, the mushroom farro, burrata salad, roasted root veggies and the hummus. The kimchee is delicious!! You'll wish they put more on the dish. The pavlovas are rotating, so hopefully you get to try the cherry one. It's melt in your mouth heavenly good. The hummus comes with tons of pickled veggies and pita bread. The pickled cauliflower is so good. As far as drinks I've stuck to my usual old fashioned or got something from the wine list. They have some great choices. It's a lovely place to go with friends and share some small plates of food!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/31/2014,41,191,,4,4>Winewood is a great restaurant. The food if flavorful and fresh. Good assortment of dishes. We ordered salads for lunch recently and they were all delicious. California Cobb, Hearty Market Blend and the Flame Kissed Tuna. The apricot infused iced tea is great too. When I went for dinner recently, we ordered the Tenderlion Bruschetta and the Seared Ahi for appetizers. The bruschetta is to die for. Just the right amount of saltiness and sweetness. We also ordered the Scottish Salmon, Crab Cakes and the Ribeye Filet. None disappointed.I recommend Winewood for both a delicious lunch and dinner. On a side note, I have a business that interacts with them. They are always willing to work with us and accommodate the people we bring in. Kudos to Winewood!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,3/30/2014,17,130,2,5,2>Had dinner there tonight and overall it was pretty good.i had the chicken fried steak with a side salad and mashed potatoes.the salad was nice except it didn't have any onion in it which I'm am used to. The mashed potatoes were really good and still had the skin on it but a little dry.the chicken fried steak was decent but I have def had better.just thought the meat was not as tender as it should have been. My buddy had the club sand which and a order of onion rings.i had a look at the sand which and it was pretty big. You could prob share it with someone.he said it was pretty tasty along with his onion rings. Which I had a couple and they were pretty tasty. Defiantly home made and not frozen.the people were really nice and friendly and the service was pretty prompt.ill be back but I hate to say it but I prob won't get the chicken fried steak again.oh we'll they have many other things to choose from.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,3/29/2014,135,469,,7,3>Jamaican food is one of my favorite cuisines and most particularly curried goat.  So I got really excited to see another Jamaican establishment pop up in Arlington, despite being a big fan of Jamaica Gates already.We came for lunch, and ended up taking some home for dinner.  The owner is super duper nice, and she has a program where if you sign up for the mailing list you get a free spin on a virtual wheel to see if you get a discount, and we ended up with 5% off.  Can'f complain about that!My overall verdict about Stay C's foodwise is that there is definitely a place for both Stay C's and Jamaica Gates in Arlington and in my rotation.  Stay C's jerk chicken is phenomenal, and I say that as someone who has a hard time getting excited about poultry.  It's smokey, moist, and has delicious flavor either with or without the sauce she provides.  Stay C's oxtails are superior to those at Jamaica Gates, by far.  However, Jamaica Gates wins hands down on the curried goat which is enough to keep me going there when I'm jonesing for that.  Please note that Stay C's has a rotating menu, only a few items each day.  I suggest calling if you're wanting something in particular.  I suspect she has jerk chicken everyday though.The restaurant is clean and bright with good natural light and everything looks new and different from the crappy Mexican place that used to be in this location.  It's very informal though - everything is served with plastic utensils and in those aluminum takeout tins with the plastic lids.  So it's not exactly date night ambience.  But, her lunch special is nice and affordable, and I can see myself craving that jerk chicken from time to time.  I wish Stay C great success!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,3/28/2014,73,85,1,5,4>To be clear, This is not the best pho I've ever had. In fact, it isn't a place I would frequent all that often. The broth was flavorless and it was as if they just dumped really hot water over a bowl of vermicelli and meat. I really wish I could say otherwise but this was only my first time coming here and I plan to come back. Here's why: What it lacked in flavor, was more than made up for by the environment, the amazing loving staff and the awesome owner. This place has the look of a small ramen house. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the owner and the servers. They were so happy to be there. They all loved their job. This translates into the experience a customer experiences in a huge way. It set the tone of my entire encounter here. Also there is something to be said about eating vietnamese food with the black keys, bob Dylan and arcade fire playing in the background. The owner stopped by a few times and made small talk (a talent I find less and less frequently these days). The servers who were handling my table were very friendly and extremely helpful. After I had ordered my pho, if I saw something on the menu that I've never tried before, they'd bring over a sample for me to try (the civiche here is absolutely amazing btw). Overall, I'd have to say that this was a very positive experience for me (pho aside). I think I may have gotten a bad batch. I know it takes a while to develop a complex and clean flavor of the broth so I will give them the benefit of the doubt. The service and general experience alone warrants further investigation. Give them a try!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,3/27/2014,52,91,1,7,4>Ever feel like finding a sports bar that's not a chain restaurant, with good food, good drinks, lots of space and doesn't smell an ashtray?  And with cheap prices?? Well travel no further than the Mavericks Bar & Grill.  I've been a handful of times and one thing I can confidently say is that it's consistent.  In a great way.  My food of choice is the Lemon Pepper Chicken sandwich with the sweet potato fries.  Yeah. Lemon. Pepper. Chicken. Sandwich.  It's just as delicious as it sounds. Sweet potato fries have always been kind of hit and miss with me.  All too often, they'll be soggy and not cooked thoroughly but these guys have mastered the secret.  Crispy on the our side, soft on the inside and not loaded down with oil and salt.  Best sweet potato fries I've ever tasted in the Metroplex.The bar is huge and offers a lot of variety.  Domestic and foreign beer, ciders, wine, spirits of all sorts.  And the bartenders & waitstaff have been friendly and fast, every time I've gone by.  The pool table stays ready for a player or four.  The TVs are giant and can be seen in every direction.  Who knew such awesomeness could lie in the forgotten streets of Arlington? I did.  And now, you do too.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,3/26/2014,119,182,1,4,3>I'm surprised that I haven't written a review for Suzushii yet. It's definitely a place to visit if you want quality sushi in Arlington. If you visit around lunch and dinner, there are several bento boxes available that make a cheap and fulfilling meal.The service here is fast and they're very friendly. I once came here with a table for 10, and the waitress did a great job of making sure that our drinks did not go empty and took our orders accurately. The wait for the food to come out was not long at all either. The restaurant is very consistent with their customer service.Sashimi is always fresh here, but I hate the presentation. It always comes on a bed of ice in a boring bowl. It's a really picky thing to point out, but the presentation of the food here will not wow you. Other than that, Suzushii is a great place to grab good food at great prices.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,3/25/2014,263,371,4,8,7>This was the only movie theater we felt comfortable taking a 4 month old to. Bun Bun was sleeping pretty good in the backseat, but I wanted to see her so I precariously balanced her on my chest during the Lego movie my husband desperately wanted to see. $8 for a double feature ain't bad, either!Tune in with your radio folks. We sat with the windows down on a random warm night it felt great. The people who pulled up next to us also must have been drive-in virgins and kept getting worried about how to watch it. Yeah, so everyone else here drives an SUV or a van. The Worry Warts camped out on their Civic's hood. We just reclined back and enjoyed the surround sound the other vehicles provided. When Bun Bun fussed (ie., stayed up past her bedtime) all we had to do was roll up the windows. Still sounded pretty good in my husband's Fusion, and no worries about annoying other patrons. The place is pretty well organized. They have guys out there shining flashlights, just to make sure you don't double park and to guide your way out. The cantina ain't bad either. You can get personal pizzas for $6, or a beer on tap for about $6. Some hard cider and a Revolver Blood and Honey (new one for me!) made it a pretty good date night.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,3/24/2014,47,115,2,6,4>I've been before as a part of group to hang out on the patio.  The waitresses on the roof proved clueless of the beer list and were not able to recommend types of beer for those looking to try something new.  Unless you stick with your tried and true, the roof-top can let you down.I came again for Valentine's Day and dined in the music venue, all set up with little tables and candlelight.  The drink selection? A delightful surprise.  I got to try the hard to find Lakewood Raspberry Temptress, which paired well with the chocolate mousse.The food?  Much better than what gets served on the roof. The salad with garlic-parm dressing, shrimp penne pasta adorned with thick curls of Parmesan cheese, and the aforementioned chocolate mousse was was delicious.  Not complex or intricate, layered or subtle, but executed well.  The music was the best part of my night, though.  Doug Burr played as part of the Valentine special.  Front and center on the stage with his guitar and harmonica spinning long soulful tales.  Completely spellbinding.  Live Oak knows how to put together a wonderful night.  The college kids can have the roof.  Save me spot by the stage.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,3/23/2014,0,5,,2,1>This place is AMAZING!!! While I'm not crazy about the location (I selfishly want them in Southlake), it's soooooo worth it! The portions are HUGE and very reasonably priced. The fries are awesome and I'm not sure how they make the homemade ranch dressing, but it's hands down the best I've ever had. You will NOT be disappointed!! BTW-I'm not sure how someone waited 40 minutes for a grilled cheese. My order took 5 minutes.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,3/22/2014,298,874,4,8,5>Beau J. has a good tip on getting here early.On our most recent visit, a Friday, we sat near the door. From here we could watch customers come and go, but we also saw the large number of take out orders that were being picked up. Sea Siam was rocking on a Friday night. Being Friday, and during Lent, we opted for meatless entries. We started with a bowl of the Gulf Of Siam Soup (Hot and spicy seafood with fresh chili in a classic Thai-style broth). It had squid, shrimp, a clam and a mussel. I liked the flavor of the broth, but I'm just not a fan of squid (unless it's fried). Thuy however liked the soup quite a bit. The bowl was a good size to split as an appetizer, but it's also available in pot size. I was having a hard time deciding on a main, so went with my old stand-by Pad Thai. Thuy went for the Drunken Noodles (Spicy stir-fried flat noodles with chili, garlic, carrots, baby corn, tomatoes, and basil leaves in soy and oyster sauce), another favorite of ours. We had both made with tofu.We've been in enough times now where they know our spice level preferences and they got it just right. Thuy goes for medium, I like my things a bit spicier (but not so much as to mask the flavor of the food). The food did not disappoint and the warm family vibe of the restaurant only added to our dining pleasure. Definitely a Keller gem.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,3/21/2014,1,2,,4,2>I recommend their Buffalo Pizza! It's delicious. Their crust is thin so if you aren't a fan of thin crust pizza, this won't be your cup of tea. Their ingredients are delicious. Their prices fantastic for people who, like me, have a tight budget. The staff is always nice and you get your pizza really quickly. You can call in before hand, they deliver, and they're open till the wee hours of the morning. I LOVE CROOKED CRUST.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/20/2014,60,126,,3,2>La Banqueta.  Hasn't been El Guero in a pretty long while.  Whatever it's called, you'll know it by the bright yellow paint job.Parking lot is always packed.  Building usually is as well.I can't speak for anything here except the tacos.  They're great.  It's a sit down type of place with a server and seating, but the food still tastes like the usual walk up joints.  I think I've had everything they had to offer and the only thing that I didn't particularly like was the tripe.  Cooked a bit past crispy and more into burned.  Other than than, the meats were all very good, the tortillas were good, and the salsas were fantastic.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,3/19/2014,33,6,,4,3>I love their pan seared pot stickers and spicy Sichuan steamed wontons. The bul-go-gi lettuce wraps are great. The phad Thai is one of my favorites, with shrimp and chicken, as well as the Wang's beef tenderloin and sea scallops. The Hunan stir fry is one of my favorite traditional dishes. The Sichuan string beans with bbq pork is delicious too. Great wine and cocktail selection. The ambiance is family inviting, yet perfect for date night. They did a beautiful job with the decor. Great service and management. You might meet Howard too, sometimes he's even cooking in the back along with his other chefs.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,3/18/2014,14,195,1,5,3>We came away impressed with this small, family owned restaurant located in an out-of-the-way spot in a what appears to be the back of a small apartment building.  Odd spot, but it is worth the trouble to locate it.Wine and Cheese?  Why are those words in the name of the restaurant?  They have an extensive wine menu to be sure (they serve beer and wine), and many of their food offerings do contain cheese.  But the name here is misleading because they are more than the name implies.We enjoyed a wonderful dinner starting with shared appetizers of crunchy cakes and our favorite as recommended by the waitress of the brie baked in a flaky crust.  We sipped a nightly special $20 bottle of malbec alongside.  Dinners at our table were enjoyed by everyone.  My mushroom risotto was so smooth and delicious that I almost didn't miss the ordered small salad that was never delivered.  My tablemates had good things to say about the meatloaf, the meatballs and pasta, and the flatbread appetizer which sufficed as a dinner entree.  Desserts were tasty also, though we clearly preferred the homemade cheesecake to the bread pudding.We had live entertainment in the person of a young guitar player and singer, who was quite good, but also because of the mike, his music dominated the air waves, so much so that we could not enjoy a good conversation at our table.  We did not come to hear a concert but rather to enjoy a good meal and talk with friends.  We were not able to do that because of the music.   Music is nice, but at a place like this, it belongs in the background.We are glad to have this restaurant nearby.  Before we go next time, we will call ahead to see whether we can enjoy dinner or plan on attending a concert.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/17/2014,39,7,,5,3>LA LA LOVE this place!!!! This is the most adorable cake place in DFW. The cakes and cupcakes are delicious too! I pickup cupcakes for events and parties all the time and they are always a hit! The famous sprinkle cake is SO TASTY and SO SO cute! I bought several for a bachelorette party and the girls loved them! I even got a sprinkle cake for our annual christmas party. I just can't get enough of this place! The staff is wonderful and Leah is so great! I love to support locally owned businesses- this will always be my stop for all things sweet! Sweet service, sweet treats, sweet place!!!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,3/16/2014,19,48,,3,3>When I had the first sip of their Thai Tea, I knew it was going to be good. I mean, that was the best thai tea in Denton. BELIEVE ME PPL!Anyway, I opted for the tofu thai fried rice. It was good, buuuut a little too much pepper for me. The thing keeping this from being 5 stars was a piece of eggshell I found in my fried rice *womp womp*, I was so upset, because I wanted it to be perfect. Hopefully, never again!I'm definitely going to try more things here. Besides the eggshell, the first impression was a good one. I can forgive them, this time.Oh- the service is great, too!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/15/2014,0,12,1,3,4>I've been to my a lot of bars in my time, and this continues to be my favorite!My friends and I originally tried out the old location just because the name sounded cool.  It was definitely a "dive", but for some reason, we always had a BLAST!  A combination of the great staff, interesting other patrons, etc...  It just had some sort of magic about it.  The owner is one of the nicest people I've ever met, and she got to know us personally.  We threw a "going away" party there for a friend once, and the owner had balloons and cake for him when we arrived!  What other bar would do something like that?!Fast forward a few years, and their new location is FANTASTIC!  After visiting the old place for so many years, I was shocked at how "up scale" the new location was.  Dark wood bar, paneling, and trim.  Unique beer selection.  Cool 2nd floor loft.  Great juke box.  Nice outdoor seating...  The list goes on and on.  The staff is great as usual.  I don't know where they find these employees, but they seem to have a knack for hiring awesome people.   Also, they are located right behind Twisted Root, Flying Fish, and Freebirds.  Since Hooligan's doesn't serve food, they allow you to bring in whatever you want from outside. I recommend siging up for their "text alerts."  They have great specials, and freebies that are only available if you're on their text list.Highly recommended!!!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,3/14/2014,99,127,2,7,4>Lushaj's a great local NY style Italian restaurant right in Euless. All you need to order here to enjoy a great meal is a plain slice of pizza and salad and you are good to go. In the past I have also had their calzone's and their spagetti and meatballs. Everything was just great!I can't say anything wrong with this restaurant.What is even better is that they deliver to corporate offices. Even though I was out of their ordering area. (Right in the NW area of the airport.) They had no problem dropping off four pizzas and garlic knots at my place of work. They also dropped off some plates and plastic ware. I was aiming to impress my out of town co-workers and boy they really enjoyed every last bite of pizza. Also my co-workers almost got in a fight as to who could finish the last garlic knot. All in all everyone really enjoyed the pizza, everyone was full and satisfied. My opinion is of that if your food can almost start a fight then you must be making some good food.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/13/2014,32,176,1,9,6>Every once in a while everything comes together in a food and wine experience, and ones expectations are met and then some!  Tonight at a Grace, we had such an experience Let's start with the facility, beautifully laid out, elegant, tables perfectly spaced to create a sense of privacy AND community.  Sound fussy and nerdy?  Too bad, that's just what it is, and if you go, you will know what I'm talking about.Second, the service.  I have new best friends, including the wine sommelier Jenny Kornblum.  I'm a sommelier from California, this is hands down one of the two best wine lists I've ever seen.  Amazing selection, including a relatively large half bottle selection that is rare and appreciated.  Jenny listened to what we liked, and what we ordered, and recommended a wine  that was not even on the extensive list!  This is the kind of service assistance that MAKES a place special.  Yahoo, and I haven't even ordered any food yet.Let's start with some bubbly, expertly recommended by our server!  Perfect.  Our personal wine selection presented and decanted to ensure the best representation of the wine.  Appetizers of foie gras sampler ( are you kidding) and a kielbasa sausage with lentil beans.  I was in heaven before the main entrees arrived!Now bring on the perfectly cooked rack of lamb and a 16 oz New York Strip with a peppercorn marrow sauce (exquisite) and a topping of bacon as long as the strip, perfectly cooked to the requested medium rare +, and you have the perfect meal.  The amazing sides of Brussels Sprouts (with an apple cider glaze), and fingerlings with blue cheese, and I seriously doubt I've had an all around better meal in 10 years.  Best for foodies?  Yes.  Good for families with small children?  Probably not, unless your little ones have an acquired taste for gourmet food.  Grace has some regular, special events, like Women in Wine Wednesdays, and Bubbly happy hours, so don't be shy, stop into the well appointed bar on these special nights and celebrate the grape with Jenny and staff.Expensive ($100 per person all around), but oh so worth it.  Celebrate food and wine at Grace with the amazing staff, and worry about the credit card later.I will be a regular here because it all comes together ... Attentive service, amazing wine, amazing food, and a "we love our customer" attitude that exemplifies what a world class restaurant should be,$5 valet parking right in front, so no worries!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/12/2014,177,346,1,5,3>if you've never been there is designated parking garages for this place and its not that bad of a walk, but theres also valet! dont park in the back!so walking in you are greeted right away i like that! the hostess are kind and sassy haha. i was first to arrive waiting on my party of 15 so i went to the bar and it only took a sec for the bartender to notice i was without drink. awesome. so im looking around taking it all in and browsing the menu this is an awesome place for date night! they've got the lounge area by the bar with couches and the decor of this place is freaking chic! and of course blue haha i like the fish tank its a beaut! the bathroom is dark as hell hahahah it was almost murderous hahahah i was like omg i hope im peeing into the toilet but i actually liked it. it kinda went with everything i liked the Japanese newspaper wallpaper. so food!im allergic to seafood so i had the coconut chicken! presentation is def a wow factor here esp on the non seafood dishes which i was glad to see! it wasn't dry, very refreshing the honey mustard was severed in a coconut shell haha that was awesome! everyone else ordered sushi of course and i know this bothered my friends because they're very pay for yourself kind of people. they put everyones orders in a boat and whilst thats awesome to me because of that presentation it was kinda a nuisance because i could tell in their eyes, "i want my sushi on my plate thats it!" my only suggestion is maybe 2 boats? or figure out how things are being paid because idk situations like that are ehh LOL. it was a birthday and they were very accommodating! the hostess took the cake to the back and coordinated candles, cake cutting etc.i didnt eat sushi so the boat thing didnt bother me haha. the price for 2 people was def what i expected it to be and since we had great service i had no problem adding extra tip to the group tip!our servers were nice even though we only had one designated one she was very knowledgeable about the dishes and knew what to recommend great job! and i liked that they have people check on water and just table stuff so that was great!def recommending this place for food decor ambiance and great chances for happy hour twice a day!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/11/2014,53,275,2,8,5>Always  a good time. I love to go to the Kimbell when there is a new  showing. The price is not that bad. And the art work is sometimes amazing. Other times you are  like is  that  a famous piece of art?  I just do not see it .Anyway the Kimbell has some wonderful art on permanent display. And now that they expanded  with another building they can display more of there artwork.The Kimbell is not very large so it is easy to walk around and see everything. In just a few hours.  Without being overwhelmed.  Some  museums you go to are gigantic and you get tired of the art. The  Kimbell is section off into different rooms. So you  can just go see the permanent exhibit and it is free. But the traveling shows are worth the price of admission. I enjoy seeing the art work and reading the information on the pieces.And the location is great go on a nice day and walk to the other museums in the area. The Modern, or  Amon Carter... very nice.  And the Science Museum but I would not go to all in a day maybe two of them.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/10/2014,45,122,1,5,4>I've dined here twice now- once with family and more recently with the husband. On the first occassion, we arrived after viewing Ice around Christmas, and the second time was on a reservation for my birthday.When it comes to getting a table, make a reservation. Just do it. When we showed up without one, we waited for nearly 30 minutes. I was astounded as there was clearly open/empty tables available- but the hostesses insisted that they were reserved (though we kept eyeing them and the tables were never filled, contrary to their claims. Hmm.)So other than the snobby/annoying/unprofessional hostesses, the restaurant impresses. The environment is romantic and definitely reminiscent of coastal Italy. I love the hanging lights and colored glassware. The servers, thankfully, are polite and somewhat attentive.Most importantly, the food is delicious. A creature of habit, both times I ordered either mussels or clam for appetizer and petite filet mignon for dinner. Loved both! Compliments to the chef, for sure- I cleaned both plates.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,3/9/2014,92,436,6,7,3>Everyone is hating on Tillman's but I have had nothing but great experiences here. I came here with a large group and a group of two and both times our service was great. Everyone's review already mentions the amazing truffle popcorn you receive gratis upon sitting down. Eat it... eat it all and keep asking for more because it never gets old. The menu is an interesting one. If you're not very adventurous, I'm not sure I would recommend this place to you. There are things like burgers, caesar salads, and french fries, but they all are flavored with fun and interesting sauces and dressings. Of course you can order it plain, but that takes the fun out of it. I've had the pork tenderloin, lobster tamales, and venison chili pie and they are all to die for. You're also dining in an adorable Texas-Vintage woodsy atmosphere. It's very unique and touristy. The door handles to enter the restaurant are metal shotguns and the walls are made of what look like tree bark. Bring your relatives or visitors from other states here to give them an interesting take on Texas cuisine and atmosphere. Also, random fact... the goat cheese tater tots that come as a side with your meal are the best things I've ever put in my mouth. And yes... that is a fact.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/8/2014,2,23,,3,2>First time here and I like it. Came on New Year's Day and they handed us a bowl black eyed peas when we walked in. They were good and free, that can't be beat. I had catfish and wife had chicken strips both were good. Friendly folks and the decorations are great. They celebrate the fact you're eating fish, you send in your fishing pics for the digital board or bring a pic and they will hang it up. The Billy Bass adoption center is cool. They were playing blues music and the place was clean, good food, price is about on par with everything else in this area and sweet tea was great.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,3/7/2014,29,102,1,11,6>Have been here several times now. Last time I took a friend who lived in Korea for several years and she pronounced it the best Korean she's had since living there.  Love all the pancakes - kimchi, green bean, leeks. They're all good. My personal favorite is the spicy pork bulgogi, but recently tried the bibimbap and the galgi and oh my, now so many favorites. Most of the patrons are Koreans, so that's a good sign. Service is friendly if a tad slow. Nice that they have Korean Hite beer, but the wine offerings are not so good. I would like to see them add a coupla decent wines to the menu. This place is only 3 or 4 miles from, my house so we're becoming regulars. Worth the drive from anywhere in the metroplex though.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/6/2014,11,4,4,5,4>Winner winner chicken dinner! Ok, it wasn't chicken, it was pork loin, lightly breaded with a traditional sawmill gravy and a green chile sauce, but it was terrific. Served on top of traditional sides (with foodie flair) of green onion mashers and gorgonzola cream corn - that, like the pork loin, managed to travel off the beaten path without losing its way. Lili's has terrific ambiance with low ceilings and low lights - and on the night we went, and a great Jazz Quartet in the bar area. While its an upscale locale, people were comfortably dressed. if there is a negative, its that if you like a drink with dinner, it will have to be beer or wine. They do make the best of things by having a nice selection of both. Price wise, Lili borders on the 3$ range ($18-35 a plate), so it probably isn't a place you'll be able to go as often as you like - but it will be worth it when you do.Be sure to try to the Gorganzola Waffle fries-
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/5/2014,28,34,1,4,3>You looking for some good ol' Chicken n' Waffles? Done. This place has... THE. BEST. No more having to get Cardboard n' Grease of the so called "equivalent" from Denny's or IHOP. I just can't get it there anymore: Button's has surely spoiled me and has showed me the light. Looking forward to going back sometime and trying out their Chicken Fried Chicken, FTW! My only two strikes against this place that I can think of is: a) the food is a little overpriced, and b) it's location isn't the greatest (I wish it were closer to the 7th West or downtown Fort Worth area). If you don't mind the drive and have loads of cash, you'll find this place to be heaven on earth for your soul.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,3/4/2014,16,130,1,7,6>Where to begin... food or service?! They were both amazing! Had the ham shank special which was fabulous and could totally feed A family of 4. My 36 oz dunkel was great too. Even served in a super cold glass. The service was great. Everyone was super friendly. We will be returning asap!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,3/3/2014,1,14,1,5,3>Agree that if I could give 10 stars, I would! Love the selection & suggestions! Owner was do sweet, personable & helpful! Visiting the area from CA, love boutique shopping & wish this place was closer to home! Def recommend!!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/2/2014,46,35,1,4,4>I'm addicted to Melis! Best tacos ever, and very very inexpensive. This is a taco stand so there is no inside seating. You order from a window and can either take it to go or eat it on one of the two patio tables. They also have Mexican coke and manzana drinks!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/1/2014,9,10,1,5,4>I LOVE this bakery, especially since it's become Delectable Delights. The owner Kim and her staff are very friendly and the treats are yummy. I've also used them for a baby shower and the mom loved her cake. The hardest part was driving the cake home from the bakery and not wanting to show my face in it. :)
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,2/28/2014,57,28,3,4,3>I was craving an amazing burger and yelped around and this popped up. I asked my awesome foodie gangsta friend Heather S. and she said' too greasy'.Ok, IM all over that! I love the grease!She was sure right! I ordered the chophouse that was recommended by the very nice , helpful girl at the register.  LOVED it.Throw some grilled onions and japs on that b! I promise ya!My date got the cheeseburger that has grilled cheese sammiches on the outside. he said "too cheesy"-as if theres such a thing. I couldnt bother with tasting his because mine was so on point there was no need or room for that. My date is no food professional -just a skinny twig of a guy who can live on cereal and corn dogs alone so dont trust his judgement too much.The fries and onion rings are both great but if you have to choose go with onion rings. Massive, fried, crispy of crispiness in yo mouth!Both employees that I same in contact with were very friendly and sweet. Great service!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,2/27/2014,10,5,1,7,4>For a garage bar this place has some amazing food, hands down the best burgers and best shrimp tacos I have ever had (when they have the shrimp). Definitely one of the best chefs in town who never fails to amaze and surprise me with his daily specials.I do find their grilled onions and jalapenos not to my liking but that's just me. The decor is great for the theme and the place is very mellow for lunch, great spot for that lunch break drink and eat. At night it picks up into a venue bar. Saturday and Sunday brunch are amazing also, and often you can just ask for the Derrick Special and once again the Chef (Derrick) will amaze you.The staff is fun and helpful and the beer selection is good too!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/26/2014,113,594,,3,2>I love this place.  Great cigar selection and smoking lounge.  Several beers on tap and in the fridge.  Fair prices on tobacco and drinks.  All what I am looking for in a cigar lounge.  Definitely going to become my go to spot for cigar buying now that I am in Fort Worth.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,2/25/2014,129,254,,5,2>I came here for lunch with a friend - heard their food was really good and wanted to try it myself!This is a hole in the wall Thai place out on White Settlement road - the owners are very quiet and humble people.  The lunch specials all come with salad, a spring roll or fresh veggie roll, fried/ white rice, and the entree for around 6.95 - a pretty good deal if you ask me!  The spring roll was nice and crisp - just how I like it and the peanut dressing on the salad was tasty and sweet.  I got a level 3 spice on my pineapple curry and it had a lot of kick!! The curry was very flavorful and I had a ton left over.  Unfortunately when I went to pay at the register, my bowl was swooped away before I could get it to-go!!  I really want to try their pad thai next - I usually try the pad thai on the first go around at Thai places but this curry sounded too good to pass up - especially because I was in the mood for a dish with broth.  I definitely would recommend trying this place yourself and lunch is a great affordable option!P.S. We were only given a lunch special menu - I am sure you could ask for the regular menu but just a heads up!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,2/24/2014,97,79,1,9,4>Delicious new addition to Magnolia!The service needs a bit of practice. It's a new restaurant getting service and organizational legs for sure. There was some confusion on reservations and if my party of four could be seated right away or not. We didn't have a reservation but others who called in or something did. After we were seated, a bunch of people came in and they had long waits. Perhaps because of this the first waiter seemed to rush us to put in an order. We didn't. We asked for more time and we ended up getting back our original waiter, who was kinder. The checks took forever to come and I ended up getting up to ask for them. But the food is delicious and affordable. I will def be going again.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,2/23/2014,30,11,2,8,6>I have eaten here many times and I'm always pleased with the food & the service. The chef is extremely talented AND friendly.  Knowing that this is not a corporate run chain restaurant, but instead, a chef owned small restaurant, makes me incredibly happy to have it close to my home.  This is one of those restaurants you would typically have to drive to Dallas to experience... Love it!  I love the turkey bourbon cranberry sandwich, but also, the Bomb Chicken is absolutely "the bomb".  My hubby likes the Rubenesque sandwich and prime rib when they have it.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,2/22/2014,29,64,,4,3>So far I've only gotten two different types of tacos, the Brush Fire and the Beef Fajita. Both are excellent, but I think the Brush Fire was better; I loved its balance of sweet (mango) and spicy (Jamaican jerk chicken and fresh grilled jalapeños). I will have to try some others the next time I go.Both tacos were piled high with meat and fillings. They were so full that I had to eat some off the top before I could pick them up out of the basket. The meat was hot, juicy and full of flavor. They are a bit pricey per taco, but they are so full that two tacos will most likely fill you up.There are only a couple of annoying things they do (at this location anyway). First, when they bring your tacos to the table they only announce what tacos they have brought. The gripe is, when you order your food, you get a number too. Why not announce the order number as well?I went with some people from work and I accidentally sent back my coworker's tacos (we had unknowingly ordered the exact same tacos, but he had left the table to get more soda) because they had cheese and sour cream, and mine were ordered without the dairy ingredients.Second, I only saw organically sweetened sodas on tap. While I can appreciate this, and they are quite delicious, I would like to see a diet soda option (Coke Zero perhaps) as well.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,2/21/2014,102,47,,6,3>I guess we haven't been back in a while, but there's gumbo on the menu now! It is delicious! Not a traditional gumbo. Their rue was a bit creamier and I don't know how they accomplished that. It's got a tiny kick, but they have a bottle of tobasco by their water, so I loaded up. My gumbo needs to have that tobasco taste to be satisfying. The gumbo also had chicken, sausage, shrimp and crawfish, topped with their purple jasmine rice. It's a bit more expensive than usual for a cup/bowl...but it also has every meat in it. The bowl was big too. Would I get it again? ABSOLUTELY. I LOVE ME SOME GUMBO.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,2/20/2014,233,245,,7,4>The newest addition to the Denton square just happens to be a funky burger joint. The bright neon lit LSA sign can't be something that you ignore for long. I just happened to have the chance to try this place out on opening weekend. The first thing I noticed was the wait....1 1/2. I'm not even mad about that, it's what you would expect for a new restaurant in this area. What was actually great was they took your number and sent you a text when your table was ready. This have me a chance to run to ESSC and have a few drinks beforehand. I would like to point out they have what looks like a wonderful bar upstairs that has love music and great seating. Once seated my eyes began to wonder the walls full of hilarious paintings and the numerous guitars that were shaped like Texas. Out server was fast and friendly. I had the Georgie boy burger, it was amazing. The bun was seriously one of the best I've had and the French fries were pretty darn good as well!  I was very pleased with how well things ran on opening weekend. This place is awesome, I can't wait to take in some live music with a great drink.  It's amazing to see how different this place looks now and it compliments the food perfectly. If things are on the same level the next time I go it will be a 5star review
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,2/19/2014,113,147,2,7,3>I went in for the first time during my Fort Worth bakery exploration kick. I tried Bluebonnet first, then Swiss--after Swiss, I stopped searching. I brought home a key-lime pie for the hubs, and a chocolate mousse pie for myself. We spent the next few days filling ourselves with pie! Both were excellent. The chocolate pudding/filling was probably the best I've ever had--so delicious. I can't wait to bring home another pie!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/18/2014,662,212,10,11,10>This kind of food makes me glad my family moved south. Hot biscuits with honey and butter- just slap me!!Babes is the kind of place that you want all the time.. it just makes you happy inside- all that southern fried goodness swimming around- you always leave feeling amazing.Everything here is served family style. Everyone sits down- pick the meat they want ( chicken strips, fried chicken,  chicken fried steak and some others I don't really remember) and all the sides are brought out. You get a very generous serving of meat and the sides and biscuits are unlimited! Yes you read it right- all the green beans, creamed corn and mashed potatoes and gravy you can shovel into your mouth.I will be the first to admit- creamed corn is weird. I could never figure out why some people felt compelled to eat something that looks like it has been halfway eaten already. But I don't know what kind of southern witchcraft is used in the kitchen here- its pretty damn amazing.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,2/17/2014,50,109,2,6,4>If you are looking for a delicious BBQ experience from a place that isn't main stream...then David's is the place for you!!!  Wow this BBQ was delicious.  Since they have been around since 1910, I would hope that they would know what they were doing.  The setting is very casual, with decor of good down home, southern photos and head shots of famous to semi famous folks who have hitched their horse outside and had a bite of Texas BBQ!  They have sandwiches and meal platters.  I went with the pick two meats platter. I got the brisket and turkey.  Brisket of course was tender and juicy and the turkey was surprisingly equally delicious.  I also had the baked beans and potato salad....both of which are some of the best I've every had.  I would like to mention their home made sauce.  A lot of sauces to mean can run too much on the sweet side.  Davids is the best mix of sweet and sour that I have tasted in a while.  This is a great place for families and kids as well as couples and friends.  What better way to get to know someone than over a plate of BBQ.  GO HERE!!!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,2/16/2014,68,134,2,5,6>My friend Joe and I dined here....me a repeat diner and him a first-timer.Chips and salsa was great, as usual.  I like the bean dip, and I don't like beans normally.  Joe loves refried beans, but isn't a fan of black beans, so he thought the dip was meh.I ordered the fajita enchiladas, which was two cheese enchiladas with chile sauce, and two slabs of fajita chicken and two of beef.  The chicken was moist, tender and very flavorful.  The beef was good also, but I liked the chicken more.  The enchiladas didn't have much cheese inside but the chile gravy was rich and hearty.Joe got the guiso de res, which is beef sautéed in a red sauce, served with bean soup and a salad.  The salad was lettuce with a slice of tomato, a chunk of avocado and no dressing...weird.  I liked his dish, as did he, but he noted the sauce had a distinct Worcestershire sauce taste, which it did.  He said it was good, but he'd never had such a taste in other dishes of the same item.He ordered a top shelf margarita, on the rocks, and it was $12 and was so strong it was almost not drinkable.  Better when the ice melted, but still pretty stout.  The waiter mentioned that the top shelf frozen ones were stronger than the on the rocks one, so we both considered that a challenge for a future visit!Our server, Carlos, was friendly, helpful and attentive, without being intrusive and we both appreciated that.  We will return....watch out frozen top shelf!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,2/15/2014,30,102,3,7,5>In an area of the country that doesn't boast much good Italian food, Bravo is truly an oasis.  I really enjoyed the Insalata Rustica, which had goodies such as dried cherries, apples and pecans to complement the veggies.  The shrimp napoli was also delicious, with a robust flavor and fresh-tasting shrimp.  I also sampled the chicken, spinach and bacon flatbread, which was mouthwatering.  I did not try the pasta but several of the entrees looked promising.Here's a tip for the value-oriented diner: in addition to the typical early happy hour specials that are only available when many are still at work, this location also has a late happy hour starting at 9PM.  There is a $3.95 appetizer menu and also $5 drink specials (including wine).  Thrifty diners who don't mind eating late can piece together a tapas-style dinner at a very reasonable price.  Shrimp Napoli is a can't miss at $3.95.  Service was friendly and attentive.  I also liked the open-kitchen design, which allows you to see the chefs in action.  Overall, my first visit to Bravo's was very enjoyable.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,2/14/2014,83,37,,3,2>This is my dream burger joint!I love this place down to the setup the ambience, the service and the burgers. Super authentic feel and raw, you know this place has been here forever because of the flavor of their burgers. Their sides are amazing; the large order of onion rings is huge (pretty much a whole onion cut up and deep fried into large pieces), and their fries are freshly cut (you can see them cut them up) and seasoned to just as you would expect. They have an assortment of sauces ranging from simple ketchup to Siracha sauce to help season your burger the way you want. They make burgers like they should be, good quality, semi-messi patty on a balanced tasting bun, with the perfect amount of toppings. They have a pretty varied menu of different varieties of burger combinations (including my favorite the Project X burger, which has a patty that is marinated in hot sauce and then grilled, to give it just the right kick in a super flavorful patty). They also have different types of hot dogs, melts and salads.This is the perfect burger spot, and the perfect place to eat them. A hidden gem that has stayed through the times in a little suburb of Fort Worth and cannot be beat in quality, flavor and charm.This place is a must go for burger junkies. Eating another burger is just not the same anymore.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,2/13/2014,9,100,,5,4>If you are interested in quality over quantity, then this is definitely the right place for you.  We finally found a not salty and non-greasy Mexican restaurant in Fort Worth.  We didn't have to chug water after our meal.  The sauces, spices and ingredients complemented each other very well.  You can taste the freshness of each ingredient and not just food covered in massive amount of creamy sauce or oil.  We started with the Flautitas de Pollo.  My hubby got the Arrachera tacos (steak skirt) and I got the Camaron taco (tiger shrimp).  We both loved our dishes.  The steak skirt was very tender and the shrimps were cooked just right.  If you are into spicy food, then be sure to ask for their habanero sauce.  You can actually taste the spiciness and not the saltiness of this sauce.  The only improvement would be for them to add more veggies in the tacos.  We missed Happy Hour by two minutes.  It is 4-6pm every day and you can have $2 tacos and $6 margaritas and sangrias.  We will definitely be back to try more dishes.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,2/12/2014,33,93,,6,3>This magnificent theater is tucked into the basement of the Sanger Lofts building at Sundance Square, it is in between Oliver's Deli and Leddy's Ranch clothing store, with a modest Red Sign (of Circle Theater) and the season premier displayed on the window which is easy to miss for the first timers.The Circle Theatre  itself is pretty small. There is an atrium with a ticket counter and a small / moderate concession area. The concession area has a few things including wine and beer, credit cards accepted for $5.00 and up, has comfortable seating couch, chairs, and high table. Drinks and food not allowed in the theater. The theater is divided into three sections of seats "Center, Right and Left wing", with great views from everywhere (we usually sit on the right wing). The seats themselves are padded and have armrests. The floors are clean (not sticky like some movie theaters).The employees (actors and staff) are all kind and friendly. The actors have come out after the show and have made pleasant conversation with their fans. (Ghost Writer)The plays on the Circle Theatre are nothing flashy like / or such as Broadway plays, I get the impression that they are not trying to compete with the blockbusters; The Lion King and Les Miserables, ect...The actors most of the time are local and non-touring group of professionals who act in these plays because they love it, this is their passion and it shows. Another remarkable thing I wanted to mention is that the 2014 Season its going to be the "33 Season" of the theater, which is quite impressive for this little town of Fort Worth. Surviving 33 years on business means that you are doing things right. :):)Overall, I'm hoping to bring more people to this lovely little spot. P.S: Right now "Too Many Cooks" it is playing, highly recommended, dramatic and funny (if that makes any sense). I had a great time, but I am a theatre lover and for few of you that don't enjoy theater as much give it a try at least, you'll be surprised.Hope and Gravity was hilarious, go and watch it please. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/11/2014,399,374,,5,4>Another absolutely incredible visit to Campisi's. We were in the mood for pizza and Campisi's fit the bill this evening. The crust was absolutely perfect and crisp and the toppings were ample, but not too much.Our server took excellent care of us. She kept our drinks filled and even offered us to-go cups for our drinks before we left. Our server was so friendly with an "eye for detail".We couldn't have asked for anything else. If you haven't tried Campisi's pizza, you need to make a point of doing do real soon. You won't be sorry. In fact, I feel you will leave with a VERY happy tummy and a smile on your face. :-)The restaurant is also very pleasant, some what dark and mysterious, but very comfortable. We are so glad that Campisi's now has a permanent location in Tarrant County.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,2/10/2014,75,237,3,5,3>Once you get around the idea that their doughnuts arent really doughnuts. (*whispers* "they're really pastries!!!!")They have alot of really awesome things going for them.1. They're open in the afternoon on Sundays2. They have friendly staff3. Their "doughnuts" are really amazingly good4. Their sign of a dude chomping down on a doughnut is easy to spot, artsy and pretty freaking awesome.I was a little worried when the girl at the counter explained their concept of doughnuts, because my husband is a doughnut snob and gets pretty fierce about his definitely of doughnuts, especially good doughnuts. Thankfully, he behaved today. After sighing a breath of relief, I ordered a doughnut topped with cream, sliced strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries and my husband opted for one topped with granola. They have a very simple setup and they put together your doughnut for you while you wait - thankfully ensuring that your doughnut doesnt prematurely turn soggy. I absolutely loved mine once it arrived! It was prettily decorated and the combination of ingredients made it taste light and fresh without being a overly heavy dessert.I'd definitely recommend this place and plan on coming back again. just dont be put off by the fact they call these things doughnuts.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/9/2014,67,49,7,9,6>Oh hey don't mind me down here....I am just wiping up the puddle of tears I just wept after eating at the Cane Rosso Fort Worth location. There's a new ruler when it comes to pizza in the Fort.....it's right here folks.....they stepped off their thrones in Dallas and waltzed into Fort Worth and erected their red & white tiled wood burning oven and now reign supreme as the rulers of pizza. The Zoli is still my favorite pizza hands down...but every once in a while I have to branch out...and that Gipsy Danger with it's sopressata marmalade is a close contender for my favorite....but this place also has incredible pastas and sandwiches. I've waited for this location to open for months now...several months....I've stalked them on social media and at their two other locations in Deep Ellum and White Rock....and now they are finally in my neighborhood....I have a feeling I will be putting a lot of Cane Rosso pizza boxes in my recycling bin on a weekly - sometimes daily basis.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,2/8/2014,81,320,,7,4>We stumbled upon this new restaurant the other night and thought we'd give it a try. We were pretty promptly greeted at the door, considering that there is no host and the waitresses seat you. There was a large party (maybe 12 people) and a few smaller parties in the main dining room; my husband and I were seated in the smaller dining area. Our waitress was extremely sweet and had a great tableside manner. Our appetizer came out in a reasonable amount of time, but by the time our entrees came out, we had been there for over 45 minutes. Good thing we weren't in a hurry. Somewhere in that wait time that large table got their orders, so maybe that was part of the backup? But it wasn't a packed house and there weren't many other people besides us and the large party. Maybe they're just ironing out the just-opened kinks in the kitchen. Regardless, we would definitely go back for that food. The hummus is spot-on. Hubby got the Sanai Feast to try out all of the meats and they were all good. I got the Chicken Red Sea Seesh Kebabs and my plate was wonderful. Between the hummus appetizer and our respective meals, we were both absolutely stuffed at the end of the meal. Shame because I would have loved to try their baklava.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/7/2014,257,111,4,9,8>Very cute little sushi restaurant with excellent customer service. We came on a super busy Saturday and they were slammed so they suggested we go somewhere else and come back later since they didn't want us waiting too long. My boyfriend and I decided we'd grab dessert first and then come back and by then, most of the people were gone and they were able to serve us a lot faster. The chef was very nice and brought us shishito peppers for our inconvenience earlier. The ahi tuna tower was good and very fresh and so were the rest of the rolls. The only one I didn't care for was the hamachi zest because it tasted a little off to me. Atmosphere and the people there are always welcoming and friendly.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/6/2014,734,274,2,6,5>My son is 15 and volunteers here on the weekend. The shelter is run by police officers and they do a great job of keeping the animals well taken care of. They do have a variety of pups and dogs that are looking for homes. This is a super easy place to find and bring home your next pet.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,2/5/2014,152,106,,5,5>I went to Stir-Crazy this summer and ended up just getting a Topo Chico and talking with the owner for a while. (Also I would like to note that the words "Topo Chico" come up in my reviews a lot.)In October, I commissioned Stir-Crazy to make me the best birthday cake on the planet. A gluten-free strawberry basil cake with lemon icing! Yuck, you say? Well you are WRONG. Even my father, who doesn't like anything with green in it, loved this cake. My mother also started giving away pieces at the bowling alley when I wasn't looking because she wanted everyone around us to know how great it was, too.(Once I caught her, I just carried the cake in its box around the bowling alley, protecting it.)Daily, they won't have gluten free things. But if you need to order a dozen cookies or something similar, she'll whip up some gluten free deliciousness for you.Pretty awesome. Local. Yummy. And kind owners.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,2/4/2014,49,178,,9,3>A superior experience with phenomenal food, outstanding service, and delicious drinks. We tried Koi Sushi Bar and Grill tonight for the first time. I can easily state there is no longer a need to go to Dallas or Fort Worth for superbly fresh, dynamically seasoned sushi,  which is served with flare, fanfare, and precision.  This place is going to put Arlington on the Sushi map as a destination. The sushi chefs combine for over 30 years of experience and it shows!!! The peppered tuna roll special, geisha roll, and California roll were artfully presented, seasoned well, demonstrated exacting knife skills, and of course tasted great!!! Ask for the Stir-fried spicy edamame, and you will have an appetizer that will knock your socks off. Scrumptious!!!!The service was welcoming and wonderful. 'Née' (sp) was the best waitress I have had in years!!! Not only did she know the menu, but saved us by catching an error in ordering  that we had made. She then insured that our dietary needs were accommodated by the kitchen staff.  Her knowledge of all aspects clearly belays the fact that she has worked at Koi since it opened. Retaining quality staff is a sign of a well run establishment. The whole staff was very efficient, as finished dishes were not on the table for a minute. The drinks....   We had a lychee martini and a Mai Tai. The martini was flavorful and refreshing. The Mai Tai was bold and yet hid the alcohol exceptionally well. The bar section had the game going, provided comfortable seating for someone looking for that elevated dinner and sports viewing, and this did not distract in the least from the intimate dining experience we had. Carol the owner was very gracious and humble. She clearly takes pride in the quality training of her staff, maintenance of her restaurant, and the quality of the food produced. She checked on each guest, and was a very attentive host. All the guests we saw were treated as valued patrons, and were genuinely asked if anything could be done to improve their meal. Koi just set the new bar for what it takes to get 5 stars. Next time we will be trying the volcano, see the last picture... We will definitely be back!!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/3/2014,98,153,2,5,5>This was by far my favorite part of the gardens. It's $5 a person but it was worth it. Everything was so well taken care of and just beautiful. The ponds were full of hungry koi fish that you can feed. Don't forget your quarters. We also saw cranes and fancy ducks. It was interesting seeing all the different kinda of grasses and bamboo. Don't forget to visit the gift shop as well. There are tons of cool goodies. My hubby bought a bonsai tree for only $20. The lady working the shop was very nice and explained who grew them and there was a phone number if we had any questions about the little tree. We will definitely be back here again. It was so peaceful and relaxing.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,2/2/2014,546,102,5,7,5>First time here last week, for HS reunion mixer. Man, this place is really cool. It's upstairs, and has a quaint feel to it. The drinks were flowing, and reasonably priced.Beware of the "shots!", they'll get ya! I must say the talent at those pianos were A+. Those guys could play anything, and sang the hell outta those songs. You can go and put your request in, and they will play whatever you request. It's amazing they know such a variety of songs.As the night went on, and the alcohol became more prevalent, the more fun the paino dudes were. It was a blast!I will definitely go back and party with these folks!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/1/2014,47,98,2,6,3>Just want to continue to shower Le Peep with love and praise and all things good. It kills me that there aren't more people devouring their delicious gifts every time I go for lunch during the week. I've never ordered anything I didn't like... and they will always work with you if you want to customize something. P.S. There are weekday breakfast and lunch specials that make it super affordable (check the pictures for the full listing). And they have a $35 coupon book that never expires with tons of really useful coupons. Love me some savings!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/31/2014,0,14,2,5,2>Whew, what a relief. I just returned to the DFW area after living in Chicago for the past 7 years. I was really concerned/terrified/nauseated about having to find a new hair place, because my hair isn't really like many of the ladies I see around. It's short and platinum, and yes I'm aware that makes me sound like Miley Cyrus, but I cut my hair before she did. I'm not saying she copied me, just LOOK AT THE FACTS.Anyway, Krystal did an excellent job matching my previous color, in fact the color process took less time than I was used to at my former salon. Less time, same result, hooray!She was very careful cutting my hair, checking in with me several times and making adjustments as she went. The result is great and I will definitely keep visiting CUT.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,1/30/2014,68,226,,5,1>A Great Dog Park!This dog park has everything from trails to walk on, play areas for large and small dogs, benches for you to sit on while you watch your dog play with the other dogs... as well as lights for nighttime.  The is one of the most well kept dog parks I have ever seen.  When you arrive there is parking near the animal clinic, and you can leash your dog and walk to either the large or small dog section.  If the play areas are not for you there are bike and walking trails that go on for miles and you can take your dog on a long walk.  But opt for the play area and the dog will have water, and poop bags are provided as well.  There are now plenty of benches to relax and wait until your dog is ready to go home and the play areas are huge so your dog has room to roam, and run or seek out adventure, but they are fenced in so that you dont have to worry about your pet getting lost.  This is a Great Dog park!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,1/29/2014,3,15,1,4,3>Yum, yum, yum!As I've mentioned in previous reviews, it's really hard for me to find burgers that I enjoy because I'm ridiculously picky.  I definitely found them at Rodeo Goat, though!I've been twice now and both times it has been great.  The first time I had the Whiskey Burger, which was amazing.  I was nervous about the blackberry compote at first, but it added a great touch to the burger.  The second time I went really impressed me, however.  A large group of us went to Rodeo Goat at around 11:00am on New Year's Eve, for a going away party.  We had originally tried a Mexican food place nearby, but they were closed, so the friend the party was for suggested Rodeo Goat.  Even though there were 11 of us, the waitress was attentive, polite, and efficient.  We all received our burgers just has we had ordered them, even those with special requests.  That day, I chose one of the specials, which had the burger patty, crispy ham, sweet dijon sprouts, red onion, and roasted pimento blue cheese.  It was outstanding!  I prefer my burgers cooked well done and both times I've been, they've cooked them perfectly to my liking.  The burgers are so filling that I never finish the fries, but they're tasty as well.  Also a must try - the chips and queso. The drinks are a little pricey, but good.  The moontang is a fun adult throw-back to childhood.  It tastes like slushy Sunny D, almost!  So good!  We ended up being there for 3 hours total, eating, drinking, and saying our farewells to our dear friend.  We were never rushed or made to feel like we were imposing.  It was a wonderful experience from beginning to end.  Just a couple of notes! When you walk in, there are tons of tables with barstools.  In the back however, there are "normal" tables and booths.  If you plan on being there for a while, you may want to sit back there.  It's definitely more comfy!  Also, it IS a little more expensive than your normal burger place.  Most burgers at RG are $9-$12, with fries being extra.  With drinks, it can add up quick.Definitely worth it, though!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,1/28/2014,45,73,8,11,6>Its located in a shopping center with a gas station, a carniceria, a panaderia, and one other shop I don't remember. Parking is terrible. Yellow belly original Coors is the only draft beer. They have bottles of other brands/flavors/taste. You have a full bar of liquor at your disposal. I don't know if they have food...although if they did I don't know if I would eat it. There's a taco truck that posts up outside that is delicious though. It's dark inside and yes the ventilation kinda sucks so you'll smell like smoke after. Not a problem if you're a smoker though, am I right?!Every time I have been here I've had a good time. The next day is always miserable because I'm too hungover to function. Several times I've gotten the pleasure of going back the next day for my debit card. The crowd is mostly older regulars but lately a lot of TCU kids are going slumming here. Dressing up in their frattiest best to hit up the local dive. Meh. They have pool tables and karaoke two nights a week. I sincerely enjoy watching karaoke here. It's both amazing and terrible. I was once here when a couple had their wedding reception? or reception after party? something....I just know they brought their wedding cake and shared it with everyone in the bar. She was in a black dress and karaoked a song to her new husband. Memories.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,1/27/2014,356,554,4,9,5>We love it here!  The ambience is so nice.  The quality of the food here is really good.  Everything is really fresh.  The crab wontons are fantastic.  The eggrolls are really big and filled with fantastic flavor.  The Vietnamese flavored wings are fantastic!  They have the perfect crunch at each bite.  I ordered the Grilled Pork Banh Mi here.  The bread is so soft and fresh.  They don't skimp on the pork and it was perfectly seasoned.  They have a special blend mayo that goes perfect with the sandwiches.  The lemon grass beef is one of the best I've ever tasted here on the Banh Mi someone at the table ordered.    We have enjoyed our experience here each time even though the service is a hit or miss.  The first time we came, we didn't get half of our order and had to ask the wait staff quite a number of times on the status of our order.  Charles, the owner, is very friendly and came and checked on us a few time.  Can't wait to come back here!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,1/26/2014,55,175,2,3,2>Had not visited since my last visit with Marc M and friends, so decided to take my two youngest for my birthday dinner last week....with the new competition in Southlake, I was interested to see how Patrizio's was responding....Well, I am pleased to report that food, service, and ambiance were just as wonderful as my previous visit!!!  The kiddos LOVED the Calimari (frankly as good as I have ever tasted...wonderful light batter), pasta with sun dried tomatoes, and chicken parm...and I loved the Conchiglie con Spinaci..again!  Dessert of Italian Cream Cake was enjoyed by all....and our waitress was absolutely wonderful...attentive, engaging, and friendly.  I appreciated how hard she worked with an adjacent table to make a wine selection...great service attitude!!Patrizio's remains an absolute favorite.  And while I may never have the Check Ins of Marc M (38 and counting....how can he eat like this and stay so fit), I will never refuse an invite or request to dine at this Southlake Gem!!!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,1/25/2014,88,258,6,12,6>When we bought a house in Grapevine, one of my only requirements was that we needed to be walking distance to Main Street. There are so many things to love here, and even if you don't have money to blow, it's a great area to get some walking done while doing some people watching.Places you should definitely check out while you're here:Grapevine Olive Oil Company - Come in and try their ridiculous assortment of olive oils and vinaigrettes. Free samples all day, every day. Palace Theatre - They are always showing awesome throwback movies, everything from Hitchcock to Jurassic Park.Su Vino Winery - I guarantee you will like at least one wine here. Do a tasting and get a wine glass to take home!La Buena Vida Vineyards - Best patio in Grapevine, possibly the world.Don't forget to look at the creepy child's coffin on display with the carriage, take a peek in the historic prison, take a stupid picture with any of the various statues, and enjoy the free wifi.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,1/24/2014,13,27,,10,4>I came here because a friend suggested I try this place. I read some of the reviews and was a little hesitant but I was very impressed with their customer service. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly and courteous. I did have to wait a while but that was only because I requested one specific nail technician, Yen. I wanted a design and was recommended to her. She did not disappoint and to be honest, the work looks so good that it should be on a magazine ad. Yen was very friendly, professional, and sociable but her work really speaks for itself. The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 rating is because of the price. It seemed a little high to me but then again I've never had the gel polish and rhinestones before. Other than that it was a great experience and I will return  to get a fill.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,1/23/2014,107,119,5,12,4>I had a sushi craving at 8:30 at night.  I hadn't even noticed this place on 26 even after all the times I drive right by it.  Yelp says its the best in the area, and open until 10.  Game on.  Let's give it a try.I originally was going to just get some sushi to go, since I was by myself.  There wasn't a single car in the parking lot, which is always a scary sign.  Then I realized that it was now 9pm.  I walked in and was greeted by the chef, the hostess, and my waitress all at the same time.  I decided that I wouldn't mind eating here and having some fun conversation with bored employees.  I sat myself at the sushi bar.I asked for a Sapporo and was very quickly brought one.  I filled out my sushi order and handed it to the chef.  She told me all about her family in Korea, and her 2 kids that she has here.  She did that while slicing some great looking tuna and salmon.  After about 5 minutes of work, she handed me my plate full of 16 pieces of assorted sushi.  I went to work.Their peppered tuna was about an 8/10. Could have used a bit more searing.  The yellowtail was great, about a 9/10.  Salmon was a 10/10, as was the regular tuna.  Flying fish eggs were delicious.   Great color and flavor, 10/10.  Unagi had a bit too much sauce on it, 7/10.  I also got a spider roll.  The flavor was great, but the pieces were just too big.  I have an enormous mouth and I am still saying they were too big.  7/10 for that. I finished around 9:40 and was brought a check and the typical sushi orange.My experience was great, and I would love to come back again soon.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/22/2014,80,228,,4,4>Looking for a place to hang with your friends and drink your cares away? Look no further!Came here with some friends and had a blast. The drinks are good (and some even say strong) and so is the food. The tacos are a must!Also check out their brunch! You will not be disappointed!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,1/21/2014,135,233,4,10,5>This place is nothing short of revelatory. Okay, maybe that's a bit strong, but still... I really enjoyed this place and it's such a great addition to the Magnolia foodie scene.A cheese place, you say? Yes, a cheese place. But not just a cheese place, it's also a restaurant that calls itself a "scratch kitchen," meaning that they make everything in-house (aside from the bread, which, to their credit, they get from fort worth), from scratch, and without using a freezer. Or fryer. So yeah, their food is fresher and made in-house. Their menu also adapts to the seasons, which adds another level of legitimacy and awesomeness to what they do. And the ambience and decor of the place--so pleasant and your-friendly-neighborhood-ish. The wooden tables and chairs are all different, drinks are served in mason jars, lots of natural light in the place; in addition, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about their food and seem genuinely happy to be working there.Came with some friends and we started off with a cheese plank, specifically the American Artisan. I can't remember all the names of the cheeses, but there was a good assortment along with date jam, sliced baguette, curried pecans, grapefruit and other fruits, and some vinegars drizzled on the planks as well. They were really interesting in taste--all of them with various flavor profiles--and elegantly presented. We all got different dishes for ourselves, I got the Ol' Spaniard, which is a sourdough sandwich with serrano ham, manchego cheese, house made date jam, and kale. It's a really creative sandwich and everything in it seems to all make sense and complement the other ingredients. The sweetness of the manchego and date jam go well with the serrano, yet the kale just cuts into the overall taste really nicely. A friend ordered the Beef and Cheddar. I'm getting tired of writing, but all I gots to say is that this ain't your normal beef and cheddar yo. You get real good chunks of beef in that sandwich, really juicy, red wine braised chunks of beef.The cheesecake is also amazing. However, if you like your cheesecakes on the hard side, you're out of luck, because this is a tad softer than most cheesecakes most of us are used to. But it's still delicious and its crust has a maple syrup either drizzled on it or mixed into it. Either way, it's really good.Can't wait to come back, Magnolia Cheese is for realsies.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,1/20/2014,43,145,2,7,3>Eddie V's has long been on my list to try and Restaurant Week presented the perfect opportunity. Despite my misgivings that I always feel like one of the Clampetts going to Beverly Hills whenever we do a restaurant week outing, it is a great way for us average joe's to try out such fine dining places as Eddie V's all the while experiencing a good sample of their menu. My choices were: Appetizers - lobster bisque and a sauteed scallop (specialty course)Main Course - Sauteed North Atlantic CodDessert - Belgian Chocolate MousseWe also ordered a few sides for the table, the mac and cheese and the Crab Fried Rice and Mushrooms. Topping it off with everyone rolling with the wine pairings, our dinner was all set.The lobster bisque was pretty amazing, definitely the best bisque I have had. Extremely creamy and tasty, it is one of those dishes that can easily become a favorite. The specialty course item, the Sauteed Scallop, was great as well. For the main course, I chose the Cod over the salmon and the meat medallions as, Eddie V's is a seafood place and you can get salmon almost anywhere. The Sauteed Cod was solid.  Just a nicely cooked, large white chunk of cod. I think our side dishes we ordered, the mac and cheese and fried rice, nearly stole the show. The mac and cheese, like the bisque, was extremely rich and was a favorite of everyone at the table. I was literally so full off the sides and the other dishes, I didn't have much room for the dessert. The spoonful I did try of the Chocolate Mousse was quite good, so all in all, a great experience. Should you got to Eddie V's for a restaurant week, I definitely recommend the wine pairings. We were all pretty impressed how well each of the wines truly complemented all the dishes and for a wine novice (scotch is my game) its nice to get a bit more exposure with that. So after several lackluster Restaurant Week outings in recent years, having a great experience at Eddie V's was quite welcome. I am interested to try the other aspects of the menu, but honestly, I think I could just go back for the bisque and mac and cheese alone.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/19/2014,111,121,3,3,2>Jonesing for an awesome breakfast while being adventurous, my girl and I decided to give Brewed a shot. Little did we know that Brewed had only recently started a breakfast service. And I am SURE glad they did. While the eggs were....standard, and the coffee was a little expensive, the sausage surprisingly made up for it. Made-from-scratch, the spicy, flavorful sausage made the meal a fiesta! My girl had the waffle and bacon (also high quality, ridiculously thick slices) and loved how crispy and soft her waffle was. We will surely be back for the evening food and drink (of which I've only heard good things)
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2013,1/18/2014,41,191,,4,2>Great atmosphere, great service, great food! We went in the afternoon with a party of 9, so we found sitting on the patio. It was very hot, but they do have fans blowing everywhere. Inside is small, so not great for big parties.They are famous for their burgers; it was too hot to eat a big burger, so I tried the crispy bacon cheese fries. They were delicious! I highly recommend them if you like greasy fries (I had been drinking, so it was heaven for my belly!) My husband ordered the serrano burger and it was delicious as well. I don't recommend the patio on a hot summer day, but this place would be great during the spring or fall. I will definitely  be back on a cooler day!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/17/2014,28,10,4,12,3>This place just opened on January 1st, replacing the recently retired Siam Off the Square.  While I can't really compare the food to that of Siam Off the Square (I'd been ages ago and never returned since I wasn't a fan), I can say that this is easily the best Thai food that Denton has seen since Little Thai left us years ago.  I can actually bring my mother here.  The jaws of anyone who has met my mother just dropped.  My mother, being Thai, is a bit of a hard-eyed Thai food snob...a lovable hard-eyed Thai food snob...but still.  She tries to soften the blow of her harsh reviews, but has been known to slip out a query of "Are you even Thai?" accidentally before retracting her claws and staying her unblinking stare.The Tom Kha Gai was as solid as any place I've had it around here, having the Denton norm of white mushrooms rather than canned straw mushrooms.  I'm a freak that likes the canned straw mushrooms.  I also like them in meatloaf--try it before you knock it.  Still, the Tom Kha was awesome--hitting the perfect citrus note without losing any of its creaminess to sour.  Order the large bowl and eat it with rice.  Bring friends so you can share this as an appetizer.  You'll thank me.My table ordered a variety of curries, stir fried dishes, and noodles.  It was all amazing. The balance on every dish was terrific.  Our proteins varied between beef, chicken, and salmon. They were all cooked perfectly. Also, our server was delightful and one of the owners dropped by to chat about the food and check in on us.  Everyone was charming, and during early talks with our server, I was happy to find out that, given the owners' long history of restaurant work, making sure that staff is treated fairly is high on their list of importance.  Yeah, I just phrased that awkwardly, but I hope you understand just how special a quality that is.  Restaurant workers of the world, you know what I mean.One last thing:  Try the ice cream.  It's amazing.  They have Thai tea ice cream which I thought sounded appalling and fortunately was forced to try it.  The coconut is a dream, of course, but the Thai tea just put us all in a state of awe.So go to this place, try it.  Take a first date there to make a good impression.  You're welcome.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/16/2014,42,63,,4,3>I'm surprised with how much I enjoyed this. Have had several other popular taco joints, and wasn't too impressed. Tried this for the first time yesterday on opening night. I had the spicy chicken tikka masala with a side of roasted potatoes (delicious crispy potatoes with garlic, parsley, lemon, and cream). I love how the flavors are bold and different from what you can get anywhere else. Tad bit pricey though.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/15/2014,121,311,2,6,6>Service !! Service!! Service!! Went here on NYE with some other yelpers and  have to say that they did a good job. So u tried the peanut butter and jelly wings which were interesting and I would try again. The winners for me were their fried chicken sliders and the beef bourguignon. That chicken with a pickle slice and honey. Hmm I could have eaten 6 of those.  Then the beef bourguignon  which was so tender and flavorful.  . The puff pastry with a slight flackiness.  Yum and more Yum.  I only tasted that because  I ordered the shrimp and grits.  The Shrimp were nice and big but the grits were a little to sandy for my taste.  I know weird to say since it's grits. The menu had a lot if gluten free options which is great for your friends with special diets.  I will be there for lunch to try those pancakes or waffles.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2013,1/14/2014,297,590,,4,5>Pretty typical fair here. It's a bit on the larger side and the produce section is nice. It's usually all fresh as well, so I don't worry that its about to turn. They have a HUGE selection of fresh hand made noodles. I'm not that big of a fan of the meat department. I don't want to argue over which slab of pork belly I want! Just give me the one I'm pointing to. LOL. They also don't carry yuzu- which is a bit irritating. I do love the china isle though. They have the wee blue and white dragon rice bowls that I use for everything, so frequently have to replace!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,1/13/2014,1341,757,6,11,9>Belly dancing and BYOB... need I say more??This restaurant is a little gem in the middle of Arlington. The restaurant itself is very cute. There are belly dancing and fairly loud music to get your attention whenever the dancer is about to shake what her mother gave her. I came here on a Saturday night and had a pleasant dinner. The appetizer was great. We had the yogurt dill dip and it came with unlimited grilled pita bread. I was full almost from the bread itself. It was almost the perfect pita. It was soft, warm, and very addicting. The two entrees were on the salty side. The baked tilapia plate was very generous. It came with three filets, a heaping scoop of rice and a small salad. Paul H. had the lamb shish and the lamb gyro. Both were too salty for my liking. The lamb shish was really tender though. I wonder if I could ask them to adjust the seasoning a bit. The flavor was definitely there.I didn't have space to enjoy some dessert but I do intend to return because I enjoyed the service and the ambiance.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/12/2014,147,187,3,6,4>Ugh, it's places like Salsa Limòn where I question why i love tacos. Whyyy is the meat always made to order and so juicy and rich? WHYYYY is the cole slaw so crisp and fresh?? Whyyyy Salsa Limòn is your salsa so spicy and flavorful? Why must you create such a perfect creation to fill my needs sober and drunk???!! Whatever. No matter your sexual preference, Salsa Limòn will fill your taco craving.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,1/11/2014,107,48,4,3,4>Usually I write funny reviews. It's kind of "my thing". But I have nothing funny to say about Caesar Island. It's not funny. It's just good.The food is good. Really good. We've tried a few things on the menu (dolma, gyro salad, greek salad - all good) but the gyro and the spicy hummus are out of this world. Not funny.The gyro is not like any I've ever had. The meat is spiced perfectly and so tender. And the thing is huge and loaded with lettuce and tomatoes and onions and perfectly balanced with homemade tzatiki. Not funny.The owners are friendly and helpful and fun... but not funny.Here's an idea... change up your football day routine, ditch the pizza, and get a bunch of items off the menu and take it home for a Mediterranean feast!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,1/10/2014,127,180,1,11,6>Since I didn't work today I had the chance to stop here to try it out unfortunately they were all out of mostly everything.  We got there at 2 pm and everything was sold out except a few pieces of catfish and sides. I have never liked catfish but that is all they had so I took it!I fell in love with their mac and cheese, wow! delicious. and the peach cobbler was amazing with ice cream on top.  The catfish was good and I have never liked catfish before so that should say a lot. hushpuppies were wonderful.  Hopefully I get a chance to try it out another day and get there early.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/9/2014,298,874,,6,4>So I started this review a month or so back and in my draft I had written, "A retractable awning out front, to cover the picnic tables, would be a huge improvement."Well low and behold on a recent drive by I noticed that Billadelphia's now has covered their outdoor seating area. Very cool! Billadelphia's is my top "go to" place when I'm craving a cheese-steak. It's also a very convenient location, and except for the lack of any indoor seating (unless you count your car), it is a great place. I don't stray too far from my choice of steak, provolone cheese (I find the Whiz too salty) and peppers. I'm never disappointed. In fact just typing this review is making me hungry. If you don't already have a "Frequent Buyer Club" card, be sure to ask for one. After 7 sandwiches the eighth one is on Bill.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/8/2014,332,311,1,10,3>In a restaurant rich area, DFG is a gem!  The popular Dallas hot spot comes to Southlake, which is the headquarters for the Del Friscos Group.Optional/free starter is Pretzel bread with honey mustard butter - unique and to die for!  My 5 year old daughter ate two loaves by herself.Ahi Tacos are their signature appetizer.  The Wife is not a fan of "raw", so we skipped it even though I wanted to try,Signature cocktail is a vodka infused pineapple martini with an orange twist. I don't know how much alcohol is in them, but it went down very easily and we could "sip" them all night.  But we don't want to be "Those Parents"! The wine list is 15 pages long, thoughtfully organized by color/type and then by region - lots to choose from and not all that high-end!There are several salads that are perfect size to accompany a meal - I had their house salad, which is basic greens, carrots, vinaigrette, two strips of crispy bacon, and my wife had the wedge.  Steaks are what made Del Friscos famous and the same meat is served here as what is in the Double Eagle steakhouses: Prime beef and it even comes with a potato cake on the side.  The steak was perfectly cooked- I ordered mine medium rare and the wife ordered her filet well.  They also had the timing down well-I am a slow eater and took a while on my salad; both steaks came out nicely after I was finished. Kudos to our server.There are several sides besides the potato cake that comes with signature dishes.  We enjoyed sides of creamed kale with roasted pistachios - YUM!  Five different types of sautéed mushrooms - double yum with the steak!We finished with the chocolate molten cake with vanilla ice cream- probably unnecessary, but a big hit with The Daughter.Bailey was our server - despite being open recently, they have hired an experienced staff!  We were also greeted by Sabrina, Matt and Gordon, who were all gracious and personable.When we go back (note I did not say IF - this is a well-deserving 5 star review ), I shall order the martini, salad and steak again.  The rest was good, but as a meal this is enough greatness for me.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,1/7/2014,243,187,,7,4>Being the newest restaurant to open in Mansfield this extension of the popular Arlington eatery brings it's high-quality ingredients, diverse menu and friendly smiles to my neck of the woods.We stopped in on opening night and while service was going through training, the food hit the marks on all points.Recommended items are the soups, the Shaken Beef, the Grilled (anything) springrolls and the boba teas.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/6/2014,135,469,,6,4>I had to come back and share with y'all how impressed I am with the nice folks at Big D.  When I wrote my last review, the only thing I had any criticism for was the mac'n'cheese, which wasn't bad but could have been better.  Jordy wrote me and asked what I thought he could do to improve upon it.  I gave my thoughts on the subject and went about my merry way.Today (a couple weeks after the original visit) my husband and I went down there for lunch, and I ordered a rib plate with potato salad and cole slaw.  When Jordy brought my lunch, he brought a side of mac & cheese along with it and said "he'd been working on it."  Not only was it much improved, but I am really impressed with the fact that he took the time to act on my small piece of constructive criticism and with such good humor about it.  This kind of service really makes Big D stand out;  these guys want to be the best they can be and earns them their fifth star.I also discovered today that they use all organic ingredients and (as I suspected) everything is homemade.  They also have tweaked the potato salad recipe a little, and I think it was even better than my first visit (and it was very good then!)  I am confident that we're going to be regulars and we wish them a long and prosperous future.PS.  Their spicy sauce is SPICY.  The regular has some kick to it.  They also have a mild.  I think the regular is right-on-the-spot, but choose according to your tastes.  My hubby really liked the sausage.  I didn't try it, as I'm not a smoked sausage fan in general and wouldn't do it justice.  I am looking forward to trying the pulled pork next time.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,1/5/2014,60,126,1,7,3>This was a tough call for stars.  I still kinda want to give it four instead of three.  I may still.  It's a neat place, but I often groan when it's suggested.The location is nice.  As other have pointed out, it is not big enough to hold the crowd that it attracts on music nights.  It's kind of a pain to find somewhere to sit and there's not a lot of area to stand.  What I don't understand is the complaints that no one is there to seat you or tell you to seat yourself.  I can't remember the last time I was seated or instructed on where to sit at a bar.  Walk in.  Sit down.  Order beer.  At any rate, it's a nice looking place and fairly comfy if you can find a place to sit.  And it's too loud (I feel like I'm saying this a lot lately.  Hopefully I'm not getting too old.)The beer selection is outstanding.  It really is.  With Blue Danube and the Arlington Flying Saucer out of business, this is really the only place in Arlington that has depth and variety of this kind.  It's pretty great.Waitstaff is hit or miss.  The bartenders are usually pretty knowledgeable, but table service has a pretty wide range from great to negligent.  Also from knowledgeable to not at all.  I find the service usually suffers on music nights and on the patio.Speaking of the patio, if the weather will cooperate it's a great spot.  It's a great winter patio as well.  The seating is spacious, comfortable, and can get a pretty good sized group feeling close, yet comfy.My main gripe here is the prices.  You come to expect this to an extent, but World of Beer seems to price on a whole different level.  Other area bars will charge five bucks or so for a beer that will cost over eight here.  It's a little nuts and always a mood killer.  I mean, they're really the only place in the city that's playing at this level, so they can afford to charge whatever they want because there's just no other competition in Arlington for this much selection.  Luckily, we do have places with decent selections and good prices.Basically, I head in every now and again to see what's new and when the weather is nice for the patio.  Ah, hell.  I'll give it the fourth star.  It's a good place, just too expensive.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/4/2014,26,111,,4,2>This place could sit right next to the definition of DIVE BAR in the dictionary, if the dictionary were cool and hip and stuff!  I've visited several times in the past month and each time I feel more and more comfortable even though I am usually the oldest person there, lol.  They have a great drink combo menu.  In it they pair a shot with a certain beer.  Excellent way to sample a kind you normally wouldn't even know existed.  Speaking of beers this place carries some really different, local, small brewery beers.  Every bartender I have encountered at Ozzie's has been friendly, out-going and very well informed about the beer they sell.  We stayed much longer than we had planned because this place is just that kind of place, the one you want to hang out in all night..
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,1/3/2014,52,91,,5,1>So you want to go somewhere for breakfast where you can eat good food and sit and enjoy your morning.  IHOP seems too crowded and commercial.  Waffle House isn't sounding right.  Denny's neither.  Starbucks? Nope.  And you want something more exciting than just your local donut shop.Enter Glazed Doughnuts & Cafe.  Or should I say ENTER HEAVEN.  First off, the place is decorated with a bit of Parisian flair, without being overwhelming.  Beautifully bright, clean floors and tables and a sitting area where even the manliest man is proud to sit in a beautiful black and white Damask covered chairs (I know this because a group of 3 brawny guys were sitting there when I went).  The bathrooms are large and clean.  There's even cool water they keep out for everyone, often flavored by slices of limes, lemons or oranges.I've been a few times and have enjoyed a number of the doughnuts and even had the hot Chicken Caesar Sandwich.  And everything was freshly prepared and so delicious.You know what this would be perfect for?  A date spot for two.  Or a celebratory breakfast for a few.  Or just because it's a day that ends in Y and you'd like to enjoy your breakfast while staying away from a drive-thru for a minute.  There's also free wifi so that sounds like a reasonable location for some Out-Of-Office work time, don't you think?
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,1/2/2014,21,86,2,6,5>Attended the Yelp! Elite event on Thursday and found this to be a place to revisit and take in a movie (or two, as they're double features each time, with three screens!).I haven't been to a drive-in since I was knee-high to a grasshopper, as the saying goes, but I remember what fun it was to enjoy the outdoors a bit while also taking in some entertainment of the film variety. The eats area is fantastic! it's large by compare to the standard old version of a snack window; lots of covered areas for daylight visits. They passed out samples of their fried catfish and sliders, and YUM. I never thought I'd say that about catfish. Mind blown. That night they had a couple food trucks as well, though I'm not sure if it's a long-term idea to have them. I think a great idea, as there are so many good ones to cycle through in funkytown.Overall, great use of otherwise wasted and abandoned space along the river. Adds to the constantly evolving Fort Worth entertainment options in a way that is unique and fun for everyone.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,1/1/2014,5,31,,2,1>This place has great sushi with a low key and relaxing environment. An option if wanting a break from the louder, trendier Sushi Axiom or Blue. You get Miso soup and a small house salad with your order. It has a nice and soothing atmosphere. I recommend the Cherry Blossom and Rainbow Roll. The staff is always polite and reliable. Don't underestimate it by the strip that it is in. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,12/31/2013,263,371,3,6,4>I take my Brussels Griffon mix here weekly. She loves running around and meeting strangers. You can find her hanging out by the gate and greeting people and their dogs as they walk in.I cannot fault Fort Woof's facilities. This park is always clean. It has a little obstacle course, scattered trees, doggie water stations, and places for the humans to sit. I have found most of the other owners here are friendlier and more social than strangers typically are. Nevertheless, Kiki and I involuntarily leave about 30-50% of the time. She's almost too small. She weighs 5 pounds and thus stays in the small dog park. I take issue with people bringing their large dogs into the small dog side. Kiki has gotten stepped on by these larger dogs badly enough that she wanted to leave. Once, some chick brought a young puppy of some large dog breed over to the small side after it wasn't getting along too hot on the big side. It then promptly tried to attack Kiki. Another time, someone's little kid kept picking Kiki up, which Kiki tolerated patiently. Then the kid started to toss her around. I'm not about to discipline other people's kids nor teach them a thing or two about "good touch;" I'm just going to grab my dog and GTFO.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,12/30/2013,39,4,,6,2>Every time I eat here I ask myself,  "why don't you come here more often?"   This is about as good as it gets for mexican street tacos north of the Rio Grande.  Today I had 3 beef tacos with white onion and both the red and green sauces and a lime wedge for juice for each one as well.  I know they don't take Credit cards, but that's not a problem for me.  My meal was value priced and the food was darn good. They also make their salsa from scratch with only fresh produce and it's by far the best in Fort Worth.  Don't let the neighborhood scare you off.  This place is clean and the staff is very friendly inside.  Go and try it out.  Everything I have had off the menu was outstanding.  This is a gem on the  near Southside of Fort Worth.   Vamos!!!!!!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,12/29/2013,0,1,1,6,2>Shampoo is one of my favorite things about Fort Worth!  When I moved to Fort Worth 7 years ago from LA, I was terrified to have my hair done... Images of the show Dallas haunted me, I was sure my sleek style would become Texas Big Hair.  I would fly back whenever I could for highlights, my dark roots were in a tangle.  Until one day when I spotted a great blonde who referred me to Josh.  My hair has never looked better!  Shampoo is my secret beauty getaway, relaxing, chic and modern.  The staff is friendly and knowledgable with styling you can trust.  Thanks Shampoo!!!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,12/28/2013,9,8,,7,2>This place was awesome.  Couldn't even finish my sandwich and fries, it was so big.  I wasn't too familiar with cheesesteaks, but my wife and I can see this becoming a regular stop for us.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,12/27/2013,30,171,,4,1>We've dined at Capital Grille twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner.  Our previous lunch experience was good, though what stood out the most was that our server was a little "green" and didn't provide the service that one would expect from a fine dining restaurant.  Our dinner dining experience was near perfect but for the snafu that we ran into with the wine list.  Starting with the food - all was excellent - what you'd expect from a fine dining steakhouse.  They offer quite a few seafood options, particularly in the appetizer menu.  Service was great as well, we had several people tending to us, so all was good there.  The problem with the wine list was that 1) they were out of our first choice wine, and 2) the vintage for the second wine we chose from the wine list was different than the year they had in stock - a one year difference.  They offered to get us another wine if we didn't like it, but as it turned out the wine was just fine.  They have an excellent wine list and if you have the means, you can have a wine lockers there with your wines (that you purchase from the restaurant); and if you have a wine locker there, you get invited to exclusive wine events plus have the opportunity to purchase select wines at a discount - none of this is inexpensive, let me assure you. I'm still giving them 5 start because they are the real thing - what fine-dining strives for.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,12/26/2013,195,245,2,3,3>When UTA got this Diggs, I was beyond excited. I had heard about their quesadillas. BUT me only being on campus once a week at night, kinda threw a kink in my excitement. So bringing books back with the little one posed the opportunity to get a bite finally and boy was I pleased. I don't know about their tacos or anything, but friendly service and killer quesadillas (and great queso) have me wanting some more!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/25/2013,103,100,1,8,3>Nice place. Stopped in this morning for some breakfast tacos (seriously, why the heck are breakfast tacos not really a thing here?) and ended up ordering some regular tacos instead. Even though they weren't really doing anything but breakfast, they insisted on making them for me anyway. And I thought they were really good - meat was flavorful, limes, cilantro and onions were fresh, and the salsas were great.Overall, this place is exactly what Media Naranja (the most recent occupant of this space) should have been in my mind - a place with a great taqueria-meets-more traditional Mexican food vibe, straightforward and few frills. It's been remodeled and is quite nice, actually, and you wouldn't hesitate at all to sit and stay awhile.If you're a usual of The Usual, you might recognize Juan as one of the owners here as well, and judging by what I had today, they know exactly what they're doing. Definitely worth trying.Ninja edit: I went back and had the pozole. Go. Go try the pozole. It's incredible.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,12/24/2013,62,84,2,3,4>Bending your body in weird unnatural ways doesn't sound pleasant, but at Sunstone Yoga, you learn to love it. Sunstone yoga offers various classes of hot yoga at either 90 or 98 degrees. Most classes are an hour, but there are a few half an hour classes, and one for an hour and a half. There are three levels of membership, but I suggest the signature membership. You are allowed to bring a guest each time. My husband and I go together and it's a great deal! Plus the more classes you attended, the less you pay. The studio is always clean and they provide towels and mats to their members. The instructors are knowledgable and I learn something different from each one. sunstone yoga. Sign up! Yoga will really enhance your life.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,12/23/2013,82,285,,5,5>How could you not love a place that serves up beer brat corn dogs?! I kinda fell in love with this place. The converted house feel is equal parts comforting and fun. The service was plenty laid back for a Friday afternoon Happy Hour, where I fell in total love with Revolver Blood and Honey - I seem to have a knack for finding a favorite summer brew at the tail end of summer. The Velvet Revolver was aptly named. Definitely had fun tasting the different draft beers. The food wasn't the best, but we had a great time trying a variety of items. including fried green tomatoes, fried mushrooms, beer brat corn dogs (ultimately a little greasy, but still pretty tasty). The batter for these items was more of a batter fry rather than a flour or cornmeal base, which made them a little different. I had a little bacon and grilled cheese envy from a co-worker's order. I'll definitely check that out next time - because I have every intention of going back. I'm excited for the temps to cool down so we can enjoy the patio.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,12/22/2013,38,78,3,14,4>Finally! A full service Asian Drink place in my area:)My wife and I frequent Pho Duy often and enjoy the Tea/Boba drinks we get there;  our only quibble is the limited selection.  I have been to Taiwan 8 times with my wife and one of my favorite past time is the local tea shop, which are literally on almost every street corner.  Until now, we have always ventured to Dallas for a full service tea shop.  One of the other aspects of the Tea shops in Taiwan that I have just not found here is the attention to customer service and the pride they take in their business.  Unlike here, where customer service is not necessarily bad, but that same pride is just not present.  Most of the shops I have frequented in Dallas and the surrounding areas are usually run by kids where you see them on their phones talking or texting and would also have their friends loiter around the place as well.  Consequently, most of these places, the owner is usually never in sight.  I am not saying they are all like this, but this has been my perception of the majority.  That being said, the product is usually very good which is why most of the time I can overlook any shenanigans as long as it doesn't impact me or other customers. So when I discovered there is a newly opened Asian tea shop in my neighborhood, I was overcome with joy:)  And so far, this place has not disappointed.iTea Lounge has a very cozy feel with multiple couches and chairs for..well lounging;)  Subsequently, they offer free WiFi with decent download speed for a small business averaging around 4-5 megabits a second.  So this is perfect for the Starbuck crowd wanting a change from the coffee scene.  But this is just the icing on the cake.This place has the most diverse menu of every drink shop I have frequented, including those in Taiwan!  And most importantly, most of their ingredients, especially their fruits, are fresh, not powders which is a major plus for me!  And if you do order something that does not use all fresh ingredients, they will tell you upfront so you always know what you are getting.  Similarly, if you forget what you drank, they put printed labels on their cups to identify all their drinks; wow!  Additionally, they make their boba fresh every day.  And if boba is not your forte, they have all kinds of jellies and puddings...this was a new one to me, but it tastes delicious. And if you do want something that is not on the menu, ask them and I can almost guarantee they can make it.  We have already been several times and they have a loyalty card where after you buy 10 drinks, you get the next one free.  And just when you thought I was done, the owner has pâtissier skills and bakes fresh pastries with meat inside, but you got to get them when their hot because she cant make them all day;)  Just trust me,everything here is all good!So, all Colleyville needs now is an authentic Korean and Chinese restaurant and we will never have to leave the area again...not that we would do that; I'm still a foodie after all;)  But, I am just overjoyed that we have a place like this in our area, so lets all do our part to ensure iTea Lounge remains a permanent fixture on what is becoming a locally diverse culinary landscape.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/21/2013,135,242,5,3,1>I freaking love this place. Considering how much I typically loathe the whole Western/Texas/good ol' boy decor, I am unfazed by it here because they have blinded me with their insane carnde asada with cheese enchilada and their crazy sexy rooftop bar. And as I found out on my last visit, their pina colada pecans! (Not a regular item.) And I only know about those now because of our awesome waitress! (And I am very embarrassed I do not recall her name because she ROCKED.)The decor is awful but it also completely works somehow. And I wouldn't mind secretly running off with one of those huge leather seats up front that just screams for cigar smokin'.So if you go in the evening when the weather is nice, run, do not walk, over to the elevator and up to the rooftop bar. You're welcome.On the other hand, only do that if someone else is picking up the check because dinner here is a little too pricey, in my opinion. Lunch, on the other hand, has many of the same featured dishes (smaller portions no doubt) but for a freaking STEAL. Did I mention the carne asada with cheese enchilada? I CANNOT bring myself to order anything else. I mean, when you find the best thing on the menu, nay, in Sundance Square, why deviate? As I mentioned, we had a really great waitress and I've always had good service here. I'm not a salad person at all but my bf's salad with pecans looked INSANELY good, even to me! The waitress was telling me about one of their specialty items that comes with pina colada pecans, something they only do rarely. She said they're so good they have to hide them from the employees...and she brought me a little dish to sample them! I could have eaten them all day long.This is definitely a place I am always excited to come back to. They make me fat and happy.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,12/20/2013,70,24,3,4,4>OSDH&CP is the best bar-that-doesnt-feel-like-a-bar ever. They just got in some Jenga to play last month that adds to mis-matched Checkers and whatever-color-disk -you-can-find Connect Four. The beer garden is awesome, but on hot days the couch indoors is a cozy home away from home. Bring some playing cards, friends and good conversation and you'll be here for hours having a great Tv/crappy jukebox- free time.I digress...this place is awesome. When I first moved here a year ago my friends took me and I fell in love. I've always liked perusing and tasting new beers from the isles of Central Market and Whole Foods, but this place has it all, ON DRAFT. Deep Ellum brews = check. DogfishHead IPA = Check. Seasonal pumpkin/Christmas/Spring/Fall/Winter brews = check. But my all-time favorite....Revolver Blood&Honey out of Granbury, it's beer perfection. The Pecan Porter is a close 2nd. I'm also quite partial to the moscow mule cocktail.Try something new! The bartenders know more about beer than you can fathom, so don't be pretentious. Order your beer by number and tip your handsome bearer of the pints and you'll be A-OK.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/19/2013,101,52,3,6,5>Lizzano's... what can I say. This is the restaurant yelpers dream of encountering when they search for somewhere great to go. Local and elegantly quaint with fantastic food...that is Lizzano's.A hot spot for my family, I've been going here for a bit over two years. Heading to this restaurant fills me with those storied ideals of having a local spot where you can just go and enjoy being alive with great food. I have a hard time describing my love for their food. I typically go with their manicotti, drenched in their lovely tomato sauce. Fresh and hot, it warms me up and makes me forget about calories pretty damn fast! Paired with their bread, WOW.Seriously, they might have the best bread I've had at a restaurant. It comes out every time piping hot, I don't even need the oil and vinegar to dip it into. Don't even get me started about soaking up the tomato sauce with it... I'd give 5 stars alone for the bread!!Another stand out is their greek salad. They home make the basil dressing, which I would also give 5 stars alone for! Creamy, the perfect hint of basil...Best salad around. Another fantastic thing to dip the bread into... I love it.With all of these amazing dishes, it is incredibly hard to branch out and order something different, but... THE PIZZA. Best margherita pie I've ever had in Texas, maybe ever (I can't think right now, but the fact that I can't think of anything else says something). LOADED with torn basil, fresh mozzarella and huge tomato slices, this pie is ridiculously good. One thing to note about Lizzano's pizzas... The price increase from small to the extra large is like 4 bucks. NEVER order anything but the XL! If you can't eat it all, you've just bought yourself lunch for tomorrow (and it reheats well, I KNOW this (Don't use a damn microwave to heat up your pizza...Oven, oven, oven!)). The cheese pie alone is a stand out, but the ingredients here are heaping and the variety of handcrafted combinations is very pleasing. No need to make your own combination of ingredients, trust Lizzano's!We come full circle with the family that runs and operates Lizzano's. The food enough is 5 star, but the service and friendliness they dish out is brilliantly sincere. I only make it to Lizzano's every couple of months, but they know my face and welcome me... and they know my damn order!!! My lovely girlfriend must eat gluten free, and they know that and remember! While they don't offer gluten free options, they do have an incredible tomato basil soup that they serve her (no croutons!) with the greek salad. The last two times we went, she didn't even have to order! Lizzano's knows and cherishes their patrons, and I will always give them my business for that.Extra things to note, Lizzano's only accepts cash in an effort  to bring down prices (success!) by avoiding charging cards. A minor inconvenience, it gives us all a time to avoid the digital world and throw some bills around! One other thing, Lizzano's is BYOB. Following the details about their food, I don't think I need to elaborate on what that means. Bring your wine or beer and enjoy my favorite restaurant in the Mid-Cities.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,12/18/2013,99,8,1,,>Who doesn't love a little Chinese take out every now and then.  We all know that this stuff is as authentic to real Chinese as Taco Bell is to Mexican food.  But everyone always has to have their fix.  This place has good service and the food is packed extremely well for when I decided to throw it onto the back of my Vespa.  Food always makes it back without sauce spilling all over my seat.  You do get a lot for your money here.  Great value and great food.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,12/17/2013,55,94,2,5,2>Love Grace. Specifically, I love the bar at Grace. This is the perfect spot for happy hour and catching up with friends. Grace has some great happy hour events, including my favorite - "Women and Wine." This event features three pours with three appetizer bites. Always innovative, always delicious. The othe bar food is fantastic as well, I recommend the cheese and meat plate or the trio of dips. Yum. I have eaten dinner here and thoroughly enjoyed it, but in my opinion the dinner is a little overrated. Don't get me wrong - the food is delicious, but to be quite honest it is a little pricey for what you get.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,12/16/2013,184,259,,4,1>I found this restaurant on a fluke thing that happened: some restaurants on 7th street and throughout downtown are closed on Mondays! Nonetheless, Terra's was open. Situated between upscale apartment lofts on Crockett Street, the location was somewhat easy to find. There is a parking area that is directly across the street that you can pay a few bucks and not worry about being towed or ticketed. Upon entering, the ambiance is okay. You aren't going to get the upscale-nouveau type of ambiance that you would find at a Blue Sake Sushi Grill, yet Terra's makes it work. The menu was easy to read, yet I would hoped that they would add more Mediterranean food other than gyros, kabobs, etc. I tried the lamb kabob for the first time, and was pleasantly surprised by how well cooked it was as well as the presentation of the grilled vegetables. Prior to that, I tried the calimari appetizer, to which had an incredible portion size that was able to feed four people quite well. There was no issues with drinks, considering that I was the only one that had alcohol for that night's meal. The server was very good in his timing of making certain when the glasses needed to be filled or a dish needed to be removed without prompting. When it was all said and done, the price of a meal for four people justified the food quality. I've read that there are other locations around DFW, yet I'll return to this one to try out their lunch menu as well.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,12/15/2013,43,90,,2,1>Love everything about this place.  It's local business which I love supporting.  The food is excellent, the owner is friendly and the prices are pretty good.  I've narrowed down their menu after several visits to 2 things that I normally get now.The gyro's are very good.  They had just changed up the recipe to the tzatsiki sauce they use  that day so the owner asked me to try it and give him feedback.  He got great feedback.I also like their Hot Italian Beef Sandwich.  That is very good.  The only other place that does it better that I've had....is my wife.I've also had their chicken fried steak, their rueban and steak sub.  All good.Their fries are always steaming hot and flavorful and they make a homemade "Home Sauce" for the fries.  They have the normal version and also a spicy version.  I get the spicy.  Awesome sauce to dip your fries in.If you haven't been here, give this place a try.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/14/2013,71,136,,4,3>This is an impressive little museum filled to the brim with items from the Civil War, a really enjoyable stop to help bring history to life. They also have a lovely collection of Victorian dresses and other items as well which I enjoyed seeing. There was even a live band playing music of the era when we went.  I saw signs saying they were soon expanding, and will have an area showing items about the medical areas of the Civil War. I hope to go back again to see it when it is all done. The other reviews summed it all up nicely, so I won't waste time saying all the same things, as you really just need to go and experience it for yourself. It was a fascinating look back into such a dark time in America, and well worth the tiny cost of admission to experience.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,12/13/2013,113,169,3,4,3>Who needs a mall when you have Southlake Town Center, what's not to like about it? Food, shopping and Movie theater. My favorite this about Southlake Town Center is the ability to drive up to the stores, it's so easy to shop here. My favorite stores are the Apple Store, Chico's, James Avery, Soma, White House Black Market, Michael Kors, The Gap, William Sonoma, The container Store, Charming Charlie's and Coach. If you have never been to the Happy Hour at Truluck's you are missing out. Truluck's is a Five Star restaurant with great appetizers and Martini's. I also like the Cheesecake Factory and 5 Guys Burgers but really most all places to eat here are a great experience. Plus the courthouse is here and it's where I married my husband, Tom.I guess the only thing that ever bugs me about Southlake are the Fall Events, Art Festivals, etc..., while they are fun it's hard to go shopping there when these events are going on so you just have to plan your shopping around these fun events.Love this place!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/12/2013,50,109,4,6,2>After the ELite event the other night, my new friends and I sat down and had some dessert from the menu.  WOW!!!!  Our server was incredibly sweet, maybe sweeter than the desserts, and very efficient.  The setting was a great place to have a good conversation.  Not too loud or distracting.  The desserts were amazing.  I got the Tiramasu and holy moly it was good!  My friends got the apple bread pudding, and the creme brulee sampler.  Both delicious.  I ordered an appetizer to go, the Mediterranean flatbread, and enjoyed it for lunch the next day.  This is a great place to eat!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,12/11/2013,32,103,1,2,1>Sooo...came here on Saturday. The parking lot was packed and the inside of the restaurant was filled. The staff members were super friendly and welcoming. We ordered food for take out. The wait was super long at close to an hour when the cashier estimated 20-30 minutes. Anyway, the tacos were delicious. Everything was sooo flavorful, but a bit greasy (talking bout you, chorizo tacos!)! Only other downside were the red and green sauces. They were ridiculously...spicy. At first, I thought I was tearing up because of allergies but it turned out to be because of the spiciness of the sauces. I'm going to go light on the sauce next time. My new favorite taco spot...without the sauce.Psst...if ordering for take out, call ahead.-----Open Monday-Saturday. From 9am-11pm.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,12/10/2013,662,212,6,10,7>Consistant is the word for this spot. The family that runs this joint is always behind the counter. You are always greeted with a loud hello and smile when you walk in. The dining area is one large room with tables all throughout- and a walk up counter to order- they only have wait staff for dinner so you just order at the counter and sit down during lunch hours. They always have a few standard pies sitting in the window- but they will slap anything on a slice for you and pop it in the oven. The lunch special is definitely whay you need at lunch. You get two slices, a salad and drink for $8. You can't beat it! As much as I love pizza, it is not my favorite thing here. Drumroll please... ALFREDO! It is heavenly.. thick, rich, perfectly coating all the nooks and crannies of pasta.. They make each serving fresh and to order- so you are getting piping hot sauce with your order.   All the pasta dishes come with bread- so you can sop up the extra creamy goodness after all the pasta is gone. My mom really loves the lasanga here too- but the meat tortellini is my weakness.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/9/2013,113,147,2,4,2>I am not much of a beer drinker, but I still love everything about Rahr and Sons. You get a wristband for ten bucks which gets stamped a total of three times for three beers. You get a pint glass as a souvenir. You get to walk around the plant and see the equipment. You get to hang out with the most diverse crowd that Fort Worth has to offer: kids, elderly folks, hipsters, hippies, moms in mom jeans, dads in sandals with socks, bearded men, women with dreads, musicians, chefs, bartenders, bikers, college students, and all other beer enthusiasts.The food trucks were there, too, from the Fort Worth Food Truck Park.I enjoyed my Rahr Blonde the most, but the Pumpkin Ale seemed to be popular. I can't think of a better way to spend my Saturday, and I'm so happy that my friends brought me here for my birthday because I got in for free!  The clerks at the merchandise counter were rude, but they probably just envied those of us who were off the clock and drinking.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,12/8/2013,233,245,,5,1>Check it out check it out check it out, Denton has a new bar!  Now i normally wouldn't get excited about another bar in Denton, but this place specializes in not only craft beers, but an excellent selection of whiskeys!I was a bit worried about checking this place out on the first opening weekend.  While i didn't have to wait in line that night i have before...it's nothing to complain about at all.  A friend pointed out something that i thought was very smart, they did not put their beer list right in front of the bar.  They instead put the list on two TVs making it easier to order a beer without someone trying to choose at the last minute.  The beer selection is nothing short of amazing.  While i would like to say the whiskey list is amazing it doesn't quite hit that mark.  It is very very impressive to have that many different whiskeys to choose from and would make any drinker very happy.  But with that being noted there wasn't anything on the list that i felt like was "special" or extremely high end.  Don't take that as a knock on their selection as i feel it has gone above and beyond what i would have ever thought to have in Denton.  Great job ESSC.Staff as you might have expected(most of the same people form Oak St) were great and always helpful.  The place itself looks great!  I was extremely impressed with the outside area.  It seems like the perfect mix of open space and tables, nothing too crowded.  The only really complaint i have is the inside.  Where are all the tables, the space inside feels awkwardly open.  You have tons of space to add a few more booths and bar height tables!Check this place out the first chance you get, i feel it appeals to a wide group of people and with a bit of time will carve it's own style into Denton.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,12/7/2013,33,93,,2,1>Where to begin with this gem.  It starts with the exterior appeal of an old countryside house in France (if you look past it's immediate surroundings).  When you walk in its like being invited into someone's house.  It wasn't too loud despite every table being filled.  The server was great and  thoroughly explained the dinner specials. We chose the scallops for an appetizer, which were literally the best I have ever had.  For the main course we had duck and lamb. Personally I don't think any other duck will ever be this memorable ....except maybe for the duck in A Christmas Story :). The -two ways duck-was perfect.  We also had a chilled bottle of Sauvignon Blank Bornelli France 2009 and we loved it.  Especially because our server never let our glass get empty.  Lastly, the chocolate chip pecan pie topped it off perfectly.  Please visit this place if you have a chance, it's worth it!!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/6/2013,2,92,,5,6>I've had Pho all over North America (yes, even in Canada).  This is by far the best I've had.  The broth is fantastic.  I find myself at many places, having to doctor it up with Hoisin sauce and extra lime, etc. but I didn't add anything other than basil and a little lime.  It was fantastic.  I had the #25 (Pho with Brisket) and will definitely go back.I also had the fried spring roll (AKA:  egg roll) and it was the best I've ever had as well.  With the cold temperatures arriving now, I will be back regularly.  Must see if you like Pho and are in the area.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,12/5/2013,18,66,3,10,3>Far be it for me to judge someone else's reviewing style, but trucks in the parking lot and a waiters breath don't really tell me much about a restaurant.  Lord, we've all had bad breath from time to time, and perhaps as a new server he was nervous?  But I digress!  Good food that's locally sourced, a chef and staff that care about what they do AND do it well, that's what matters to me when I read a review.  With that said, I had a different take on Twelve Stones than the previous reviewer.  Here are my two cents for what it's worth...  First, let me say how thrilled I am to have a restaurant of this caliber in our neck of the woods!  From the moment we walked in the door we felt welcomed and comfortable.  From Scott the bartender, who takes pride in every martini he creates, to Daniel the wine guru - who has a dry Riesling and a Rose that's not white zinfandel  on the menu,  to David the Owner/Chef who visits each table personally and gets ingredients from a local source.  This is what Flower Mound has been longing for!  We started with the beet salad, which consisted of locally-grown beets, three small balls of goat cheese (one rolled in fennel, one paprika and one poppy seeds), field greens and candied pistachios with a house made vinaigrette...best I've EVER had!  Moved onto other appetizers such as the fried calamari, which was cut into very thin rings, fried lightly with hot peppers and a wonderful sweet/sour sauce.  We also shared the shrimp and grits, which were light and full of flavor, as well as the macaroni and cheese, which was cheddary (is that a word) and delightful.  My friend had the diver scallops, which she told me she wouldn't share if her life depended on it.  And finally dessert , with tea and coffee.  We tried the warm peach crisp with homemade blueberry ice cream and cheesecake with black pepper and a jalapeno berry-like sauce.   I know it sounds strange, but you need to try it!  Delicious local coffees and teas including Chocolate tea.  Let's face it folks, this is not an inexpensive restaurant, it's a fine-dining establishment.  If you expect Anamia's prices and chaotic environment,  you're in the wrong spot!   You get what you pay for, and I would pay more than I did tonight to dine here again.  Just GO!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,12/4/2013,399,374,,8,2>Recently we rescued a new dog that had not been spayed. I had heard about the low-cost spaying services that the Texas Coalition for Animal Protection provided, but had never used their services. At first I was hesitant, due to the low-cost. I was totally impressed with the professional and caring staff at the Fort Worth location. I dropped our dog off at 8:00 (very efficient check-in process) and she was promptly ready at 3:00 to be picked up. The post-op instructions were very easy to understand and comprehensive. I would definitely recommend Texas Coalition for Animal Protection to anyone who needs low-cost, but high quality, vet services. Thank you for a wonderful experience.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/3/2013,257,111,6,10,10>This is my very favorite place to go to for Thai food in Arlington. Usually quiet atmosphere and great place to catch up with friends. The staff has always been very friendly and nice to me and the food is great. It's kind of in a corner so it's often overlooked by people but everyone that I've brought here really likes it. Their chicken coconut soup comes in a huge portion probably enough for 4 people to share and very delicious as an appetizer. The fish spicy dish is what I always come back for because it's SUPER flavorful and very garlicky and crunchy and I don't feel as been inhaling it since I can justify that it's pretty nutritious and comes with a lot of veggies.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,12/2/2013,54,86,4,8,6>Love, love, love this place. This is exactly what downtown needed- a hip restaurant with good food and drinks, that wasn't too stuffy or overpriced, and a great atmosphere. I was fortunate enough to attend the VIP party, which allowed me to sample all of the appetizers,  flatbreads, bite size versions of some entrees and of course dessert. After sampling some of the best hors d' oeuvres I've had in a long time, I couldn't wait to come for dinner. We ended up making reservations for the first Saturday open.  When we walked in at 8:15 pm the place was PACKED. The only hiccup we had was that the somewhat novice host staff seemd overwhelmed and couldn't find our 8:45 reservation. Thankfully one of the girls was from Double Eagle and recognized us and was able to accommodate us right away in a back booth tucked away from all the chaos. Our waitress, Kelly, was perfect. She was professional, upbeat, and even laughed at my husbands jokes lol. We were able to have an amazing bottle of Brunello recommended by our sommelier, Daniel. He also recommended the Prime sliced steak for me. While we waited for our wine to decant we opted for the Cheesesteak Eggrolls. Those things are the bomb! I don't care if they are fattening, it is worth every cheesy gooey bite. Our dinner arrived and once again, the food was great. The Prime Sliced Steak was cooked to perfection. I loved the balsamic reduction that was drizzled over the top. Even with an appetizer it wasn't too filling. My husband ordered the filet and said the quality of meat was as good as the Double Eagle. And for him to say that, it must really be good!! To end the evening, I have tried the Nutella Bread Pudding, Adult Milk Shake (doesn't taste the same as Double Eagles in my opinion) and the Coconut Cream Pie. My recommendation would definitely be the Coconut Cream Pie- it is a decadent creamy coconut mouse with flakes of coconut and PILED high with white chocolate shavings. The delicious crust falls apart with each bite, which I like, since you can get crumbles in every bite. I rarely take food home, but decided I couldn't possibly waste the rest of the Coconut Cream Pie!With the Sundance Square Pavillion as their backyard this is the perfect spot to hang out for a drink with friends, casual dining, host a private party or date night. I cant wait to come here on a regular basis! They also have complimentary parking on 3rd st.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,12/1/2013,75,237,,3,3>We grabbed a quick dinner at Lee's Cheese tonight. I ordered a T.B.CR (Turkey, Bacon, Cheddar, Ranch), my husband got a grilled cheese (american) with bacon, and the little guy got a kids combo with grilled PB&J , and we got a side of fries and grilled mac n cheese.When we got our food it was nice and melt-y hot. My sandwich was really good, however I think it could have used some greens to balance out the flavors a bit.The grilled mac n cheese was awesome, we each had part of the bowl and wished we had ordered more. The absolute best thing i had though was the extra half of my son's grilled PB&J. I was absolutely floored! it was crunchy oozy gooey goodness. This was an absolute amazing sandwich. forget the grilled cheese, just stick with the peanut butter and jelly. My only complaint about the food was that the fries were really not very good. they were super floppy and didnt have a decent flavor. If you're feeling like a side with your sandwich go with the mac and cheese or take it back to grade school and eat some chips with that bad boy.Service was friendly and helpful , however their cook time does take a little while so dont come in a rush.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,11/30/2013,77,119,,3,3>Our old trivia spot got moved to ZCMBP, so we tried it out at this new location. I have to say I really enjoyed the space, it was open, random furniture/table/chairs, it felt like a bar that has been there forever. We always enjoy trivia, so no complaints there. The food was really yummy. We had the appetizer that consists of goat cheese and crostinis, you can't go wrong with this one. We also enjoyed two pizzas, the brie and speck (OMG) and a margherita pizza with sausage. We were there on a day where they had all day happy hour (not sure of their HH schedule) but all the beer we got was like $3.50. The beer selection was great, lots of local brews. I'll be back!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,11/29/2013,49,178,2,3,3>Usually I wouldn't take the time to rate a post office, but following among the most deft customer handling I have seen in years, I would be remiss in not stating the qualities of such a group of quality individuals. The post office is always a hot bed for the odd and disgruntled, two quantities which ill fit with a procedure driven institution like the post office.  On 7/6/2013, at 11:30 one such postal customer had a significant blowout! The staff reacted with calm, cool efficiency, and did not fall into the traps laid by this individual.  They were significantly understaffed, supervisor missing, and were each handling more than two people at a time.  Each time I have used this location, they work hard, talk to customers as if they are real people!  They don't just say "NEXT", but actually try to be helpful!!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,11/28/2013,51,32,7,5,3>One of my favorite bars in Fort Worth. Right up my alley as far as the crowd that hangs there. Cody and Matt are great bartenders and all around good guys. It provides a much needed atmosphere and has become a staple on Magnolia.Amazing selection of movies with subtitles are played on a big screen behind the bar (the 80's cult films are the best)! WARNING: There is a patron named "Seattle" Charlize that you may meet. She is not to be trusted under any circumstances.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,11/27/2013,0,23,1,3,1>This place ROCKS!!! It really was time for a new venue on the Historic Courthouse Square in Denton. While others have tried, LSA Burger Co. will put Downtown Denton on the map as the place to be for Burgers, Music, and great libations! After having a chance to preview this exciting new eclectic emporium of food and fun, I noticed a few things. First, the folks that planned this place sure hit the nail on the head! Second, they really researched the local demographic to find what fit. Third, they really took their time and did an excellent job in the year that it took to re-open at the location of a Denton institution that had stood over 30 years. Fourth, it was worth the wait, this place is a KNOCKOUT!!!Had the cheeseburger with Green Chilies, and a side of slaw. It was perfectly cooked served on a fresh baked bun that reminded me of something you would see in a bakery on South Elm Street. The slaw was delicious with macerated flavors of onion, garlic and just the right amount of sweet and tang in a lightly dressed version of a great Texas staple. For dessert the bartender whipped me up a cocktail that included several liqueurs making it look like an upside down ice cream sundae. Very tasty young lady, keep up the incredible personable attitude. Had the chance to experience Jon Christopher Davis and the house band Lone Star Attitude at their finest for what was an incredible show befitting the namesake restaurant.  I will be a volunteer ambassador of this place as long as I can comeback and enjoy my wonderful view of downtown from their rooftop patio!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,11/26/2013,30,102,,1,1>El Paisa is a welcome addition to the Mid Cities restaurant scene.  The food is authentic and a great value.  My favorite are the bistec, barbacoa and al pastor tacos wrapped in double corn tortillas.  The core tacos are $1.25 each, but you'll pay a little extra if you want lettuce, cheese and tomatoes.  The tortillas are warm and fresh, while the meats are nicely seasoned.   The house sauces (roja and verde) are also fresh and flavorful.  I've also had the Puerco Roja (? - I think that's what they're called)... chunks of pork in a spicy red sauce with rice and beans.  Simple and tasty.  Great queso and homemade chips.  In nice weather you can grab a table on the patio.  Service is order at the counter.  BYOB!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,11/25/2013,39,153,,3,1>Yum!!! Very good food! Lots to choose from.  As of cajun... not original as i wanted. Some had a twist to it. But it was still good! We tried the dirty balls, baked oysters, shrimp and grits, and some kind of spicy shrimp creamy pasta. Dirty balls... I was hoping it was just original spicy meaty boudin balls like im used to. I have had boudin balls from south of houston, Baytown, pretty much a little farther down south. I like the original with some ranch. I originally wanted gumbo with potato salad! yummy! but... they did not have potato salad. without it i wouldnt enjoy the gumbo, so i didnt order it. what cajun restaurant does not have potato salad?!!?!!! Many places down south serve their gumbo with the potato salad (on the side).I LOVED the shrimp and grits!!! but it was very rich. so i ate half my plate and saved the rest for the next day. the pasta... my brother and his wife was okay with it. the oysters... we preferred them cold. but overall pretty good! Good service. nice people.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,11/24/2013,152,106,3,3,3>After leaving Austin, I sorely missed all our food truck areas. It's nice that Fort Worth has a couple. This one is especially lovely because it's on the river (even though I still will never put a foot in it, it's fun to look at). You can watch the runners and bikers go by. There is plenty of shaded and not shaded seating. There's a real bathroom. A real bar (Thanks Freds!)The reason I'm minusing a star? I still cannot fathom why no food trucks/any places in general in Fort Worth do not sell Topo Chico and/or Jarritos, etc. Salsa Limon has MexiCoke.Torchy's has Topo, of course. But they are from the ATX. It makes me want to punch things, this lack of Topo. But other than that, thumbs up Food Truck Park!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/23/2013,546,102,2,8,1>Ok, our sprinkler system has not worked in years. The wifey got tired of looking at the brown grass, so I started making calls. I called 3 places. Two of them came out, spent around 15 minutes looking around, just to tell me I needed to rip everything up and start over. BNC came out, Chris, and inspected my old system for an hour. He expalined to me I needed a new contrlloer, and some new heads. I was shocked,  It almost sounded too good to be true based on what the other idiots were saying.He quoted me a price, and I hired him. He showed up for his appointment on time, and with English speaking legal helpers. I was shocked again . He said it would take about 3 hours. While doing the job, he ran into some unexpected problems with my old piping. He ended being there 6 hours, and he stuck by his original quote.This type of service is SO RARE these days. He came back a few days later, due to me having questions. Instead of the phone, he cruised by and explained everything to me. Chris is a cool dude. If you have lawn or sprinkler problems, call him, you will not regret it!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/22/2013,101,362,1,5,3>What no Kangaroo?  BTW, what part of the Kangaroo is that?  The knee?  The tail?... No, it's actually the loin!  And it sold out early!  Be sure to get there early!   We started with the Venison Carpaccio, which was paper thin, perfectly seasoned, and delicious.  We also had the quail legs which were thick and meaty, and wonderful.  For entrees we had the mixed grill with Buffalo Tenderloin, Lamb and Elk tenderloin.  It comes with green chile cheese grits, grilled cactus, Andouille sausage and and a 1/2 brace of quail.  Honestly, it's probably the very best value on this menu.  We also shared the Chile Relleno, which was not breaded!  I love this!  Throughout dinner we enjoyed a full range at the bar, including Fort Worth's own TX whiskey, vodka drinks,and we had an excellent 2011 Boujulais, Champagne and Frangelico with fresh French-Press Coffee.The manager Lee Allen was wonderful, and very key in ensuring our birthday surprise! Kudos!  Out waitress Tami was also very wonderful.  We should probably apologize for all the questions and running around we made her do!  But we did truely enjoy her was our waitress!  We had her go warm up a homemade apple pie for us (since you were out of the apple crisp)... and she even washed our dish for us!  I hope she enjoyed her slice!  The staff was very wonderful, and the food out of this world!  Too bad Jon wasn't there to have a drink with us!Next time... we try WATERS!  Warning:  The bar has been set pretty high!5 STARS
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,11/21/2013,356,554,,6,3>I think this is going to be one of my most frequent visits here!  We walked in and I was amazed on how spacious this restaurant is.  From the outside it looks small.  We were greeted and seated right away.  There are plenty of TVs around to watch the games.  I was interested in the Cowboys game ;-).  Our waitress, Mayra greeted us and was really nice.  She suggested a few items off the menu and what items were the popular ones.  We wanted to try everything she suggested LOL.  We ended up starting off with beef fajita nachos.  They do not skimp on the meat here.  Each chip was overflowing with beef fajita.  The nachos were fantastic.  They were not a huge pile of chips with cheese.  Each chip had its own toppings in which I like these types of nachos.  The beef was very flavorful.  I ordered a beef crunchy taco.  The beef was flavorful and there were plenty of toppings.  I enjoyed every single bite of my tacos.  My hubby ordered the chicken enchiladas with their mole sauce.  The mole sauce was so good.  It was spicy, had a hit of smoky, and then ended with a sweet taste.  It was really good and not your traditional mole as it was spicy!  The drinks here are really good.  The mojito was perfectly sweet.  They make their own sweet and sour for the margarita which was really good.  I can't wait to try other items off the menu!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,11/20/2013,16,6,,2,1>This is a great spot for trendy, semi-loud mexican food with friends.  It would be a perfect spot for a first date because it's casual. laid-back atmosphere--you would feel comfortable eating quickly and getting out of there or taking it slow and getting to know someone.  :-)   I highly recommend the street tacos (veggie and shrimp) paired with the AMAZING tequila sorbet.  The sorbet is absolutely perfect for a summer day because it's light, fresh, and cold lime sorbet drizzled with tequila and garnished with fresh berries and mint.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,11/19/2013,37,48,7,8,5>Once upon a time, I went out on a Saturday night and ended up at the Usual. (that should be a line from the opening of a killer awesome movie)ATMOSPHERE:So look close, because the door is sneaky.  Although, we found it because there was a food trailer outside, and one of the chicks in my party took us there.  This is a swanky hot spot for cocktails.  This place was PACKED OUT.  Our new acquaintance said it was the busiest she had ever seen it, so I'm guessing it's not the norm.  It's dimly lit, and there are several tables and a little outside garden type picnic area.  They have a MIXOLOGIST, which is a hipster word for bartender that is better than 'the usual.'  You like how I did that?  Well they know what they are doing.  They use good liquor, because guess what, I am too old for the cheap crap these days.  They had a good DJ and he was playing some 70's jams that people seem pretty happy about, a few were dancing.  Later MORE were dancing.   That means ME, because the guy busted out some Sublime.  There is a wide variety of people.  From hipsters, to TCU kids, to some sophisticated dudes with some graying hair.  So I like that it's not a particular crowd. You fit in.  Trust me.DRINKS:So I ordered the 'Don't Ask. Don't Tell.'  It has Vodka, Akavit, Lime, Lavendar, Ginger Beer.  You are like well...ok, I will try it.  But let me be the first or the second to say, this drink is KILLER AWESOME.  You will love it.  It is refreshing, it's a weird blend, but you will suck it down and call for another.  Now my friend got a Cardigan Daiquiri which had Rhum Agricole, Clove, Cardamom, Honey, Lemon, Walnut Eau de Vie, and Angostura.  Yea, I don't know what half that stuff is either, but let me tell you my friend tried it and she isn't even a daiquiri person.  It just interested her because of the clove.  So she is a close friend and so I got to try it.  No cooties!!!  It's not like a frozen daiquiri.  It's fruity but not super sweet.  It's good.  I would order one too.  It's not like hey, I am at Don Pablo's and I just got it out of the machine.  It's mixed and it's killer good.  I mean, now I want to try all the drinks on the menu.  RECOMMENDATION:Go there.  It's cool.  Take your friends they will think you are cool.  I can't wait to take some more of my friends.  Cut loose, dance a little, tip the waitresses, they are super sweet like your younger sister.  Our waitress carried like 50 empty glasses on 1 tray, and for me that means SKILLZ!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,11/18/2013,99,127,,2,5>Looking for a professional barber and a great haircut with the old timey feel of yesteryear then Main Street Barber Shop is the place for you.I suggest you stop by during the day time, heck even lunch is a good time to stop by. As soon as you walk in, look to your left there will be a person to greet you (that is if they are not all cutting hair.) There is a sign in sheet that they direct you to sign. Sign up and take a seat or if your lucky they will take you right away. Some guys I notice have a particular barber they want to use. And they are willing to wait two or three people before their turn. Since this was my second time here in about three years I wasn't going to wait. Helene originally from Long Island NY was my barber. (Not sure if a women can be called a barber but I think they can.) She knew what she was doing. She asked how I wanted my hair cut, (two on the sides and scissors up top) and went about her business. She was cutting away very professionally. All the while we were having conversations about my job, her son and about Grapevine's Grapefest. When she almost done she brought a mirror up for me to inspect. I needed some extra trimming and she was happy to oblige. Once she completed she used shaving cream from my neck and sideburns. What was also nice was she trimmed my eyebrows, which was good because I had whole Professor Xavier thing going on and they needed to be maintained. The only con I have for the barber shop is that its cash only. In reality its not a big deal but they should have it posted on the outside. Extra bonus is that they have a pop corn machine (free popcorn), soda  ($1 a bottle) and lots of magazines geared towards dudes.I plan on coming back to this barber shop for my next haircut.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,11/17/2013,92,436,2,5,3>This is really a hidden gem of Fort Worth. No really, it's hard to find because it's so far down Carroll St. you would think you've missed it. Plus it faces the opposite way traffic is moving, they really need to put some signage on the other side of the building. Attached to a Leonard's Department Store museum, you can eat and dive into the history of one of Fort Worth's legendary department stores (it's super interesting by the way) The burgers are delicious, and their fries are greasy and "heart attack like", but probably some of the best fries I've had. I can't just recommend one burger because they all add something different to your pallet. So you're just going to have to go with what your gut tells you. It's a counter service restaurant so order at the counter, receive your number and then sit down anywhere you would like. When you're finished, be ABSOLUTELY SURE to check out the museum attached to the restaurant. It's totally cool, and you learn some things about Fort Worth not always taught or told in the mainstream history. A few tips: In addition to their lunch, they are now open Friday and Saturday nights for dinner and it's BYOB (not during lunch though!) They also cater... so have an event and support the local burger shop!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/16/2013,199,200,,3,3>This place was a delightful little surprise.After driving one hour thru traffic on I-35W to get to my sister's graduation, and sitting through it for another hour, my family and I just weren't ready for another long haul through rush hour traffic at 5pm on a Friday evening. My sister, the person of the hour (or day), wanted some Korean food and Yelp directed us to this neat little place, just .2 miles away from the UNT Stadium.It sits in a little itty bitty parking lot shared by a barber shop and gas station. My parents were totally confused but followed me out of the car and into the restaurant anyway.Czen is set up so that you go up to the counter, order your few and pay first, and then they bring your meal out on trays - kind of like a food court joint. In my case, I ordered for a table of 10, and they were very accomodating. The gal at the counter helped bring our food to the table and followed up with us on refills of rice. When you're done with your meal, you have to return your tray and empty plates to a cart, but she was cool and let us leave everything on the table. Absolutely wonderful service.The quality of the food matched the level of service we received. Everything was delicious. My parents never ate Korean before so I ordered a conglomerate of dishes to share: kalbi, mackerel, croaker, spicy tofu soup, dumplings and jabchae. Along with all the side dishes, there was plenty of food and everyone was content, including the picky kids at the table.The students and staff have a gem right within the school grounds and I'm jealous.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/15/2013,88,258,10,12,13>Let me reveal something about myself. I have been pulled over more than 30 times. I have some kind of cop magnet powers, because no one on earth should ever be pulled over that often.So with my terrible cop luck, you must be wondering why Grapevine PD gets 5 stars. Well, the fact that I haven't been pulled over since moving here is a start, but it's really because of their Citizen's Police class.Twice a year they offer a three month long class - you meet once a week for about three hours - and they give you all the information you could ever hope to know about their police department. We're on week four and we've seen dispatch, got to get inside every type of vehicle they use, stand outside and use their radar guns, and see the Grapevine jail. If you are a gun enthusiast, they have two sessions dedicated to letting you shoot police issue weapons at their training range. Whoa!While seeing all their tools and toys is fun, the best part is the fact that every cop you meet gives you his card and his contact information. I now have the number to directly reach the cop that works my neighborhood, in addition to just about every sergeant, captain and chief in the building. They are so open and willing to help their constituents and it's awesome to know that you have a police force that is staffed with incredible people. They also seem to be immune to my cop-attracting powers, so they definitely deserve five stars!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,11/14/2013,132,138,3,4,2>Stumbled upon this gem thats right in the heart of Mid-Cities. Great Mediterranean buffet on Sundays that stays going till 4pm. I really loved the stewed green beans, roasted cauliflower, and even the Greek Salad was great and fresh. Baklava and rice pudding, yum! I have one bad thing to note (which really is no fault of Al Wadi, but rather, just an unfortunate mishap) which is that I witnessed a germ spread! I was lucky enough to have been seated right by the entry to which what would my wandering eyes would appear? A customer decided to sneeze all over the first buffet table....wipe his nose, then proceed on to the next buffet table where he then sneezed on the second set of buffet tables. I was GROSSED OUT!!! but luckily I was finished with my lunch and ready to bounce out of there. My only regret, in retrospect, is that I should have addressed this to the manager...oops!Overall, I highly recommend this place and especially on Sundays =)
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,11/13/2013,32,176,,4,4>Finally got in for a visit at 9 pm on a Tuesday night.  Really a wonderful little place to enjoy a glass of wine and some eats.  Small outdoor patio with 4-5 tables right in front of establishment on Houston Street.  Will be nice when weather cools off.  Other than 3 people sitting out on patio, I had the place to myself inside.  Was greeted warmly by Candace when I walked in, so I settled at the bar to facilitate conversing with her.  She's pretty knowledgable on the wines-by-the-glass selection, and I ended up trying some of my favorites as well as some of her recommendations.  Have a nice 3 oz "tasting", and 6 oz pour that allows you to try a bunch of wines if you want, or go with one of your favorites.  I ordered the duck brushetta, it was excellent, thin slices of a smoked duck on small baguette slices with a dollop of spicy mustard on top and a small orange slice underneath, coupled with some pecans and apricots.  A REALLY nice dish to pair with wine.  Then I got the house pizza.  It's a good size pizza that could feed 2-3 (I ate the whole thing it was SO good).  After a few minutes, Tielle came in from the kitchen and sat at the bar with me working on some paperwork for the restaurant/bar.  She was also very friendly and we shared some wine stories and favorites.The ONLY thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the parking situation.  Not their fault, but there is not much in the area, and you can't park on Houston Street.  At 9 pm, I had trouble finding a place to park as the public parking garages were closed.  I ended up having to park 2-3 blocks away.  But once you get in this place, be prepared for a 5-star experience.  The by-the-glass menu is about 50 red/white/champagne choices, and the by-the-bottle menu is outstanding, rivals what I've seen at some standout restaurants in Napa/Sonoma.  I was told any of the bottles are also available for take-out sale.I you want to take the place in, so to speak, you'll have a couple glasses of different wines and something to eat.  The 6 oz pours will run you $10-18 per, but really nice wines.  With something to eat, you and your date are looking at $25-$35 per person.  But just a couple 3 oz tastings and some conversation, you can get out of there for $10 or so per person.I will definitely be back.  This place has been here for about 6 years and I wish them continued success.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,11/12/2013,44,63,4,4,1>I love flying fish! Especially on Sundays, because it's hard to beat a nice patio, good beer and fresh sea food. There's so much to love about flying fish but I'll just name three of my favorites.1. Frog Legs. Shut up, don't judge, just order. They're lightly fried and come with some tasty dipping sauce. Honestly for my money this plate gives you the most bang for your buck in terms of portions on the menu.  In short, order frog legs and thank me later.2. Raw Oysters.I don't know how they get them so fresh but Flying Fish must have one heck of a hook up. I've never had a bad oyster here. They may be a bit pricey but if you come on Sunday all is forgiven because they're only 50 cents.3. Make it SNAPPY!You can tell the chef to "make it snappy" when you order and not feel like a total dick. It means that you want the fry batter or other seasoning on the spicy side. Don't worry though, it's not inedible it's just a little bit more flavor. Don't be a coward, make it snappy!If I had to nitpick at all it's because it's a little more price than I like to spend on a regular basis. I may be a cheapskate but when I feel like being a little spendy ($40 for a two person diner) I like to roll on over to flying fish.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,11/11/2013,43,145,,7,3>The OG Cousins has been on my radar since 2008, when it first hit the Texas Monthly BBQ list. Being honored yet again this year forced my hand to finally make it out for a visit. The reason for my apprehension up to this point was the fact that the Bryant Irvin location is closer to my house and I have had it several times and thought it nothing special. But I finally carved out some time to make it to the original Cousin's location. Walking in around 2pm on a Friday, the place still had a decent crowd. When I looked at the menu, as per my usual tactic when trying a new BBQ restaurant, I go for whatever deal offers me the most amount of smoked meats. Since I do not go to BBQ restaurants for sides, I went with the ordering by-the-pound option (which is to go only): a half pound of brisket, a half pound of pork ribs, a quarter pound of sausage, and one of their nice bottled cane sodas. I was quite impressed with the results, to be honest. Yet again I am guilty of blaspheming in the presence of the food deities. The meats:The Brisket: whenever possible, I try to order both sides of the brisket, the lean and fat, in order to get a better feel of how good a place's brisket really is. If you really are into BBQ, you are doing yourself a disservice by only ordering one or the other, until at least you have tried both. The brisket itself had a moderate to heavy smoky flavor, with a slightly sweet rub on it. The lean side was tender and moist. The fatty side, was impressive. Accompanied with a nice, dark bark and that sweet rub, it had just a thin layer of fat, followed by a nice smoke ring and the same great texture and moistness as the lean side. This was simply a beautiful piece of meat (see my picture of the brisket slice, "This is how you brisket"). While the lean side brisket was solid, the fatty side brisket was awesome and the best brisket I have had in Fort Worth. Easily trumps that of Railhead (which I do think is Railhead's weakness, honestly). So, if you haven't yet, try a hefty portion of the fatty side of the brisket at Cousin's, it is the thing they do best. The Ribs: I could swear the seasoning on the ribs was slightly different than that of the brisket, still slightly sweet, but also had a slight tanginess to them as well. A great flavor to the ribs and the meat separated from the bone easily. Solid stuff for sure and cannot go wrong here either. The Sausage: when I was gazing upon the menu, my eyes widened when I saw "German sausage" on the menu. I just love it when BBQ restaurants actually go out of their way to serve good sausage. Not enough emphasis is put on it, as a good sausage link is often hard to find at many BBQ places. Probably my second favorite item, tied with the ribs. Reminded me a bit of Railhead's to be honest, both in color and flavor, which isn't a bad thing. Again, cannot go wrong here.The Sauce: the sauce itself, was runny, vinegar-based, dark brown in color, and very tangy. I prefer runny sauces to think ones as a runny sauce won't hide the flavor of the meat, just add a bit of a kick to it. I found it to my liking and I was definitely glad I got a large portion of it in my to-go bag. The Sides: there were none. I feel like sides at a BBQ restaurant can only add to the experience, not take away from it. Why? Because you give them your business for the delectable smoked meats, not vegetables and if you really wanted creamed corn or green beans, it can be easily made within minutes at your own convenience. You know, like plopping some out of a can and putting it on the stove. Not BBQ. Let's not forget that.So I was greatly humbled by my visit to Cousin's. Never would have thought, just not very far away, would lie the finest brisket in Funkytown (remember my emphasis on the fatty side). Needless to say I definitely think Cousin's on McCart is worthy of the laurels they have received twice now by Texas Monthly. Repent in the presence of the BBQ deities in the form of trying some of Cousin's great brisket.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,11/10/2013,135,233,2,3,2>Hulen Mall has undergone some (many) changes in the last couple years. If I were to write this review two-plus years ago, it probably would get a three. I get the sense that Fort Worth-ians (is that the correct term) have long viewed Hulen Mall in terms of best-mall-in-the-city-but-that's-not-saying-much. But that said, it's really improved considerably during my time living in this awesome city. The mall and its tenants really went all-in and all-out to improve the place. The Hulen Movie Tavern underwent a huge facelift and is now really quite spiffy. The mall made the road entrances more appealing and definitive (with nice signage and what not). They added a few restaurants/eateries on the property including an In-N-Out and Red Robin. Even the inside of the place is very bright and lets in a lot of natural light; nice.The only drag is that it can get quite congested getting in, out, and around Hulen Mall (especially during end of work and during the weekends) because of the busy street it's on and its location right by the freeway.  In any case, a tip of the hat for Hulen Mall for the renovations!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,11/9/2013,45,122,2,2,2>Look: its not authentic or mind-blowing, but if you want some "pretty darn good" Tex-Mex, you can count on this place. Also, the decor/building is charming. Good place for a date or maybe brunch.We came here on Cinco De Mayo (I know- so typical of non-Mexican folks) and were told we'd get a $5 coupon off our order. Unfortunately, this didnt happen, but our total was so high it wouldn't have made *much* of a difference (but still would've been nice!).We had steak fajita nachos and calamari for appetizers. Calamari for the win (fail on the sauce) and the nachos were simply edible. Not much more.Brother got frog legs which he enjoyed (gotta love the kid for going out on a limb... no pun intended), dad got some portabello salad which was HUGE (he enjoyed it but then, how do you mess up a salad?), mom got tamales she liked (though we both lamented over how homemade tamales are way better), hubby ordered steak quesadillas which he loved, and I had chicken flautas (again: safe choice but pretty good). Everything was in huge portions so we just boxed the rest for the next day ;) I also ordered a margarita on special; one of the sweeter ones because the others were spicy.... not my style. Pretty yummy but pretty expensive for a margarita ($9? Newsflash: this is Grapevine, not Uptown).So yeah: decent Tex-Mex, definitely over-priced. So if someone else is paying (like in my case- thanks mom!) then go for it. Go on and call up your sugar mama, baby daddy, trust fund parents, etc.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,11/8/2013,65,195,1,10,4>If you drive too fast -- you'll miss it! This place is tucked in the corner by the 99 Cent Store on Camp Bowie. They have something for everyone -- elote(corn in a cup), fruit cocktail, mango on a stick, escamocha and my favorite -- mangonada! Everything is made to order with fresh cut fruit. I'll take one of each on the menu with a big shake of chili powder and please pile on the chamoy!! I'm a new fan and I'll definitely be a new regular during these hot summer days!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,11/7/2013,80,228,,6,3>I was looking for a place to get my nails done since camp was over and I had to go back to the real world and obviously needed to get uni ready, so I hopped onto yelp to look at reviews and came across this place. This joint was hopping as soon as we walked in the store. We had to wait a few minutes until a chair opened up, but that wasn't an issue. What I loved was that they offered red and white wine in addition to water and soda! Um, I love you! The staff are awesome, the chairs were inviting and relaxing and the vibe was great. Oh and the prices are awesome!!! I would highly recommend this place!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/6/2013,147,187,1,3,4>I really don't think I'm a pizza person, but upon having this pizza, that's all I want to eat lately. I don't want just any pizza, I want Palio's! You walk up and order at the counter, place your order, grab a number and find your table. They have deals if you order a certain sized pizza at regular price, you can have the same sized pizza for a discounted price. Pizza makes great leftovers so we opted for that deal. We got their pizza of the month, which is easily missed if you don't look to the wall, and a meat lovers one. The pizza of the month was one with a lime marinated chicken, cilantro, hot sauces, jalapeños and onions. So. Good. I can't stop thinking about it. I didn't try the meat lovers one but I was told it was delicious. What I liked about the pizza was the fact that every ingredient was evenly distributed. It's not a full service with drinks and all but there are people running around to make sure you have everything you need. It's BYOB as well and with Spec's across the street, you can have something comforting, and enjoyable without have to break the bank or put on fancy clothes!They do have wine glasses for BYOB. And that's what's holding me back from giving 5 stars. I know it's hard to keep track of everything but I dislike seeing lipstick on rim of my glass. And the sun sets in awkwardly into the restaurant. Overall, great food and I look forward to getting a cannoli here since I can't find any around the area!!! And FYI they deliver.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/5/2013,188,78,3,7,8>Tucked away in a little strip center across the street from Northeast mall is this hidden jewel. Dont let the modest exterior or the sparse seating interior fool you. This bakery cranks out some of the most near authentic French pastries this side of the metroplex can offer. For starters the pastry chefs here actually speak French! It is owned by a Vietnamese lady but some of her staff  members are fluent in the language of love. In any case, back to the sweets; here you will find pastries with just the right hint of sweetness that leaves your palate lingering for more. My all time fave and what I pretty much grew up on, which is the Strawberry shortcake with fresh gorgeous fruit piled on top a spongecake soaked in just the right amount of rum syrup covered with a very light whipped icing, and then rounded off with roasted sliced almonds on the sides. This is my family's special occasion cake that we order for nearly every gathering. I also enjoy the fresh fragrant almond croissants from here as well. So if you enjoy sweets that aren't so sweet (crazy, I know) come here and enjoy a slice or two of heaven.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,11/4/2013,297,590,2,9,3>Brunch! I am so glad Max's came to funky town. Plus we had the best server ever, Lyn! What a doll. I came for lunch with 2 of my girlfriends and we shared everything. The food was excellent. I used to be a fan of Button's for chicken and waffles, but that changed today. The fried chicken is so tasty here. Crispy fried skin with some spice to it and very moist chicken. The potatoes with the caramelized onions are full of flavor. We also shared the frito pie omelet. In house made fritos and game chilli? I wish I could just have a bowl of that chili and the fritos on the side for dunking! The wild rice and blueberry pancakes were light and fluffy, with big blueberries and just a touch of honey drizzled on top. We tried the chili relleno too- the only thing I wasn't too fond off. By the time the 3 of us ate the frito omelet and the fried chicken we were stuffed! We had to get the other 2 dishes to go. Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs. Plus the portions are very, VERY generous.One of the best things is all the wine selection! We couldn't drink because we had to go back to work :( But we all purchased bottles to go. What a cool concept. The Rare vineyards syrah I sampled was a great recommendation from Lyn, as well as the Finca malbec. I purchased bottles of each and of course some of the Cakebread chardonnay, because it's one of my favorites. I love that I can just get a bottle of something I try and like to take home!!Not only did our server rock, but everyone else working there pitched in and they all help each other. Our plates were cleared as soon as we finished, we had new share plates, silverware, etc. The chef stopped by at one point to tell us a bit about the food and the manager popped in to see if we enjoyed everything. Parking seems like it might be a pain until they get the garage up and running, so I recommend valet.I think this may be the new spot for the Yelp Ladies Who Brunch :)
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,11/3/2013,50,113,,6,2>I saw this place listed when I pulled up my Yelp app, and we decided to try it immediately.  The renovation inside makes you forget you're in a busy little strip mall.  And, the waitress was attentive but had the entire floor to watch over so we did have to wave her down a couple of times, which is fine with me.As we perused the menu for what to try first, we decided on some old and new things.  For appetizers, we got a jalapeno stuffed with crabmeat.  That was so big we only ate one of them, packing the other two up to go.  I tried the Cajun Edamame, and the spice was very good but I'm not sure if it's a $1 more good.  I'll try something else next time.Now for the rolls.  I've not had high expectations in Denton or Lewisville for sushi, so I've been avoiding it for a while.  My hubby got a roll wrapped in crabmeat, I forgot the name but it was good.  He also had a plate of fresh and smoked salmon sashimi.  I tried a piece of both and was pleasantly surprised at the quality!  So buttery and smooth, no chewy pieces that you sometimes can find at other sushi places.  I would do that again.  I tried the lobster roll, expecting something like rock lobster.  Oh, no.. it wasn't rock lobster at all but big bites of Maine, wrapped up into a delicious roll and topped with fried onions & crunchy bits.  I could have skipped the appetizers and just been satisfied with the roll but maybe next time I can do that!  We could only finish 1/2 of our rolls as well so they went into the to-go container.It is BYOB so that is easily solved with the gas station in the same shopping center.  And, they do have another menu of selections from the kitchen, bento boxes, udon noodles, etc.  I am excited to try Haru again.  If it's as good as it was the night we came in, I might have to go ahead and bump the ranking to 5 stars.  I rarely give a 5 star rating but this gem, is as good as any of the sushi places I've been to in Dallas.  Thanks, Haru, for breathing life back into the sushi selections of Denton!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/2/2013,243,187,2,5,5>Fantastic little family-owned Italian restaurant in the Target shopping center on 360s in Grand Prairie.They specialize in "make it bigger, make it better, make it cheaper and make it memorable".   The pasta servings are HUGE!   The pizzas are thin and they don't skimp on Anything.It's BYOB and it's busy on our usual drink-wine/eat-pizza Friday nights.   Things seemed to settle down around 7:30 or so but it was packed up until then.If you're coming here with a group of +4, I'd call ahead to reserve a table as it's pretty small.Some observations:  fresh garlic-knots are a must-try.  They are generous on the garlic and oil and that's to be commended.Their soups are homemade and delicious.  Everybody that works there is friendly, social and helpful.  They've been in the business for awhile and it really shows.  Their specialty pizzas available by the slice are showcased behind the glass with the description and price written in front of each one.  I'm glad that we've found our Friday-night spot (again)
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,11/1/2013,9,100,2,7,3>I am no expert on donuts.  I usually buy from the big chains like Dunkin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme which I find to be too sweet at times and can only eat about 2/3 of it before feeling kind of sick.  However, the glazed donut at Yoko's is pretty good.  It is light in texture and not too sweet.  My favorite products at this shop though are the jalapeno and cheese sausage rolls and éclairs.  I love the texture of the bread part of sausage roll and I love the kick from the jalapenos.  As for  the éclair, the cream filling is very delicious and not too sweet.  I'm definitely coming back to try more products.  This place is great for breakfast or brunch.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,10/31/2013,1341,757,3,4,5>$6 for for 17 minutes of innocent funI honestly didn't know $6 could bring me so many mixed emotions. I was anxious, terrified, and delighted all in a span of 17 minutes. Those 17 mins felt longer than a bikini wax. Like others have said, you enter the maze with an objective and can't exit until you have completed it. I kept getting lost during closing time and the owner had to guide me out. He seemed annoyed and irritated butI don't blame him. I was seriously going to be trapped in there because I couldn't the last letter.If you find yourself in the stockyards, skip half of the gift shops and do this maze instead.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,10/30/2013,138,223,14,17,12>Service - 5 StarFood - 5 StarHours of Business - Too FewBetter late than never.  I've seen this place for years, but I was always blowing by on 360, so never stopped til today. Well, I'm never going to never stop there again!It's not 5 Star on the outside, but the food Damian serves inside is better than some of the best I've had from the delicately fried, light as doughnut hush puppies, to the spiced battered fish and fries. And the seafood etouffee (crabs and shrimp) would have made New Orleans natives weep in jealousy. Apparently their menu changes daily, Tuesday is Gumbo day, Wednesday is Seafood Etoufee and Thursday is Chicken and Sausage, and I don't know the rest of the lineup, but I guarantee I'm going to have it memorized soon.Nicest people working the place. Very friendly service. The place is very small, so I'd hate to come at the lunch rush although they look to do a brisk to go business. Big Problem. Only open 5days a week for lunch (til 4 pm). No dinner, no weekends. Just lunch. With food this good, Damian should be forced to cook 24 hours a day. On the other hand, we should feel grateful he's willing to cook for us at all. He could just keep it all for himself.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,10/29/2013,298,874,5,7,7>On my most recent visit I learned something new... Apparently My Lan serves an "egg roll" (Cha Gio, #6) not available anywhere else. It's a very difficult dish to make, as unlike most egg-rolls using a traditional egg-roll wrapper, My Lan uses the same wrapper used in the spring rolls (Goi Cuon, #7). The wrappers are called  banh trang and are made of rice. The exact method is a closely guarded secret, but the result is spectacular. It's lighter and crunchier that a traditional egg-roll. Cha Gio (5 per order) is served with a plate of lettuce and other greens. The correct method to eat Cha Gio is to place the roll in in a lettuce leaf, add a few of the other greens, wrap it up and dip in the sweetened nuoc mam served with the dish. Eat it this way and impress your Vietnamese friends. It's delicious.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,10/28/2013,135,469,,8,3>Very solid Mexican / Venezuelan casual lunch joint with a bonus coffee bar onsite.  The menu is more varied and interesting than chipotle/freebirds and the food is better as well, really ordering at the counter and latin food is the only comparison.  My husband had an excellent gigantic sandwich, I had a very good beef fajita quesadilla.  They have some really tasty sauces, I was dipping my quesadilla into the sweet & creamy sauce they gave him with his sandwich.  Hubby enjoyed his mocha, they don't have decaf espresso though so I didn't have a coffee drink.  The owner was very apologetic that they don't have decaf espresso, that requires two grinders and they're a pretty small place and just getting started.  I told him it was no biggie, I was fine having something else.Parking may be iffy because it's right next to TCU and the parking lot is pretty small.  I think the concept is great for TCU students though, it's an inexpensive but very filling and tasty place for lunch, much better deal than fast food for about the same price.  We checked it out on a weekend and had no trouble parking.The interior is bright and cheery and they have some cool funky light fixtures.  Overall it's very casual and clean, and the food is good so you should definitely check it out.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/27/2013,52,84,5,4,2>I had a really, really good time here. You don't have to be a vegan or vegetarian to enjoy a new take on old favorites, and that's what Spiral Diner has on offer.Now, you might not want to spring a visit here as a surprise to devout meat-eaters: my table was debating whether to get chicken or beef before coming, and... yeah, they didn't have the best time!I think it's all in how you approach it, though. If you come in with a mindset that vegan food is inherently inferior to "the real thing," you won't have fun. You'll be comparing the Philly Cheese Steak to every Cheese Steak you've ever had, ever, and any differences will compound in your head. "Well, that isn't exactly like the one mom made growing up."Instead of judging the dishes by their ingredients, just *try* them: the dishes at Spiral Diner are tasty and creative, and you're bound to find at least one or two standouts during your visit.It's a bit of a quirky place. You'll be seated, and if you're going to be drinking water or tea you're asked to go and self-serve at a counter. I found that refreshing, and I liked being able to refill my drink at my own pace... but, again, it kind of ruffled the traditionalists at the table!So, on to the food and drink:-  We ordered a large hummus, and I quite liked the pita that came with it.-  I don't know if it was the Nachos Supremo or Chip & Dip Party, but the chips were fresh and crispy and the guacamole dip was great. The cheese-from-cashews was definitely a bit different, and I'd need to try it again before coming to a conclusion one way or the other.-  Tofu Scramble was *awesome.*-  I switched my "Simpleton" sandwich for someone's Philly Cheese Steak, and I really enjoyed it - savory, and it doesn't hold back on flavor. It had a really clean aftertaste, too.-  Organic black tea was great, and being able to get refills kept me up all night!I had a positive experience, and I'd go back to Spiral Diner any time. Laid-back atmosphere, a good beer selection at reasonable prices, and tasty, healthy food. What more could you ask for?
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/26/2013,26,111,3,2,3>This place is a work of art, seriously!  The guy that has made it has got to be a genius, and a drinker, that's for sure.  I didn't believe it existed till I drove by.  I had to stop, park and take pictures.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/25/2013,52,91,2,5,4>Drive-In movies are awesome but it seems that trying to find one nowadays requires at least an hour drive. But not anymore, for us in the DFW metroplex!  Coyote Drive-In is awesome and I sing it's praises.I attended for the Yelp Elite party in June but my date and I decided to stay for some movies, to get the full experience.  Like most drive-ins, the price for a ticket ($8) is average but you get two movies for one.  It's best if you have a truck, but you can successfully enjoy the movie via a car.  The screens are large but I prefer the screen we viewed our movies at - Screen 1. The only thing behind it were some trees.  A couple of the other screens were cat-a-corner to each other, but I'm sure it wasn't too bad for those movies.The food menu is pretty extensive and typical movie fair (no outdoor food or drinks allowed). Popcorn, hot dogs, chicken fingers, pizza and a few other candies.  For your beverages, you could go soda, water...or walk right over to the bar for adult beverages. Win!  There's a huge covered outdoor patio with large ceiling fans so sitting outside and eating is quiet an enjoyable experience.And the restrooms were beautifully maintained.  All new, clean and brightly lit.  Also to note: there's an outdoor play area for kids, a small grassy area for people to chill or walk dogs (WITH doggie bags that I hope everyone uses) and a few outdoor toss games for adults and kids alike.Coyote Drive-In, folks. Get involved.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,10/24/2013,55,175,,4,2>Having been underwhelmed by the other German restaurants in the area, decided to give Everything German a try for a to-go sandwich at lunch today.  Ordered the Corned Beef sandwich, and a side of German potato salad.  One word...WOW!  The sandwich was loaded down with what appeared to be hand carved corned beef, perfectly toasted bread, kraut and melted cheese.  Definitely a step above any corned beef sandwich that comes to mind.  But the star was the German potato salad!  Not sweet, but very savory!  Rich, heavy in texture, a very unique dish for something that at times can be a disappointment.  Was so good I decided to put half in the fridge at work and enjoy near end of the day!!!I saw a number of plates being delivered while I waited for my order, and overall the portion sides seem large, but look delicoius!  This is not the least expensive of places, but for the one visit, i will definitely be back, and soon!We can use all of the ethnic restaurants we can get in the mid cities, and I look for these guys to have a long running, once the word gets out.  Service was attentive and polite, and the food was served in a timely manner.Updates to follow!!!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,10/23/2013,60,154,2,7,3>I enjoyed Paschall when it was first opened, but mostly for its unique ambiance, its awesome music playlist, and its, then, decent selection of cocktails. Gradually but sturdily, Paschall has not only perfected its precision in making cocktails, but also managed to build up a fantastic repertoire of Pre-Prohibition era drinks that offer sophistication, class and bountiful of wow effects. Without a doubt, this Denton bar has transformed into a trendsetter in bringing those good old-school cocktails back and closer to our Denton folks, and has decisively climbed up the ladder and reached the top of my THE PLACE TO GO FREQUENTLY list for spending my hard earn cash.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/22/2013,103,100,3,6,4>New discovery (to me): Torchy's has a "secret" menu that you can ask for at the counter (or otherwise just Google so that you can pretend that you knew about it all along when you get there...): * Missionary-Style Green Chili Pork: carnitas, pickled onions, guacamole, jack cheese and cilantro, topped with chipotle sauce and wrapped in a flour and corn two-tortilla tandem.* Jack of Clubs: fried egg and grilled potatoes with black beans, tortilla strips and cheese; all topped with cilantro, sour cream and Torchy's Diablo sauce.* The Hipster: panko-breaded fried tuna, with bacon, green chilies, and black beans; topped with cilantro and cotija cheese, and served on a flour tortilla with avocado sauce.* The Mad Cow: skirt steak with black beans and corn; topped with jack cheese, cilantro and ranch.* Trailer Park Hillbilly Style: Torchy's gauche standby is made even trashier with chorizo and chopped bacon atop the usual fried chicken tender with green chilies, queso and ranch, served on a flour tortilla.* Ace of Spades: Jalapeno sausage link and grilled brisket topped with a fried egg, green chile queso, cotija cheese, sour cream, more cheese and Diablo sauce, served on a flour tortilla* The Matador: Chopped brisket and grilled jalapeno topped with pickled onions, jack cheese, avocado, sour cream and cilantro with tomatillo sauce on a corn tortilla.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/21/2013,77,365,3,6,2>Sushi. Hibachi grill. Seafood.No, it doesn't get much better. Did I also mention that there are like four aisles of food with a huge dessert/fruit stand and that we sat at a CLEAN table and was personally waited on by the manager? Our drinks were never empty, because they didn't give them the opportunity to be!For a 9$ buffet, the sushi was actually pretty fantastic and they had a good selection. My favorite, of course, was the California roll with cream cheese. Totally fresh, I watched the chef make it! I cannot say how much I love hibachi grills. You get to add your choice of chicken, beef, pork, crab meat, vegetables and a plethora of sauces to a plate and watch it cooked right in front of you. All of the meat was fresh and they had a nice selection of vegetables choices (broccoli, onions, bean sprouts, leeks, cabbage,  baby corn, mushrooms, etc). You must add the spicy red sauce as it will burn your a*s, for real. (Tip this guy a 1$, he rocks!)They have the usual Chinese selections like sesame chicken, orange chicken, egg and spring rolls, broccoli beef, fried rice, white rice, and pepper chicken and had other delicious offerings such as bacon-wrapped shrimp, cold shrimp, sweet and sour chicken, oysters, crawfish, salmon and a crapload of fresh fruit like watermelon, pineapple, melon, cantaloupe, and grapes.The dessert bar was more plentiful than what we are used to with things like; coffee cake, cheesecake, banana pudding, cookies, ice cream, cream-puffs, and pudding.The food was better than any other buffet in the area and they never let it get low enough for someone to complain. Great service, friendly and excitable manager who personally came to each and every table to ask how our meal was and pretty decent food will have us coming back for sure.Look for the 10% coupon in the weekly flyer! Good for an adult meal only.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/20/2013,332,311,4,7,1>I don't give many 5 star reviews.  And I normally reserve those for nicer places.  Even though I have passed by this place for several years, I had not set foot inside.  We actually tried to eat breakfast here once before and the wait was 30 minutes.   Now I know why...It is kinda like a Cracker Barrel, but way better (and I LIKE Cracker Barrel).  So the interior is not glamorous and there are lots of quirky sayings on plaques on the walls.  They also don't have a gift shop, so I didn't have to worry about saying "no" to my five year old daughter couldn't have a Taylor Swift sucker.What they DO have is a big menu.  Lots of variety and all of the standard breakfast fare you would expect.  Heck, I think you could even ask for something that wasn't already listed and they could whip it up.Wife had the almond french toast, which was so unique and fabulous that you'd think they would serve it over at the Gaylord Resort.  It came with a side of eggs and bacon.  She loved it because they offer turkey bacon.  Oh, did I mention that the amount of food you get borders on obscene.  I think even Joey Chestnut would get stuffed here!Daughter had chocolate chip pancakes.  I love the egg-cheese-sandwich over at Waffle House, so I decided to get a Landmark Sandwich here.  It is the same thing, but way better and bigger.  You get to pick bread, egg choice, cheese, meat, and veggies.  I posted a pic of it.  Oh, and it came with enough hash-browns to feed my entire table.Yes we shall be back.  We just found our new favorite breakfast place!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,10/19/2013,195,245,2,4,2>I finally get to try the infamous winery that my friend Stacy just can't stay away from. We were a little spoiled as in we ate in the antique shop next door for a 30th birthday celebration, but still. The actual restaurant itself is pretty small and quaint, perfect for a date night. "Stacy what should I get?" I ask. She says "the pizza is good, it's enough to share" and that's when I call my friend of 15 years a liar. Because I ordered a pizza with prosciutto and spinach and tore that thing down in a heartbeat. Talk about feeling like a fatass. But I make no apologies and I have no regrets bc that pizza was yummy. I drank the sangria all night which was perfection and I was a happy gal! I can't wait to go back! Parking is heinous, being that it's in Main Street in grapevine, and it's nestled between shops so don't blink. The service was excellent and efficient however for a party if 35 ppl and that's always saying something!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,10/18/2013,82,285,2,2,3>Some coworkers turned me on to Torchy's over in Fort Worth, so I was tickled to pieces when the Big Guy was talking about a new taco shop in Southlake - closer to home! Since it's only in its 3rd day of operation, I'll give them some slack: the chips were fresh but a little over-salted, but the green chili queso was packed with flavor (and guac - I LOVE guac!), and I felt the portion was priced right at $5 and some change. I also had the fried avocado taco (choice of corn or flour tortilla). It was tasty, with a nice dollop of beans, but I seem to recall the Fort Worth location adding some pico. At any rate, add some pico. It also comes with an avocado sauce that kicks the fried avocado up a notch. I love the choice of sodas here - the root beer is simply divine. I don't drink soda at all - except for their root beer. We all have our weaknesses. They also have beer, but don't recall liquor-based drinks at this locale.Food was served quickly and accurately - the queso was out in seconds and the tacos followed a few minutes later. Hooray! Welcome to the 'hood, Torchy's. We're glad you're here!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,10/17/2013,62,84,,8,5>The Brisket here was amazing! It was soft, and not overcooked.  I came here with some co-workers for lunch, and I'm so glad I tagged along here. It's one of those no-frills BBQ places with a buffet and some sandwich options. There isn't much of a selection on the menu, but when you cook brisket so well, why should anyone have anything else? I don't eat pork, but my co-workers all raved about the ribs. My only critique is that I wish that they had a little better sauce, and that their bread was a little fresher. However, that won't keep me from coming back!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,10/16/2013,38,78,2,7,1>One of the best burgers I have had!So I read a lot of good reviews about this please and had to try it for myself being that it is not too far from my workplace.  First off, I am a Root Beer aficionado and heard theirs is some of the finest so this is one of my primary reasons for a visit.  But the Root Beer is just the icing on a magnificent cake!I never thought I would find another burger as flavorful as Kincaid's; I have never been so happy to be mistaken.  In fact it is uncanny how similar in taste Frosty's cheese burger is to Kincaid's.  Maybe because I always get my burgers with mustard for the dressing; they have a special sauce here but I was told it taste like a Thousand Island type of dressing which just isn't for me, even on a salad;)  In any case, this is a really good tasting burger!  Their tater tots are also very good, although I wish I would have eaten them there and not gotten my order to go because they lost a bit of their crunch by the time I got to eat them when I got to work, but that is always the risk of getting something to go.  Regardless, they were still very tasty.  To top off my meal, I had one of their homemade Root Beers and WOW!, this is some good stuff.  I had to ask the guy at the counter if he put ice cream in it; he said no, but it taste like it does:)  I would definitely put it in my top 5 Root Beers.Well, I am so glad I decided to take the plunge for this place, because not only do they have some of the finest root beer around, they have one of the best burgers in DFW!  My taste in burgers are very particular which is why I always talk about Kincaid's.  Now I have to add Frosty's to that comparison.Great burger, Great root beer and I did not speak to it because I was so enamored with the food, but they are some nice guys that work in there; excellent customer service that makes you feel like you are at home.  I just have one request, please open one up in Colleyville;)
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,10/15/2013,10,5,3,6,2>Where do I begin when it comes to Mariano's...Finding this place is a task all in its own, I frequent this place now and I still miss my exit or have to back road to it every time, but that isn't an issue to me one bit honestly.The exterior to this building is a testament to how long it has been around, but I like that, it makes you feel like you are 20 years in the past or so.The decor of the place is also dated, Every time I have gone i have been sat in the bar that has some horrible color choices for their booths. The little tables with the tiny rolling chairs in the middle of the bar are also very dated. I haven't even seen the dining room side of the restaurant and honestly dont want to. Lastly, the restroom (mens) is perfect for a scene out of The Shinning, it is dark, cold, and odd. I often find myself alone in it staring at the mirror while washing my hands and thinking, "all work and no play makes Jim a dull boy."The staff is super friendly and always moving around or conversing with customers or each other. I have never had an empty drink or ran out of chips n salsa, and the food comes out quickly.The food, oh the food. The salsa is awesome, they give you the typical red salsa, but it has a lovely after heat to it that every salsa should have. They also give you a grilled jalapeno salsa that is brown and smokey and just settles so well on the taste buds. The Fajitas are great, I always get the combination and it is enough to feed a small faction of rebels or myself and my Girlfriend..so mostly me! The steak is cooked just enough that it has some chew but it's not like bubble gum, and it has so much flavor, and the chicken is perfect. The drinks, the margaritas, some have said that they are over priced...I agree, but respectfully disagree. You can go anywhere and get a margarita for 6 bucks, and if you are a fan of "Finest call sweet n' sour" and house Tequila then be my Mutha F***in guest! the Margaritas here are made with Herrandura and agave juices. 11 dollars sounds like a little much but once you taste one of these rocks masterpieces, you wont mind the price, it may have something to do with being buzzed already too. Here is also, a not so secret, secret...monday is margarita monday where one of their signature margaritas is half price, this is great when one of the 11 dollar ones is on that beacon of chalk hanging above the hosts head!  At this point you may be somewhat confused why half of this review seems so negative and the other positive and how that makes 5 stars...you have to understand, the first half is not negative, its nostalgic, I love this place for everything it is and have started suggesting it to everyone I know. It beats out the other Tex mex offerings in the area (On the border, el chico, etc.) without debate, and I hope to see you there Monday!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,10/14/2013,6,45,2,4,3>I've had quite a few friends laugh when they found out our dog goes to daycare twice a week. And I understand that -- I grew up with dogs all my life and never knew such a thing existed. But then I adopted my dog and hated leaving her crated all day, every day, while we were at work. Don't get me wrong, she was fine in the crate ... she had food, water, toys, and a soft pillow to snooze on all day. (Pretty cozy life, actually). But then my husband and I would come home after 10 hours of working + commuting and she'd yawn, stretch, and proceed to bounce off the walls ALL NIGHT. (She was a one-year-old with pretty high energy levels for her breed, we soon realized.) Anyway, for all of our sanity I found this daycare and started taking her regularly, and it's been the best thing I've done for all of us. Twice a week I can work a little later or run errands after work without feeling guilty about her needing to be let out. Even on the non-daycare days, she's not as crazy and doesn't require as long of a walk because she doesn't have ALL that bottled-up energy from all the days before.And I know my dog loves it there -- several times when I've come to pick her up, she's actually done a quick turn and tried to duck back into the daycare area to play with her friends some more!I've also used Cowtown Canines' boarding services whenever we have gone out of town. I love that they offer an option where, for an extra fee, your pup can go home at night with the owner and her dogs (as opposed to sleeping in the daycare overnight).
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,10/13/2013,47,98,2,6,2>I Love Sushi wins my votes for best sushi bar ambiance in Denton... well, unless you're going to throw down some cash for Keiichi, which is on my poor little tummy's bucket list. The restaurant is small and intimate without feeling cramped. They've decorated nicely with cool colors and have fun paper lanterns lighting each table. While not very dressy, I'd consider this a good date or special dinner spot. The last time I went in it was eerily quiet, but I believe there's been some nice background music playing on previous visits.Sushi can get expensive quickly, no matter where you go. I Love Sushi's pricing seems pretty comparable to other spots in town- maybe even on the less expensive end for specialty rolls. I've found most of the rolls here to be on the medium to large end and expect one to two to easily fill a normal adult appetite. They include complimentary miso soup, which is delicious and not too salty. Back in the day they threw in the ginger salad, but now you'll have to pay a little extra if you'd like it. I've not tried their noodle or fried rice dishes, but have enjoyed the entree dinners they offer for around $15. It comes with miso soup, rice, 4 pc. California roll, ginger salad, tempura veggies, 2 tempura shrimp, and your meat of choice (beef, chicken, seafood or salmon teriyaki). My husband and I normally split one of these and a specialty roll and go home quite happy. I'm not a raw fish eater, but they still have quite a few tasty cooked sushi roll options. My faves are the Sunrise Roll (shrimp tempura topped with crab meat) or the Louisiana Roll (deep fried craw fish, cream cheese, jalapeno and crab meat- this one is HUGE). I'll keep playing the lottery in hopes to move up to Keiichi, but until then, I Love Sushi fits me just fine. :)
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,10/12/2013,70,24,4,4,4>I'm thrilled Denton finally has a fresh,fast and delicious place to stop in for pho and yummy "viet-bites". I first went to Viet Bites the week that they opened and have been a few times since. Every time it met my expectations.You can call in orders to-go and they're ready in 5-10 minutes for pick up, which is a godsend after a grueling morning of college lectures when you require sustenance and you need it quick. One of the owners was working on the first day that I went and he was nice enough to make an off the menu suggestion, grilled chicken kimchi spring rolls! And they were awesome!! There's a build-your-own option for spring rolls so you can actually order this if you want. I would highly recommend it because its spicy, fresh and all around delicious.The beef pho was very good as well. On another visit I tried the grilled lemongrass pork bahn me and it was top notch. Fresh and crisp veggies and served on an equally fresh roll.The only thing I think that would have me coming in more often is if they offered some warm plated noodle dishes besides vermicelli. Some creative dishes with the lovely sauces they offer.Moving on,Personally, I've never stayed for dessert while out for vietnamese noms, butViet Bites has a couple of unexpected options to keep you at the table. The coconut waffle is green...and served in the shape of Texas! It's delicious so don't doubt it and try it out. The creme Brulee on the menu is unexpected but done well. The server highly recommended the desserts and they did not disappoint.Stop by Viet Bites and see what they have to offer. They are serving fresh fare and deserve the business!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/11/2013,135,242,6,8,6>Because TEQUILA!I know, I know, I'm being terribly slutty with my stars. But as a Denton girl, I get overly excited when new quality places open up in town.I was a little hesitant to come here after it had been open for only 8 days, since new places are bound to have their snafus and weak spots, but whatever they may be for Mulberry Street, I didn't encounter them. We had a couple cocktails (the Mexican Martini and the Moscow Mule), and the bartender was both very knowledgeable and friendly. In addition to him, there were two other girls behind the bar who were also both very helpful. A+ on the service and staff.Tequila is obviously the star here and I'm very curious to try one of their tequila flights next time. The Mexican Martini was yummy but a little sweet for my taste--which had nothing to do with how it was made, it was more my palate. They have a couple spicier numbers, which I was told can be made without the spice element. So I may opt for those next time! A happy medium for someone like me.The layout is very open and there's seating for plenty (and it was pretty full Friday night). The bar stools are a half-step above a dive, but the mostly austere former-garage-turned-bar set-up is pretty well suited to the part of town. Even Queenie's Steakhouse has an aluminum-style roof and exposed interior look. So they kept the look simple. As long as the quality stays, I'll be happy.Oh and you know, I think I'd dish out that fifth start just for the fact that there's NO SMOKING! :D I don't mean to be one of those people but you know what, I'm older now and I'm just done with the whole smelling like a goddamn ashtray thing. (Sorry, Paschall's, you know I still love you. Just not after 6.) In any case, I'll definitely be back here soon.Bonus: It seems like local food trucks often seem to set up shop just outside after 9 or so on the weekends. NOM.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,10/10/2013,101,52,3,9,9>This place is rockin'! Milo's is the bar to head to when you're lookin' to go out with friends and can't think of where to go. Recently refurbished and redone, do not, I REPEAT, no NOT judge this place by their outward appearance! Cozy and comfortable, Milo's sports an incredible spot to enjoy a night with friends without having to endure the crushing scene of most bars that offer run of the mill drinks and unfriendly employees. Heading to Milo's ensures you'll walk out having met a few, if not all, of their friendly crew. Milo's boasts any type of bar game you can think of, including cornhole and ring toss on their newly redesigned patio. The patio is great, due to the tall privacy fencing that makes you feel mega secluded.The creativity in drink crafting at Milo's is top notch, while also offering the favorites. The legendary Ray Charles Shot is a ton of fun to participate in. One thing that I LOVE is their growing selection of local craft beer. So far, Community and Revolver brews are offered, so prepare for high quality, outstanding craft beer from DFW! It's a testament to the bar itself that those breweries selected them to serve their products; not just every bar is allowed to carry such fine beer!The only negative comment I have is their allowing of smoking inside. Otherwise, awesome stuff!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,10/9/2013,105,275,,3,3>I can't help but compare this place to a certain hipster coffee bar on Magnolia...Caffe di Angeli is small, about 5 tables scatter the cozy dining room and there is a chalkboard on the wall that lists their latte offerings.  They have the ability to make pretty much anything you want (and some things you might not!).  The have a few pastries and muffins along with a nice selection of sandwiches and soups for lunch.The barista, Jimmy, was fabulous, too.  He helped us pick our drinks (Mexican chocolate latte for me, creme brûlée latte for my friend) and was very, very nice.  The drinks were great.  Free wifi if you need it.  I realize this is right off Rosedale, and may be a. Little scary to some people, but it really is worth it!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,10/8/2013,68,101,3,15,4>I truly feel Yelp! was invented for places like Ernesto's Taqueria. Getting the word out on a place like this is what's it's all about. This is some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. Granted, it's largely tacos, burritos, nachos etc., (hence the name Taqueria, which means Taco Shop) there is no where I have ever been that is as delicious as this place.Here's the skinny:The menu is broken up basically into two parts: meats and "styles" (for lack of a better word). They also offer all of the sides you would expect like rice and beans, Mexican soup, grilled jalapeño's, chips, salsa etc.So, let's say you're in the mood for beef fajita meat, you would then pick your "style", as in Burrito, Gordita, Taco, Nacho etc. and that's pretty much it. Their meat truly is the best. So far, I have enjoyed Beef fajita, Carnitas, Tripas, Lengua (this was my first time eating tongue and it was one of the best things to ever grace my mouth) and a couple other things that were ordered for me. Of everything I have had here so far, there hasn't been one item I didn't thoroughly enjoy. OHHHHHH, and they have breakfast! (They open at 7am) I'm talking big ol' fat breakfast burritos that'll make your Moms stomach hurt after you're done eating them. They are SOOOOOOO good!!!This is a cash only place but not to worry because it's SUPER CHEAP! Tacos are $1.59 each and the Burritos are $3.99. One burrito will satisfy almost any apatite. Best of all, BYOB
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/7/2013,80,41,5,6,4>I HAVE to give King Wok five stars because there is nothing but bad ones on here! It is probably more of a 4 1/2 stars. King Wok is the go-to delivery for when there is just nothing in the house to cook. My boyfriend and I get it twice a month or more if we are too lazy to go to the grocery store. (Our grocery trips take almost two hours!) I'll be sad when we move after our lease is up and we can't get it delivered.Moving on to the important stuff you are reading this review for! The orange chicken is incomparable! Really, I compare any orange chicken I get some place else to King Wok and nobody measures up. BIG portions. REAL egg rolls. Their chow mein does NOT have noodles in it? The lo mein does. Look up what chow mein is and you'll understand why this is offsetting. That's the only negative thing but that would not keep me from continuing to be a consistent customer. Crab ragoons are more flat than the traditional ragoon shape, however they are still stuffed with lots of cream cheese! And of course fuggin' fatteningly delicious . (I am getting a craving for King Wok just writing this review!) I've only had some of the wings once. I had lemon pepper bone-in. Good flavor; they were not awful but you have to take into consideration you are getting wings from a Chinese take-out restaurant. Another reviewer mentioned the person answering the phone cannot speak English very well. Hel-lo! You aren't ordering from a Dominos! Fortunately, after you have it delivered once your phone number is automatically linked to your address so you don't have to repeat it every time. That's a plus for an address you have to constantly spell out for people.Another plus, they typically say it will take 40-45 minutes and it usually comes before that.Give King Wok a chance!!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,10/6/2013,71,136,3,5,6>My mother loves to go thrift shopping, so when she came to visit, I took her here and she had a ball! We went when everything was .75 cents. You cannot beat finding dresses, shirts and pants for .75 cents each (except for when, you know, you go on .25 cent day lol)! You do really have to look through everything as it is total chaos here, nothing is really organized, so it may not be for everyone. They have some good plus size finds mixed in, and lots of funky clothing pieces for costumes, this is where I found almost my entire pirate costume for Scarborough. The downside is you cannot try anything on. Worst case scenario though is you got a .75 cent rag, so no big loss. My mother walked out with MASSIVE bags full for hardly any money. She only wished we had come sooner on her trip so that she could have gone back again. Overall a spiffy thrift store worth checking out!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/5/2013,113,169,2,6,2>Love their pies. I needed a pie for a dinner party and called in advance to order a Lemon Meringue pie. The pie was still warm when I picked it up, so I know it was fresh. I like the old fashioned charm of this place as they offer great homemade fudge and old fashion candy. There is another sweet shop that opened in Roanoke, but I am a fan of the charm of this original sweet shop in Roanoke offers.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,10/4/2013,54,181,1,3,3>The best patty melt I've ever had. The meat was cooked to perfection: juicy, greasy, tender goodness. Super comfortable, covered patio area centered around a stage. There's live music almost every single night, and there's never a cover. I love that they are exposing folks to local talent and good tunes. I'll support any place with great food, a great environment, and an appreciation and promotion of music.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,10/3/2013,263,371,2,6,2>Good and fast. I wouldn't use the word "cheap" though, but those three words typically don't belong together, anyways. As others have pointed out, no, you cannot dine in. Take out or delivery only.A couple people on here have complained that the medium isn't enough for two people. That's bull.  A medium can comfortably feed a pregnant woman and her big carnivorous man. If you get a medium from Domino's, Pizza Hut, etc discount chain, yeah, you'll still feel hungry afterwards. I attribute this phenomenon to the fabulous ingredients Rocco's uses (ie., truffle oil, shrimp, goat cheese, clams, you get the point). Personally, my favorite Ft Worth wood-fired pizza is from Mellow Mushroom, but this place has more gourmet ingredients. Also expect portions of blackened crust. Mellow Mushroom has the perfect crust, but that's about it in clear superiority.We've lived near here for over three years and have enjoyed everything we've tried. We've had the "Brooklyn:" Sliced meatball and red onion. My husband especially loves the "Cowtown" which has ranchero sauce and beef sirloin.  Recently, we got the "Riviera," a really rich, fancy pie with goat cheese, artichokes, sun dried tomato and prosciutto. Since it had been a hiatus, I refreshed myself on Yelp after being annoyed that I didn't write my own review earlier. I made the mistake of ordering the "XL" size based on some reviews and it made for a couple more additional meals. I remember thinking, "Damn, I need to write down to order mediums from this place!"  Considering this my personal 'note to self' if you get nothing else from this :]
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,10/2/2013,32,103,4,7,5>A lot of money was spent setting this place up...you can definitely tell. The inside is nicely decorated and there's like a million flat screens adorning the wall (seems like anyway).I suggested this place for lunch with a friend after reading the reviews. Come on, it's a bakery, bistro and a freakin' bar. Triple threat. We came around 3pm and this place was pretty empty. The food here is Asian fusion. And because it is Asian fusion, it's a bit expensive. For apps, we ordered the salted fried tofu. I have never had fried tofu that was presented in such a nice arrangement. Oh, and it was also really good. Main course: I had the grilled chicken banh mi. It was delicious. So much flavor exploded in my mouth. I was happy and had a stupid grin on my face after the first bite. Yum. I'm use to paying 3 bucks for a sandwich but the ones here run for 7...but they're so good! Our server was incredible . He was so personable I felt like we were old friends. Seems like a weird thing to say but that was how I felt.  :pOverall experience: positive but this place is a little pricey for college students.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,10/1/2013,662,212,5,7,5>One of my favorite seafood joints in Arlington. First thing you notice is the large patio- do not wimp out and eat inside if the weather is nice!! Once inside, do not he intimidated by the large menu, just order a combo plate to try the basics first. The catfish and shrimp is my go to basket. The catfish is always perfectly cooked and flaky, and the shrimp are massive. The hush puppies are so delish I usually order extra or steal from my friends baskets when the refill their drinks :). Also their ceviche is jamming.. Like, I wanna jump in and swim around its so good.  For the quality of food- the prices are right on point. I do however skip the sweets- they haven't perfected that part yet, but the food makes up for it.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,9/30/2013,34,293,1,10,2>Pretty impressive start.  Mrs. B and I heard about the new place in Old Town Burleson to grab a nice beer, so we decided to give it a try on a Friday night.  We had no idea that it was 200 yards away from the stage for the Hot Sounds of Summer concert series held in Burleson on Friday nights!  With Le Freak blaring and a packed crowd, the servers at Old Texas did a great job getting craft beers and good food to the high number of patrons.  They do have a neat gimmick at the bar.  If you remember how the coils inside old refridgerators would get ice condensed all over them, they have set up a freezing metal rail on their bar that collects ice in the same manner, so it makes a great place to keep a beverage frosty on a hot summer day.  Mrs. B and I did not make it upstairs to the rooftop bar, but we look forward to catching some live music up there in the future.  With the crowd that night, it seemed like the host stand was a little overwhelmed.  For example, when we approached and asked to be seated, we were told, "The wait is 45 minutes, or we can clear off this table right now."  That one was a no-brainer for us, but I felt bad if we might have been cutting someone else in line.  That was pretty much the only that went "wrong," though, so it was great overall.  I hope we can get back to Old Texas soon!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,9/29/2013,201,579,2,3,4>It's the kiddos birthday weekend and I don't have alot of time to spend with her.... that's what stinks about working weekends and having a night job. But in my wanderings of Denton square (and prepping for the UYE event I'm planning) I've passed the Campus Theatre many times and on one such day I saw the poster for The Little Mermaid and knew that would be a great idea for my daughter.What was cool about this play is that the whole cast and crew were made up of kids from junior high school up to juniors in high school. They did all the lighting, sets, audio, you name it. And they were good! All of the songs from the Disney movie were in there and my daughter was mesmorized. Once in awhile something clams her up.Although she was singing "Under The Sea" all the way home, it was worth it. Tickets were only $10. They have inexpensive concessions as well.Support Denton businesses.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,9/28/2013,33,93,2,3,4>Houston Street Bar & Patio is a great place to grab a cold beer with some friends.  They have enough TVs to catch a game with an old time classic feeling bar..... Love the brick wall look. Thursday night trivia is a blast, we took 2nd place out of 10. The patio is nice place to be outside in an urban setting. The numerous large fans ( and cold beer) provide much needed relief from the hot Texas nights. Also there are two projector to catch a game. Drinks are phenomenal and verity of beer selection, service it's also pretty good.Reason for four star it's the inside smoking
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/27/2013,33,32,5,6,5>East Side is another fantastic addition to the Oak Street family. They definitely don't have the "usual draft beer selections", I think 89 taps is more than enough to satisfy even the pickiest of beer fanatics. I even found a cider that I liked! #59, but that's all I could tell you. I can't say much for the bourban collection as I don't really drink it, but I'll suck it up one of these days. Those who did were in awe, so there's that. There's a actual covered patio with booths (I LOVE BOOTHS SO MUCH, AUUGHH) and the yard is plenty spacious. The tap wall is beautiful, I could stare at it for hours. I'm sure the inside is going to get a little more love as time goes on, just like my beloved OSDH&CP did. Also, food trucks. Yes. More. John keeps finding ways to take all of my money from me but I'm more than happy to fork it over for a great social environment, killer ambiance, and all that delicious (and different!) booze.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/25/2013,233,245,6,4,3>Hipster central.  Can i say that on here?  Well I did and it's true.  Doesn't change the food or service.   After several recommendations i decided to check this place out and was glad i did.  I was seated right off the bat during what seemed to be a very busy time.  Can't remember the name of what i ordered, but it was eggs Benedict with avocado, tomato on a biscuit with hollandaise? sauce.  Fat pieces of avocado all up on my biscuit drizzed with hollandaise sauce...that was the BOMB.  Fresh everything.  It was great and i can't wait to have it again.  I know the next time i go i will want the same thing, but will be mad at myself if i don't try something else.  Having broken the seal i plan on hitting this place more often.  Seems like they had a healthier choice than most of the places i love and who doesn't need to eat more healthy?  Prices seemed fair, but i wouldn't doubt if Denton saw them slightly high.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,9/24/2013,54,86,,6,3>Thank you Del Friscos, for not only never disappointing me, but always making each visit an experience that leaves me completely satiated. Upon arrival, the door is usually opened for you by a member of the valet team. Then you step inside and are greeted by a friendly host, who will ask a few questions without being overbearing, and talk to you as a friend would. Since we frequent this location, all of our information is stored in their database including table preference, what type of wine we usually order, waiter preference, birthdays, etc. All of the staff is polite, well trained, and will make you feel like a million bucks. The menu is pretty standard for a steakhouse. A variety of cuts to suit any steak eaters appetite. There are always a few specials which will include some sort of seafood if a delicious steak doesn't fit your pallet. My favorite special was the filet and crab cake combo, so I was able to get a little of both- and it was AMAZING. Actually, pretty much everything on their menu is amazing. Yes it is pricy, but if that's what it takes to get quality food as well as superb service, then I will pay that any day of the week (or my husband will lol). Back to the food- every steak I have tried is great quality and is cooked to your liking; the crab cakes literally melt in your mouth (I didn't even know I liked crab cakes before trying it here!);  the jalapeño Mac and cheese is the perfect blend of creamy, cheesy, spicy goodness; the Del salad with the avocado ranch dressing is perfect to start with; all the veggie sides are fresh and flavorful; the shrimp cocktail and calamari are standard but you can taste the freshness and quality of the seafood. Oh, and the peppercorn gravy that is served on the side of some steaks (or if you ask for it) is not too peppery or thick, but the perfect consistency. Now to wines- my favorite part. I have had the pleasure of experiencing the wine cellar multiple times with head sommelier Daniel. His expertise helped us pick out some great vintage wines that were unforgettable. The extensive wine list here beats out any other in the area. Recently, my husband and I have been on a Bordeaux kick. Wines like 1986 Chateau Rausan-Segla, and 1982 Chateau Ducru Beaucaillou have complimented our steak dinners to perfection, making it difficult to enjoy wine at other places for fear it will not compete! My husband has also tried a rum called Black Tot. Apparently it was from an old sunken ship in the 1800s that they recovered and were able to save. I think it's pretty awesome to drink something that old, if just for the story. The adult milkshake is a great way to end the evening if you aren't too full. It reminds me of a gourmet version of a frosty with alcohol. If you opt out of dessert, don't fret, you can still grab a handful of jelly beans on your way out if you want to feel like a kid again and end the evening with a cherry on top!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/23/2013,51,32,6,2,1>Really happy for the success of the Rodeo Goat. Great drinking environment, great food. Great place to throw a party. I've been to a few parties thrown here. Not trying to brag but I go to parties, alright? Not as much as I used to but I still party. Like probably 3 parties a month. Not a just Rodeo Goat but in general. This is one of the few places I'll go to in the 7th street area on the weekends. Parking is so difficult down there now. Cabs are expensive. And I don't really want to call one. Is that Uber thing in Fort Worth? I hear that's a pretty sweet deal. Okay, whatever. Just pick me up, please? I'll buy you a drink.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,9/22/2013,30,171,,4,2>Blue Tower Cafe is a hidden little cafe located inside the Mallick, aka Blue, Tower.  I understand that this cafe was opened by a renowned chef which explains why the food is quite tasty.I've tried their hamburgers (big), wraps (yummy), soups (always a soup of the day), and salad bar (nothing special).  They have a different special of the day everyday, and it is always something worthy of dinner.  However, the cafe is only open for breakfast and lunch, Monday thru Friday - they basically cater to the local work crowd.  Check out their menu online which they update every week.  You can call in your order and they will have it ready for your to pick up.  Or you can dine in.  I believe that they also do catering.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,9/21/2013,111,121,,4,3>I'm a huge fan of Asian foods. Perhaps it's the delicious combination of spices and flavors, or perhaps its the fact that I am Asian myself, but there isn't much that can compete with a solid rice-and-curry combination. Living in the North Fort Worth/Fossil Creek area, I am not replete with culinary choices. While there are some pretty delicious restaurants in the area, the Asian places (read: Vietnamese and Chinese-fusion) places I have tried have been good, just not great. So when my girlfriend suggested the Thai and Sushi restaurant that had opened in Alliance center, I was naturally skeptical. Located adjacent to the Sam Moon store, Thai and Sushi Ave is a small restaurant right on the corner. Nothing stood out from the outside-however this isn't unusual for Texas. The inside was lightly decorated, clean and brightly lit. A cheerful server quickly had us seated, and gave us the menus. Generally, I'm a fan of smaller menus, and Thai and Sushi Ave has a suitably small yet competent menu, filled with several Thai standards as well as the typical sushi ordering paper menu. Whenever I go to a completely new restaurant, I like to try a sampling of several dishes, and so we decided to go with Potstickers (choice of fried or steamed...since it was our cheat day, fried!), Spicy California Roll and Spicy Salmon Roll, Red Curry Beef (Spice level Max), and Green Curry Chicken (Mild). Again, skeptical about a Thai restaurant serving sushi, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The sushi was as good as, if not better than actual Japanese restaurants! The spicy California roll had the crabmeat mixed with hot sauce, and was very nicely flavored. The salmon roll was fresh and delicious as well, and I am definitely going to try some of their more...creative choices. I always say that you can tell a good Thai restaurant by their green curry. Thankfully, the green curry was delicious and filled with a nice variety of vegetables (not the huge pile of usual bamboo shoot). However, the red curry was a lot better than the green curry due to its innate flavor complexity. Again, full of the right variety of vegetables (including eggplant). Thai and Sushi Ave has been a wonderful surprise and a venue I will definitely visit again, as often as I can. Try this place out. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/20/2013,49,59,1,3,2>( This all applies for their Breakfast) You have to either get here Before 10:30am during the week or Catch their Brunch on Saturdays 10am to 2pm) all 5 stars are going toward their VERY well put together Bacon, Egg and Cheese Breakfast Burrito. Good god. It's fits perfectly in both hands, No leakage, not very greasy and Everything is cooked perfectly. I mean the Bacon, Egg and Cheese Ratio is Phenomenal. Nice chunks of Bacon. Let me tell you. The Migas on the other hand were a Nahhh. Not the Migas I know and sometimes Loved.Paco and Johns Breakfast Burrito blows Esperanza's Breakfast Burritos Out of the water. Easy.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,9/19/2013,34,116,,3,2>I enjoyed it, parked over near the wade building. I loved Delta Rae. It was hard to find a place and sit or stand, so I eventually made my way to the beer and wine stand on the other side, it was fenced in and with some tables to lean against. So I sat there, enjoying the music and the calm, cool breeze.It did start to rain, but that was all right, the "free music under the stars" show won me over pretty well. Next time there's an event with them, I'll be sure to attend again, and with a blanket and possibly chair.  The music, as mentioned was stunning, and unfortunately I was unable to stay until the end due to the storm, but that's fine. I greatly enjoyed my time there and would love to attend again. I did have to stop at a cheap motel due to not wanting to get on that freeway when the weather started to come in, but that's another story altogether.Good job Arlington, and thanks for a great show! You'll see me around again, I'm sure
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,9/18/2013,77,119,2,2,3>I really like Baker Street, one of the few places I'll go that's smokey. Lately we've been sitting on the patio to avoid the smoke. If they have a live music you'll definitely hear it on the patio just fine. Speaking of live music, every time they've had a band they've been awesome! I've only heard cover bands, but they've all played great songs and keep the energy up. As for food, it's great for bar food, but I've also had a grilled chicken breast that was pretty decent. I mean if you're going there, you might as well get the good stuff right? MMm grease.Side note: My crew and I always hit that up Baker Street for New Years Eve (we bar hop, but always do "12am" at Baker). They've had a champagne toast at midnight every year we've gone.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/17/2013,546,102,19,9,7>Ok, this will be the strangest review to date for me. For the record, I do not like Mexican food (hold your boo's). My review is not based on food, because I only ate chips. Our family went for a family birthday lunch.  We had a reservation for 14. Well, 17 showed up. Most of us were already seated, and they had to get everyone up, all the chips and salsa, and move us to another room. The manager and server handled it nicely. Now serving my entire family is like a scene from The Klumps dinner table. It's not an easy task. My nephew dumped a whole bowl of salsa all over the table. Server cleaned it up with a smile. I at this time assured her she would be tipped accordingly.And finally, about 30 minutes into eating, my grandson had an "explsion"  while sitting in his high chair. Decorum prohibts me from giving details, but it was everywhere, the floor, the high chair, and on my daughter. There was dead silence in the entire place...... Poop had made its way into the dining area..... So my daughter grabs the lil one, runs to the bathroom, where her, my other daughter, and my wife begin the cleaning process. Meanwhite, back at the table, the workers and a few of us begin the dining room cleaning process. It was SO GROSS, SO SMELLY! People were getting up and leaving, gagging, etc.... The manager and workers managed to get everything clean very quickly. We all went for a good handwashing, and our checks were waiting on us when we got out of the restroom. They knew we had to go, and they probably wanted us to. But the 5 stars is for the way ALL of the employees dealt with this whole experience. It was amazing, and I cannot say I coulda done the same. In closing, I left a $50 bill on the table on top of 20% gratuity for the group. I dont like the food, but their service was second to none. The End....
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,9/16/2013,107,48,1,6,3>Unique.That's what I kept thinking with each bite. The flavors they have put together are unique to any BBQ I've had.Let's back up... We were at Gerhard's next door for dinner and noticed that his new BBQ place opened up down the hall. We decided to pop in after we ate to try a sample to see if we wanted to come back for a full meal. We met the owner and he provided us a sampler platter of brisket, pulled pork and turkey. Sooo good! We knew we'd be back.This week we went for dinner. The meal started off with jalapeno cornbread with honey butter. At first I thought this was a weird combo but it was very sweet together and delicious! The cornbread was as moist as I've ever had. I had the St. Louis style ribs, mac and cheese, fries and BBQ beans. Molly had the chopped brisket and turkey, green beans and fried okra.The ribs were a dry rub style but still juicy. They were meaty and cooked perfectly. The spice rub was ... here we go again ... unique! I don't know what spices he uses but it's the best dry rub I've had - and I've been to Memphis many times! Ask for all three of their homemade BBQ sauces! The sides were all good. The only one I didn't care for were the BBQ beans. I thought they were too sweet and could have added a touch of spice.The waitstaff was attentive and quick. Very professional and friendly.They have something special here. I think it's world's better than Dickey's or Roosters and it gives Rudy's a run for their money, even though it's a different style of BBQ. The only reason this wasn't 5 stars was that it's currently BYOB. I'd rather not haul my own beers into a restaurant but I understand that will be resolved soon.Try this place. You will love it!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,9/15/2013,21,86,1,4,4>While I live less than a mile away from this adorable little cafe, today was my first formal visit. (I attended a neighborhood function a few months ago, but it was crowded... I was shy... boring story.)One reason, however, for not going sooner was the concern over price. I've put myself on a budget, and $10 lunches don't mix well with said budget. Yet, I was out, I was hungry, it was there. So in I went.The menu is extensive-enough without being overwhelming (and I do get overwhelmed by menus, easily). The signage clear and paper menus if you prefer to sit and read at your own pace. Everything sounds udderly (rimshot; cuz, cheese, you know) delicious. Mostly all if not all locally sourced, which is a nice to-add.I almost went for the Fraiche Fish, then I remembered that creme fraiche and diets are probably not so good together. Instead, I ordered the Crooked Spaniard, and I don't regret it. Sweet, salty, and delish. Sandwiches are sided by fresh kale chips; quinoa salad can be subbed for extra $.To Erika C.'s point, it is a bit muggy inside. It was already 94 out when I arrived, and I figured if ti was going to be muggy inside, I may as well be warm outside with the lovely breeze. So, yes, they have outside seating, which was very pleasant.The cashier was very nice and helpful, as well as attentive, coming out to check on me - the lone outdoor patron. I will return again. Perhaps for dessert.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/14/2013,107,119,,9,1>I am a big fan of this place.  I did the 21 day challenge where they build you a meal plan.  5 meals a day for 21 days.  I lost 4% body fat and I wasn't busting my ass to do it.  All of the meals are very healthy.  They are all organic.  They have a bunch of gluten or dairy free options.  The only thing I noticed are quite a few are pretty high in sodium.  They have personal nutritionists on hand to help you out, free of charge.  Pretty bad ass.They offer a house payment account that you preload.  The more you preload, the more "bonus bucks" you get.  I put $1500 on and I think I got $250 in free money.  I look at it as getting a 15% discount.  Not bad.The prices are somewhat high.  But these are not Lean Cuisines or something.  They were prepared in the kitchen behind the cooler and only have a shelf life of 2-4 days.  It is real food.  And dang good.  Some of their snack meals are a little over priced for sure tho.  Half an apple (sliced) and some grapes and cheese for $4.  Meh.  I still buy it because I am way too lazy to cook my own food.  Give this place a go if you want to eat healthy, and with minimal effort.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,9/13/2013,152,106,2,5,3>I was 17 years old when I first went to Four Day Weekend. (Now I'm 32). As juniors in high school, we worked down the street from 4Day at Pangburn's Chocolate Company (which is now Jamba Juice). Since it was the first year of 4Day, we would do trade-outs. Candy/Chocolate for tickets. And we went all. the. time.So it was nice to come back a LOT of years later for the Yelp Elite event last night and see a lot of the same hilarious men in the cast. They hadn't lost an ounce of their funny. A great staple in Fort Worth for any occasion.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,9/11/2013,41,191,,2,1>We have gone here twice and it didn't disappoint. Some things on the menu are a bit pricy, while other are not. The atmosphere is trendy, but relaxed, great fro kids too. Though we have only sat outside.They offer a great variety of wine, except I was disappointed that they don't offer a chianti by the glass. Ah, hello, we are in an Italian restaurant! They offer typical Italian courses, but they also have a specialties menu. This month they had a special peach bellini sample for only a dollar. We tried the Marchese, which is toasted ciabatta roll, with prosciutto, burrata cheese and virgin olive oil. This was good, but I would have preferred if the cheese was warm, it was ice cold. I had the hearts of palm salad which was delicious. We tried the Orecchiette Alla Calabrese, Taglierini Pepati con Gamberi, Rucola e Mascarpone, Bucatoni Rustici and Shellfish Ravioli. All had a great flavor, fresh and yummy. The one I would put in last place was the orecchiette.This seems like it would be a great local place for weekly dinners. If you're in the mood for Italian, check it out!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,9/10/2013,3,50,9,11,5>The earlier reviews have been really hard on this place. They all complain about the service, even though they're all coming in on the *FIRST WEEK THEY'RE OPEN*!! Give 'em a break! The joint has been full to capacity every day since they opened (I drive by on my way home from work and the lot is always full.) and you complain that it took 20 minutes to get your order? Really?!I finally got a chance to try it out myself. The place was busy, but we did get a table right away. Our server was busy, but polite and got the job done.They've done a fair job giving the place an English pub vibe. I'm not a beer guy, but the seem to have a good selection. The menu offers several authentic pub dishes at mid-range prices with Texas size servings.Keep in mind what you're getting here. England is not known for their cuisine. I watched as an adjacent table got an order of bubble and squeak. It looked exactly like the bubble and squeak I had IN LONDON. But the customers complained that it didn't have much flavor. Yes. That's true. It was flavorless IN LONDON.We started off with Scotch eggs. Never had them before and they were delish!My wife had the classic fish 'n chips. They were great! Large fillets, properly breaded, and not greasy. The fries were... well fries. Nothing to write home about.I tried bangers and mash for the first time, so I don't have a point of reference, but I enjoyed it. Next time (and there will definitely be a next time) I'm ordering the shepherds pie. The next table order it and it looked amazing.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/9/2013,356,554,1,5,3>It was about 7 pm and we decided to get mani/pedis and this place let us come in at 7:15.  Tina serviced both of us.  She took her time on my pedicure and did not rush at all as they were closing at 7:30.  She was really nice and I felt relaxed while getting my pedicure.  My pedicure was perfect.  The one thing that the hubby really enjoyed was the manicure as she really took her time.  The prices here are much cheaper than the "unknown" location down the street.    I think we found our new place to get our mani/pedis.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,9/8/2013,55,94,3,4,4>When life hands you lemons, take them to the Usual and have the bartender make you some very special lemonade.  I am not a huge cocktail drinker, except for when I come to the Usual.  The bartenders have a vast depth of knowledge when it comes to mixing drinks and can create something you will fall in love with.  My favorites are the Juliet and Romeo (a smooth and refreshing gin drink) and the Hemingway daiquiri (a tart rum drink).
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,9/7/2013,88,258,2,4,3>Ever since I checked out the menu and saw they have gouda mac & cheese, I had been dying to go try out Winewood. I finally got the husband on board and I ended up loving it for so much more than the delicious, cheesy pasta dish of my dreams.It's beautiful inside, with lots of wood and fireplaces, but somehow is also modern. The staff was ridiculously friendly - everyone from the hostess to the busboy was kind and personable. They had a great selection of wines with something for every budget. And they had some really interesting cocktails - nothing crazy, but nice twists on old classics. My husband had the whiskey smash which was tasty without being too frou-frou.My husband also had a love affair with the rotisserie chicken dish he got. Being a vegetarian, I didn't sample it, but he was clearly in love with it. So we can't wait to go back - hooray!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,9/6/2013,93,131,1,6,2>Okie dokie!! So for the love of Yelp! I went here two days in a row just so I could do a review on both the inside and the drive thru. (Um, yeah sure...that's why I did it!! LOL!!) Inside - The atmosphere on the inside is funky, very loud and fun. This is definitely a family friendly environment with board games on the tables and friendly workers. The menu is a TAD overwhelming, so it would probably be a better idea to look online first if you are as indecisive as I am. I wouldn't say this is the fastest operation on the inside, but it is definitely faster than the drive thru. Maybe 5 to 10 minutes? Drive Thru - It is a LONG wait. VERY LONG! The up side to this is that you can read the whole menu a few times before having to order, so the nerve wrecking ordering process is gone.  The wait was probably 15-20 minutes. In fact, when I was waiting, three cars left the line and just parked and went inside. I think this is all growing pains though, I am sure that it will get better as the summer goes on.Products - The shaved ice is fluffy and light. Although they do pack it down a little so you get the biggest bang for your buck, it is still deliciously light. The flavors are WAY elevated from just the regular old cherry. I had Pina Colada with rum flavoring (tastes almost alcoholic), and Jamaican Punch the first time, and peach and mango the second time. I will be trying strawberry and coconut next. yum!!! The smoothies are good, but they are lacking a little. The balance is a little off with too much banana. Banana is a very strong flavor and it overwhelms a smoothie quickly. Although it was good, it wasn't the best smoothie but we are eager to try a different flavor soon.Price - It's a tad expensive for what it is, but it is worth it to me. (I LOVED SHAVED ICE!) I guess it really depends on what you are getting and how much of it. The small is actually a lot of shaved ice, but regular is a better value. :) I would just get a big one and share. Since you can pick different flavors to go on the ice, it makes it easier to please more than one person. :) Overall- I really like this place. It reminds me of college (I went to school in Hawai'i) and home. (California) I can't put my finger on it, but I can tell this is going to be the start of a beautiful obsession.Oh, they also have 1/2 off Happy Hour Sodas from 2pm-5pm.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,9/5/2013,199,200,,4,3>Just so you know, the $ for Avoca's price range is accurate in that items in the menu fall under $10. However, I hear a lot of people say - Dude... Avoca is pretty expensive. And yeah, it is. You'll be paying more for a cup of joe here than you would at Starbucks. However, it's a whole lot better than Starbucks.I love coffee. We have a long history together. I've been in love with coffee since I was five years old. Unfortunately coffee didn't love me... because it stunted my growth -_-As huge a fan of Starbucks as I am, I really really look forward to my Avoca coffee visits (it's a little bit of a drive). I love dark  strong coffee with mild sweeteners and they get the job done at Avoca. The guys here are funny and nice and I could spend hours here chatting with my friends and sipping on their brews.I don't come here often, but it's worth the drive and the extra $.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,9/4/2013,20,84,2,2,2>Martha's is close to the house and Mexican food well done.  Nothing special about the set up, but it can get packed during peak dining hours.  The salsa is good and the menu has all the traditional choices.  I'm pretty easy to please, so I normally stick with fajitas...and I like these.  However, my main reason for coming here is the "Martharita."  It's top shelf with Patron silver...  I suggest you get one too.  Make sure you stir it up first, because that Patron is sitting on top ready to punch you in the face when they serve it.  I've had nothing but good experiences here, that I can remember...
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/3/2013,135,233,2,8,2>It has its charm, no doubt. Looks unassuming and whatever from the outside, and diner-ish inside. My friend and I sat at the diner seats along the counter and were greeted immediately by our server. She was so friendly and attentive (plus she suggested the slice of pie we ordered, which was tasty!).ordered an omelet with sausage and cheese with a side of biscuits. i forget what my friend ordered, but--on top of what each of us ordered--we did i split a waffle. and a slice of coconut chocolate pie. carb-alicious haha.Overall it was a solid breakfast--good ol' American food, for lack of a better term. The biscuits especially were good, probably made from scratch. And the coconut chocolate pie had bits of coconut in it, which was pretty creative and added texture.I think I prefer Ol' South on University Ave to Paris, just because of the larger portions (plus Ol' South has the German pancake!!!) at a similar price, but Paris is solid nevertheless. I don't know how good the lunch/dinner is, but breakfast is definitely a thumbs-up.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,9/2/2013,55,196,,5,3>I really enjoyed my first visit to Rusty Taco.  The employees were enthusiastic and helpful and the food was fresh and delicious.  We tried the pork, brisket, shrimp, and fried chicken tacos (see pics) and all of them were great.  It's too hard for me to pick a favorite, but I loved the fried chicken and shrimp tacos (and the brisket and pork).  The tacos come with corn tortillas, but you can request flour.  I requested flour, but after trying my wife's corn tortillas, I think I'll get the corn next time...maybe.  There was a slight confusion on our order, which couldn't have delayed it more than a couple minutes, but the manager gave us free chips, guacamole and salsa explaining that it took longer than it should have...wow.  The place seemed extremely well managed and they were obviously looking for ways to improve their efficiency.  They also have some delicious looking sides including black beans and the chips and guacamole.  Next time I go back I'll probably just get 2 tacos and a side of black beans or chips.  They have a few different beers on tap and margaritas.  I tried the watermelon margarita and it did not disappoint.  We also had a fried apple taco (aka turnover) for dessert.  I liked everything about this place including their outdoor patio, which is a great spot to eat some tacos and kick back a few cold ones.  Rusty Taco will be a great addition to this cool part of town and will give Dentonites another cool eating place in block already full of awesome food.  Tacos-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Taco House Ambiance-5 stars, Value-5 stars.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,9/1/2013,43,145,5,2,2>Dear Glorious Food Deities,Please forgive my ignorance of Flying Fish's epic eats. I am but a simple man, I will repent, I swear! Have pity!Ok now that my grovelling is done, I am still perplexed as to how I managed to avoid this place for so long. Not to mention, there just aren't that many go-to places for fish in Fort Worth. But, at the end of last year, I finally made it to Flying Fish and now it is one of my favorite places to go. Flying Fish is one of those places where you get seriously stressed out when trying to order because everything on their menu looks so damned good. Several types of fish, both freshwater and saltwater (I love the snapper) served several types of ways (grilled, blackened, fried), plus other things such as fried shrimp, an assortment of po'boys, jambalaya, oysters, and plenty others. So it isn't just the simple fried-food-shack that I ignorantly thought it to be. If you like things that live in the sea, then you will like Flying Fish, plain and simple. As mentioned earlier, my favorite thing to order is grilled Red Snapper, just reminds me of all the nice trips down to the coast. Modestly priced at 10 bucks too. Which brings me to the next point, you can get your saltwater fish fix in without breaking the bank, unlike at other restaurants such as Pappadeux, Blu Crab, or Eddie V's.But let's get to the best thing they have and something that is a requirement for any legit fish shack: the Hush Puppies. Mother of god, they are good. On our trip this past weekend, I wasn't all too hungry, so I ordered a cup of Seafood Gumbo and a side of Hush Puppies which not only filled me up, I had to share the rest with the table. All in all, it is now one of my favorite places to go, where merely its mention will cause my ears to perk up. The only downside is that yes, the parking is problematic. My advice is just take extra time or go outside the normal dinner rush hours. Either way, it is worth the wait.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/31/2013,132,138,3,4,2>Doesn't get better than this place if you are looking for authentic thai/laos cuisine. My favorite is the red curry with tofu and the drunken noodles. Flavors are vibrant. Spices are def on FIRE! But also the marriage of veggies and protein along with the noodles are on point! Its now become my favorite Thai place...sorry Magic Springroll.  I also love that they deliver! You will not be disappointed when dining here! =) (i'm also so happy because it is 9 minutes from my house!)
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,8/30/2013,80,228,1,6,2>OK, so only having been in the area for 4 days, I am still trying to get the lay of the land. While talking to some locals, they said that this place was THE place to go for breakfast. I arrived around 10 am on Saturday morning and was seated quickly. This place reminds me of home. There are cookie jars everywhere. I mean encasing the wall. I was surprised that it wasn't insanely crowded. So apparently the run 'happy hour' three times a day in which you can buy 9 cinnamon rolls and get 9 free for x amount of dollars. Even though it was close to the end when we arrived, we were able to take advantage of the special. I hear the freeze pretty well and stay in the fridge for up to a week. I doubt they will last that long, meaning they may well be consumed long before the week fridge time, but that is good to know.So I went with the Texas Triple, which kind of reminded me of the horseshoe that you can get in Springfield, IL. The Texas Triple: two buttermilk biscuits topped with your meat of choice, two scrambled eggs, and hash-browns smothered in country gravy and cheese. It was so good and so filling, that I had to take half of it home to have the next day. Think I may have to check this place out more often!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/29/2013,81,320,4,2,2>I was an Indian virgin...uh, I mean I hadn't had any Indian food...until I came here the other day for the lunch buffet. It was delicious. I couldn't tell you what all I got, and certainly couldn't pronounce most of it, but everything I ate was yummy. The waitress wasn't super attentive, but she got the job done.You can't beat $7 for a buffet of yummy food. Stop by for lunch - you won't regret it.(Oh, the people I was with said that this place is a little more toned down in the spice dept, so you might want to keep that in mind.)
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/28/2013,60,126,3,5,4>This was amazing.  I don't know why it took me so long to stop in here.  My it was the ghost of Catfish Floyd's.  Maybe it was that I sometimes think it's an state inspection place.  I was wrong to wait.Even as I got out of the car, I could smell smoke and meat.  The smoker is sitting outside under the old gas station awning and there's wood stacked all over the place.  It smelled amazing.The folks working the window remind me of Tropical Ice's Burger Lady.  Just absolutely the happiest faces to ever hand me food.  It just tastes better when the people making it are so damn happy to do it.The menu has a fairly nice variety of meats and portions with a nice selection of sides.  Everything from sandwiches to family sized meals.   I got a the Rib Tip "Sandwich".  I didn't understand the quotation marks until I opened up the box.  A mountain of rib tips with two pieces of bread on top.  Nice.Look.  Everything was incredible.  I demolished it all.  A little bit of twangy spice hiding behind tons of smokiness and a fair helping a sticky fingers.  Incredible.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,8/27/2013,147,187,2,6,5>For seafood in Fort Worth, Waters honestly does it the best. I came here with a party 3 and we all sat up at the bar. Being our first time there, we had a ton of questions. The bartenders were super sweet and knowledgeable.Each of us started with a different cocktail - I can't remember what mine was called but it was the perfect combination of sweet and strong. My friend had one with aloe in it which was as equally amazing.We started off with three appetizers - three different types of oysters, the spring rolls and the jumbo lump crab cakes. The oysters were extremely fresh, my favorite kind being the summer side oysters. The spring rolls are deep fried with crawfish and sausage added in. Perfect amount of greasiness and flavor. I love jumbo lump crab cakes and these ones didn't impress me too much. Light breading on the outside and pieces of crab meat in the middle and a sauce. I think the pieces of crab meat could have been a bit more seasoned for my taste. Our entrees consisted of a portabella mushroom with goat cheese and zucchini, the seared scallops, and a lobster roll. My favorite dish of course was my entrée - the mushroom. The mushroom was meaty and the creamy goat cheese just made it heavenly. And to compliment the mushroom was the thinly sliced zucchini which was a bit salty, but it was enough to make the whole dish come together. The scallops were perfectly paired with a veggie topping and a sauce and the lobster roll was prepared nicely with some kind of celery topping and a side of chips. We also ordered a side of the lobster mac and cheese. I tried only the top portion of the dish and thought "meh" until my friends told me to dig into the cheesey goodness that was on the bottom. Thank goodness they had the sense to keep that away from me during the entire meal because I would have gobbled up the mac and cheese just because of that sauce. For desserts, we ordered the chocolate tart and bread pudding. I am not a big fan of bread pudding and this dessert did not change my mind. The chocolate tart had me at BOOZE INFUSED berries. I wish I had ordered extra berries because they went so well with the richness of the chocolate ganache. I haven't been this excited about food for a while. I would come back just for some oysters and chocolate tart or if I really want something exquisite, I will come back and dine regularly.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,8/26/2013,37,48,4,6,4>Once upon a time, I needed a beer.Now, I did the Color Me Rad 5k Race in Fort Worth, near LaGrave field.  I thought, yippee, it's at 1pm, I don't have to wake up early.  WRONG.  It was like 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit!   So as we sweated and complained about the heat.  My friend and me thought, well we can walk this and then get to the brewery.  Because who needs water when you are dehydrated, just go get a beer!   Drink the water later!  ATMOSPHERE:There is a small parking lot near the brewery, but you can park across the street in a lot.  We did that.  We safely crossed the street and headed in.  It is $10 bucks to get in and you get stamped like you are 21 and hitting da club, and you get a bracelet, kinda like when you were 21 and up.  You know you are 21 now.  Just accept it.  They also take credit cards for those of you don't roll with cash like me.  That's nice.  People like to use that debit card!!!  They hand you a glass that has their name and the glass looked like the beginnings of a pop can.  So you get 3 beers so you can try a variety.  From light beer to dark beer.  It's a wide open space, and there is a dart board.  There was a pair of musicians that played which was great.  Not too loud, just great.  Acoustic.  There is a place for buying t-shirts, they give a tour and they have some food if you are starving.  Plus they have a giant bucket of pretzels.  Bonus.  They also have 2 big jugs of COLD water.  Good job.  Some folks need some water, ok, so I had some of the water myself...but later.DRINKS:I tried the daybreak first, based on my friend's recommendation.  One word. DELICIOUS.  A light beer with a great taste.  I could drink a keg of that easy.  Then I thought well, I should try another flavor too, so I tired the River House.  It was a light, crisp beer.  Good for summer drinking.  I would recommend to start with this beer and then move to the daybreak.  It's a lighter beer.  Fruity, yummy.  Picture yourself in the pool.  OVERALL:Not crowded, but the buzz is happening.  Good space for parking, FRIENDLY, FRIENDLY staff.  I can't tell you how they are so nice, and mark your wristband.  It is clear they want to drink a beer with you!  I also really like their company logo and phrase,  Texas beer, made by Texans. It's clever and I like their graphic of the bird.  Good stuff.  So go there, have 3 beers, high five your friends.  Make some new ones!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,8/25/2013,297,590,3,8,6>Tokyo Cafe and I go way back :) I pop by for a quick lunch at the sushi bar, celebrate birthdays or have a romantic dinner for two. Living in Arlington Heights and having this gem of a sushi joint just a few blocks away is awesome! They are always full of regulars- great sign! I love the food here. The specials rotate and change. Right now they have a yuzu albacore roll that has got to be one of my favorite flavor combinations! The sauce that accompanies the roll is divine! Another favorite is the tonkatsu pork ramen. The broth is so flavorful. You can taste that a lot of time and effort went in to perfecting this recipe. The cucumber salad and octopus salad are staples when we go as well. I can't forget the New York Sunrise roll. The little slivers of jalapeno on top give it a nice kick. If you are feeling like something crispy and fried- do the Tok Fries- voted the best fries in Funky Town. The staff is always friendly- from the chefs to the servers. If it's busy with a wait OR if you come in after the lunch rush, the service is consistently great. When we dine here there is a family feel and we love it. Mary, one of the owners, is always walking about- checking on you and making sure that you are having a wonderful dining experience. If you haven't been here you need to go, now. You're missing out!!!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,8/24/2013,0,8,,3,2>My new favorite doughnut shop!  My best friends recommended this place to me and I tried it with my husband two weeks ago.  The Cookies and Cream and Red Velvet Cream doughnuts are AMAZING.  The place is adorable inside and the staff members are all very professional and good looking! I've also tried their homemade biscuit breakfast sandwiches and was definitely impressed.  Today I bought a Raspberry Dream doughnut for my coworker and she loved it!  I will definitely be stopping by here to buy more doughnuts for my job which is conveniently less than a mile away!Definitely try this adorable place!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,8/23/2013,13,25,,9,3>I've been here three times now, and I've been consistently impressed every time.  Outstanding Turkish food.  The hummus is great.  The felafel is great.  It's all great.  Even the rice is fantastic.I always go in there thinking I'm going to try something new, but I keep landing on the Iskender kebab, and I'm always glad I did.  I cannot recommend it highly enough.  Everything about it is outstanding.  The wait staff is very friendly, and the owner, who can frequently be found in the restaurant, is a super-nice dude from Turkey.  The ambiance is very cozy and comfortable.  No TVs, no annoying FM radio.  This is a really great place to go on a date as well.As if you need more of an excuse to try this fantastic restaurant, it's also BYOB.  So do yourself a favor- grab a nice bottle of wine or some high quality beer, and go have some delicious Turkish cuisine.  You will not be disappointed.You can also find some coupons on their website for a 10-15% discount Monday-Thursday.  istanbulgrilltx.com/ista
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,8/22/2013,243,187,3,2,4>I first went to Uncle Bo's a couple of years ago when their menu was pretty much a "me-too" hamburg menu (clones from all the other joints around).My last visit (2 days ago) brought me to meet a new, expanded menu.   Sandwiches, salads, subs, and beautifully cold draft-beer!  I inhaled one of the Cheese Steak subs based on comments I'd read here.  Soft roll, piled slices of steak, grilled onions and peppers.   It even came with a cup of au'jus but didn't need it.  The sandwich was dripping with juice and was so flavorful, the au'jus was not needed.  Being nothing close to an authentic Philly sub of the same name, this was the epitome of Delicious in my own backyard.  I'll take that.   Sides were very good and included fried pickles, jalapeno buttons (sliced and fried) and cheese fries.Draft beers come in 2 sizes.   Normal..and FRIGGIN HUGE!Bottom line:If I were single Uncle Bo's was a woman, I would date her while maintaining a careful distance to avoid any remnants of past-relationship scarring or traumatic  events.Then again, she wouldn't have draft beer, so never mind.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,8/21/2013,9,100,3,6,3>We walked in last Sunday a few minutes after 1pm and there was still about a 15-20 minute wait for a table inside. The nice hostess suggested that we could sit at the bar immediately without any wait, so we decided to do that. The bartender, Ashley, immediately introduced herself and her other co-workers to us. We had the Mimosa and Peach Bellini (frozen) from the bar. I personally loved the Mimosa because it was a nice change to have it made with freshly squeezed orange juice instead of the concentrate. We were having a hard time deciding on the appetizer and Ashley was nice enough to suggest the Margherita Stuffed Flatbread which we loved. I loved the Grilled Salmon Pasta that I ordered from the "Lighter Side of Rome" menu.  Everything on this menu is 550 calories or less. The salmon was perfectly cooked and the veggies were so fresh and tasty. The sauce was just right and not too oily or creamy at all. My hubby liked his Pasta Pomodoro with Chicken too.  I had a taste of his chicken and liked how tender it was. All the dishes were perfectly seasoned and not too oily or salty at all. We didn't get a chance to try their desserts but Ashley said that the Cheesecake and Crème Brulee are a must try. I forgot to mentioned that after we had our appetizer and was waiting for our entrée, the manager actually came over to apologize about how long our main courses were taking. We didn't even say anything at all and had only been waiting for about 10 minutes.  Therefore, we were quite surprised that she noticed and was so nice about it.  I can't believe that this restaurant just had their grand opening on 8/1, because they definitely have everything down already.  Final Verdict: Everyone must come and give it a try.  They have Happy Hour every Monday-Friday from 3:30-6:30pm.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/20/2013,75,237,,5,3>This places is a hidden oasis of brunch goodness.My mom has been badgering me for years to try CSFW's brunch and I finally decided to make a reservation for us to have brunch as a belated Mother's day treat.As mentioned in the other reviews, the cost is $16.95 pp. When they seat you, you get a choice of three different entree's (i chose the seafood cake with Orzo, my mom chose the grilled pork chop with polenta) along with fresh made bread, homemade fabulous  strawberry lemon marmalade, and flavored butters. In addition to that, you have access to the various food stations. They have a salad and soup station, an omelet station, a pasta station, and a dessert station. They provide you with basic beverages such as coffee, iced tea, orange juice - but you can also BYOB so making your own mimosas are definitely an option.I could go on an on about how wonderful my meal and experience was - i really cant say enough but here's a short version:My seafood cake was heavenly. it consisted of crab, shrimp, and cod. it was mostly seafood and didn't require along of binders. I was seriously disappointed that it was gone so quickly. Keep in mind, your entree is more of a small plate, however with all the other goodies at the stations you'll definitely leave stuffed. The soup i got was a corn chowder that was excellent. Of course, you cant go wrong with an omelet! it was fluffy and perfectly cooked. I passed on the pasta station because i was getting too full and I didn't want to miss out on dessert.I loved how all of the staff was eager to talk about the food, process, etc. Their service was impeccable and made our experience very memorable. They even had a guy there playing the acoustic guitar. If you love food and love being around people who enjoy discussing ingredients and techniques this place is for you. Heck, even if you just want to eat and chill this place is for you!Make sure you call ahead for a reservation. Also: i would consider this place more kid-tolerant than kid-friendly.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,8/19/2013,1341,757,4,9,6>You know how the post office makes you wait forever because they're understaffed and there's always a line? I highly suggest sending your stuff here because the service is fast and friendly and they use USPS, FEDEX, and DHL. I saw a few more but I forgot which ones. I'm sure they have what you need. I also saw a bunch of packaging stuff for sell so that's a huge plus if you need to send something awkwardly shaped. I came in and sent out a package was in and out of there in less than a few minutes. FASTEST ERRAND EVER!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/18/2013,30,102,6,4,5>Damian's isn't much to look at from the outside - or inside, for that matter - but the scrumptious cajun soul food more than makes up for it!  The ever-changing daily menu features classics such as seafood etouffee, gumbo, fried chicken, smothered pork chops, or perhaps some tangy ribs.  Can't go wrong no matter what you pick - all of the main dishes taste home-cooked.  The side dishes are fantastic.  My favorite is the smothered cabbage - a combination of sweet, spicy and something vaguely bacon (bacon grease?).  It ain't health food, but sure is delicious.  Other great "indulgence" sides that might be available on the day of your visit include the mac and cheese (comes with a little kick) and hush puppies (with kernels of corn inside - yum!).  More than once I've chosen my main dish based on what sides are available with it.  The staff is super friendly in a Southern "yes sir, yes ma'am" kind of way.  It's lunch-counter service, folks - walk up, order, pay, take your styrofoam plate with you, sit down and eat.  Desserts are purportedly available - pound cake seems to be a regular feature - but I've never had room for dessert after a lunch at Damian's.There are a few quirks you should be aware of if you have certain hangups.  The sign says "no public restrooms", so don't go in expecting to lather up at a marble sink before your meal (there's a small restroom in the kitchen if you really need it).  A bottle of hand sanitizer is available at the counter so suck it up, buttercup - the food is worth it.  Also, you'll likely leave with a faint kitchen smell to your clothes that fades within 30 minutes - a small price to pay for a home-cooked meal.  If either of these seriously bother you, consider ordering to go.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/17/2013,135,469,1,5,3>I've been four times now and do think this is the best Italian in the area.  I've tried four different entrees:two were excellent (sausage & peppers parmigiana, manicotti)one was very good (shrimp scampi)one wasn't to my taste (carbonara) -- but I have to give them props for not calling alfredo with ham & peas carbonara like most places do.  They use all the right ingredients but somehow the balance was a little off from how I like it, hard to say exactly why.  But, they have enough other good stuff that it's no biggie.Everything "meatball" is wonderful here - both their homemade italian meatballs and the lamb meatball special (which I went home and tried to duplicate the next day).  We can't visit without ordering a meatball appetizer.  Their meat sauce is rich and flavorful - I don't think you can go wrong with any of the red sauce dishes.The cherry bread pudding was really good, I was sad that they were out of it tonight but my waistline thanks me.  (We won't mention that I filled my tummy with sangrias when I got home..no we won't!)If I could ask them to change one teensy thing, it would be to offer a cream based salad dressing in addition to a vinaigrette.  I know, I know, it's not authentic Italian -- but I really just don't like vinegar.  Some days their vinaigrette is more vinegary than others, but really I'd just like some ranch or blue cheese or anything not vinegary.But, we've always had excellent service and great food at pretty reasonable prices.  I look forward to trying more of the menu and I'm sure I'll give myself plenty of opportunity.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,8/16/2013,298,874,2,11,4>A truly unique gem in Keller, Texas.I was quite intrigued when I saw the temporary signs go up, months back, for a Filipino and Hawaiian restaurant (in the OM Sushi location). This past week I finally got my chance to try it. I gotta say, I'll definitely be going back. But before I delve into my review, I want to start out by saying there were two service issues that kept this from a five star review. Issue number one is there was zero time between the arrival of our appetizer and our mains (which is too bad, considering the next issue). Issue number two, and this is a big one, is that they ran out of rice. This is unforgivable, and it's only the deliciousness of the food that kept my rating from being lower. Based on our dishes, and those around us, the saucy (almost soupy) nature of these cuisines begs for rice. So why, if you run out of rice, don't you hold the mains until the fresh batch of rice is done? We were told all dishes are made to order. I would gladly have waited for the next batch of rice to finish cooking. Thuy and I sat there, first finishing our lumpia (a type of egg-roll), and then gingerly nibbling on our papaya chicken and pinakbet (a medley of pork, shrimp and vegetables, and if I'm not mistaken, a bit of fermented shrimp paste) waiting for the rice to arrive. It was the longest 25 minutes I've ever experienced in a restaurant. When the rice did arrive, half our mains already gone, it was some of the best rice I have ever eaten. It complimented the dishes perfectly. I only wish we had it sooner. The egg-rolls were unique. I believe pork and vegetable, served with a rather sour (vinegar based) dipping sauce. Too sour for Thuy's taste, but I liked it. My papaya chicken was very good. Fresh papaya and super tender chicken, this dish (from the Hawaiian side of the menu) was yum! It was a little spicy, little as in I hardly noticed, so next time I'll have them kick it up a notch. Thuy's selection, the pinakbet (from the Filipino side) was also very good. I liked the perfectly cooked shrimp, pork and eggplant, but if you are not ready for the bitter melon (one of Thuy's favorites), you might be in for a surprise (it's bitter, hence the name). I also think there was a hint of fermented shrimp paste (mam tom in Vietnamese). This is not a favorite flavor of mine, but it was subtle enough as to not ruin the dish.  The restaurant is cozy. Nicely decorated with Hawaiian music softly playing in the background. Only the occasional ad for a Jaguar dealership in Dallas marred the mood of being somewhere exotic.So bottom line, we'll be back. There are more dishes I want to try. The initial lack of rice was a huge disappointment, but thankfully the wonderful flavors of our dishes soothed our feelings. Hopefully the rice shortage will never repeat.PS. BYOB for now (anyone know where I can buy San Miguel Dark?), but an alcohol license may be in the works.PPS. Edited for typos 8/16/2013. I guess I rushed this one.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,8/14/2013,177,346,2,2,2>this place is so hip LOL. no sarcasm!walking in you are greeted right away and since it was my first time i was glad the hostess was nice and let us know how this place worked lol.im kinda put off on water being served in a solo cup. LOL.the beer selection here is great i wish i could of tried the cafe side of stuff.i had the chili cheese fries. and they were really sweet and crunchy idk if i like that. it was fancy i suppose.the staff here is very helpful and they know what they are selling. id def come back here but its not someplace id go every weekend haha.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,8/13/2013,332,311,6,5,4>I have patronized THE Smoke Pit for years and was just afraid to admit it.  Actually, I was just hoping that the secret about the Friday Special (2" thick-cut smoked pork chop) wouldn't get even more popular.  Basically, the line starts at 10:30am on Friday mornings and I have been there many times at 11:10 and the kitchen is ringing the bell to tell the servers that all of the 180 chops are gone.This place IS a hole-in-wall.  It might have been shut down for kitchen or building violations if it weren't for the fact that the inspectors are likely seated next to you.  Seriously, this place is so packed with tables of people that you have lawyers seated next to construction workers next to police officers next to oil/gas men - all elbow deep into good BBQ.  I heard years ago that it has been opened for decades, but the recent owner (Sammy, I think) has had great success.  I can't say what this place is like for dinner - the area of town is a bit scary to me - but for lunch it is definitely an interesting slice of Texas.The rest of the menu is good, but honestly, I only go for the pork-chop and cold-beer (Yes, I occasionally drink before noon.  Actually, I drink AFTER noon a lot too)
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/12/2013,195,245,9,7,4>When people say "best margaritas" I don't ever believe them. You won't get me on the bandwagon by hearsay and my friend Stacy didn't steer me wrong. Granted I smelled like sweat and looked like an extra from an 80's workout video, but that didn't have nothing to do with what my tummy and my mouth were in for. I ABSOLUTELY loved this place. Right up my alley. I am not a froo froo gal. Gimme a cold beer, a game on the big screen, and some good food and I am yours. This little nugget of a place did just that. I had 2 margaritas, which by the way left me with no yucky mixer aftertaste and remained frozen the entire time I was drinking it, and the brisket quesadillas. Will I go back? ABSOLUTELY. Will I have other things off the menu? CHECK! Will I go in workout gear again.....ummmmmmmmmmmm maybe?! TIPS: get the queso to start....delicioso! ALSO...always get the bigger margarita. It's more bang for your buck!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,8/11/2013,60,154,1,7,3>I have just discovered this hidden gem, thanks to my friends who recommended this place in their podcast (Denton Dallas & Beyond), recently.  For people growing up in the US, pizza or macaroni & cheese may be their go-to comfort foods. For me, Taipei Railroad is my comfort food go-to place in Denton to get some home style of Chinese/Taiwanese cooking without cooking at home. Authentic, affordable, and in Denton: A win win place for me.Oh yeah! Cash only.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,8/10/2013,103,100,4,8,3>Yeah, um, so far so good. Great selection of beer, killer streetside patio, and it's in a cool refurbished 1920s house (there's even a front porch on which to relax and imbibe or yell at punk kids on the lawn or whittle or start a jug band...I suppose the possibilities are endless). It has a very similar vibe to the venerable Ginger Man, only on Magnolia. Since it just opened, it's only liquid refreshments for the time being, but I've heard they'll have a menu in a couple of weeks once they get up and rolling (which likely means non-smoking, which I personally am stoked to hear when any new place opens up). Service really wasn't bad for a place that was only open for its first or second day, so props to them for that.All in all, there isn't much to not like about a new laid-back place like this on Magnolia.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/9/2013,52,84,,13,4>This may be a bit premature, as Coyote has only been open a week or two... but heck, I'm a fan!I can't quite think of how to put this into a narrative, so we'll just go point-by-point:-  It's a good location. Smack-dab between the Stockyards area and downtown, you shouldn't have any problems finding your way in. Great view of the Fort Worth skyline once you're actually on-site, too.-  I bought two adult tickets online before arriving, and we were checked in quickly despite getting in just twenty minutes before the first feature. No hassles or fuss, and the attendants were friendly.-  My wife and I usually fill up before heading to a movie, as concession prices can be pretty insane. We didn't have time to do that before coming to Coyote, and you know what? That was fine. The concessions are really very reasonably priced: we split a pizza (six dollars) and fries (two dollars), and I had a beer (four dollars). That got us through the double feature just fine, and the fries were actually quite good! We had no complaints about the food.-  Everything seemed clean, and everything seemed to run smoothly. We didn't have to wait in line for our food, as there were plenty of cashiers open. The entire patio area seemed really nice, with most of the guests being young couples on dates. A few people walking dogs, and maybe a kid or two in tow. We didn't see anything untoward like a few of the other reviews here mention, but that may have had something to do with our timing: we came in on a Monday night. I can't speak to what it might be like on a Friday or Saturday!-  So, yeah: the wife and I are back in school, and we can be pretty price-sensitive sometimes. Eight dollars for a double-feature totally works for us, and the cheap, quality concessions are definitely another selling point.There are a couple things we'll probably try to do differently on our next visit:-  While we had an unobstructed view of the screen, I wish we had come earlier and gotten in closer. You lose a lot of the visual "punch' movies can have if you're all the way in the back.-  We'll probably pick more plot-driven movies. The Great Gatsby traded pretty heavily on its visuals and music, and my car stereo system wasn't really up to the task.And... yeah, that's all that comes to mind. We had a good time, and we'll be back as soon as there's a film lineup that seems like a good fit. I'm glad we've got a drive-in so close to home now!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,8/8/2013,82,285,2,2,2>Eh, I'm not so much a NASCAR fan, but I sure do love the Friday Night Drags! We look forward to summer every year for a several weeks of folks racing what they brought and $4!t talk from the emcees. This season we have seen a Tesla (look it up - it's a gorgeous FAST electric sedan), more Mustangs and Vettes we care to count and a couple of cars who don't look like they'd go 0-60 in 2 weeks, much less 1/8 of a mile. Entry to watch is $7, and there's plenty of opportunity to win all kinds of stuff. It's $20 to race. The Show n' Shine starts around 7 or 8, and the races start at 9:15. OH! And you can bring your own beverages and snacks - just leave the glass bottles at home. Makes for a great, inexpensive evening!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/7/2013,38,78,,7,4>Their sign and uniform shirt say they have the best Pho in town ; they certainly fit the bill ;-) A dream come true for me,  a local Pho place... That's good! My wife and I were driving around and caught this in our peripherals.  So we had to stop by ASAP. Let me preface this review by stating,  I don't go to Vietnamese restaurants for the test of the menu.  I am a Pho lover and proud:-D  We started off with some spring rolls for appetizers which is my usual ritual before the Pho.  I am not exaggerating when I say this but they were the best spring rolls I have ever had.  We got the grilled shrimp rolls and they were just delightful; they marinate the shrimp and the peanut sauce they serve with it compliments them perfectly. Subsequently the presentation was definitely better that your average Pho place. My first trip,  of many to come in the future,  I wanted to keep it simple,  so I ordered the standard beef Pho with eye of round with extra noodles ; I always get extra noodles because they never give you enough noodles.   I was mistaken ; this was the first time I had noodles still left in my bowl so it looks like the extra noodles won't be needed :-)   The noodles themselves were just perfect,  none of them were sick together or in clumps,  sticky,  etc.  I only get this kind of quality Pho at Miss Saigon.   Major high marks for this!  The broth was equally as good.   Not to oily or MSG tasting.   The eye of round was very tender and not chewy.   This might of been the best bowl of Pho I have tasted.To wash out down,  I got a peach smoothie with boba.  The boba was very good,  not to soft,  or chewy.  The peach flavor itself was good but I could definitely tell it was a powder mix and not real fruit.  When I asked the waiter,  he said the only non powder drink they make is fresh avocado.  No biggie due me,  again I came for the Pho. So if you are on the area,  heck,  this Pho is worth a drive if you aren't on the area,  prepare to discover what I feel is some of the best Pho in DFW! Again,  it says it on their shirts and on their sign and it really is the best Pho in Town!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,8/6/2013,135,242,2,7,3>Yay, I finally got to try Queenie's! It hasn't been here very long, but this is what Tim Love replaced the former Love Shack burger joint with as a "new concept." (The original Love Shack is still going strong in the Fort Worth stockyards...)So it was neat to go inside and see everything re-designed for a swankier vibe. There was a 3-piece live band off to the left of the entrance (incl keyboards and a sax) and a very busy bar. (We had a 7:30 reservation for a Friday night.) We were asked if we'd like a drink at the bar or to go ahead and be seated--we opted for the latter since we had just come from Paschall's!I had requested a nice table in my reservation since we were celebrating and sure enough, we got the corner table in the back, which gave a good view of the place and overall, the noise and ambiance were just right--bustling but never noisy, and the music was just the right level and style for the place.Our waiter was incredibly friendly and informative--we actually had questions about the different steaks and he had also explained the dry aging process initially. He had great recommendations and I was very happy with my steak. Since I'm normally a petit filet girl, I got the tenderloin medium rare (NOM) and the bf got the 14 oz dry aged strip medium rare. He was only mostly happy with his--saying the middle was perfect but the outer areas were a little overcooked and left something to be desired.Our steaks came with 3 sauces on the side--a cilantro number, which was my least favorite, and damned if I've forgotten what the other two WERE, but they were lovely. (I'll include a pic here in a moment to help--the 3rd was more of a standard steak sauce but the middle was my favorite.) And perhaps a good steak doesn't NEED a good sauce--these certainly did not--but sauces are FUN, so bring it on!And HOW could I forget--we chose the appetizer sampler initially--our waiter said most people choose 3 or 4--so we got the lobster cakes (very decent), quail legs (again, nom with the yogurt side) and fresh sausage paired with whole grained mustard (delish). I highly recommend doing the sampler to whet your appetite and enjoy the variety.We only sampled 1 side, the pureed potatoes, but hot damn if I didn't want to lick the dish. Luckily, I didn't have that much wine.Lastly, we split the cherry pie for dessert at our waiter's recommendation. It did take forever to come out, meaning I had finished my wine by then and didn't really want to order another drink. :/ In truth I think this dessert goes far better with coffee, which my bf had ordered and I started sampling. And it was really more of a modern/deconstructed take on cherry pie (called "Cherry Serrano Galette")--another pic I'll upload. Very yummy.As our waiter pointed out, this is Denton's only steakhouse. So yay that we have one now! It really is a good one. It ain't cheap but I hope Denton supports this place--we need more RESTAURANTS in Denton, especially delicious ones! :D
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,8/5/2013,26,111,,4,1>I visited on a weeknight, alone, for dinner.  I'll begin by saying I found no fault with the food at all.  I would have liked there to have been SOMETHING, a piece of bread, a handy wipe, ANYTHING to go with the fantastic crawfish I was served.  My server (the owner) was extremely helpful and although the place filled pretty quickly after I arrived she handled each table with a smile and a bit of conversation.  You can tell she cares about the people who come to her restaurant.I got 1 lb of crawfish.  It arrived in a small bucket and was loaded with garlic and butter and some spice.  I ordered it "medium hot"  and will get it hotter next time.  It was delicious, seriously good stuff.  I would have loved a small potato, half ear of corn or a slice of bread to go with the bucket to soak up the lovely juices.  Really the best crawfish I've had outside of NOLA.I also got shrimp fried rice.  It too could have used a bit more vegetable mixed in the base.  While the onion was welcome I think some bean sprouts or broccoli would have picked up the flavor.  The leftovers made for a wonderful lunch the next day ;) I'll be returning soon as this place is much much too good to be a one shot wonder.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,8/4/2013,57,255,,1,1>I have been here when the place just opened but never came back for a few years. I decided to come here for lunch with a friend due to the convenience of the location. We had their lunch specials which have decent pricing. I ordered the 2 rolls combo thinking that this wasn't going to be enough. The rolls were huge (compared to a lot of sushi places)! My favorite was the spicy tuna roll which was filled with a lot of tuna (rather than rice) and it tasted pretty fresh. The spicy salmon roll was okay; I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce. Overall, I'd enjoyed coming here and will probably be back!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,8/3/2013,50,85,1,7,3>Before last week, I had never in my twelve years as a Denton resident heard of Twisted Heads Salon.  After a quick Yelp search of best rated Denton salons, I decided to give it a shot.  I think a lot of Dentonites lose sight of great amenities that reside outside the microcosm of the Downtown Square area, which is likely why I'd never heard previous mention from my peers about this place.  I had an 11:30 appointment with Kitty, and she was great.  Some stylists will act like they listen to your requests and then end up just doing the opposite of what you wanted, but she was very attentive and asked a lot of questions to make sure she was doing exactly what I was asking for.  She took her time, made sure I was happy with the results, and was a pleasure to have cut my hair.  I'll definitely be seeing her again.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/2/2013,216,29,,3,3>Lots of beers, they keep the new flavors coming. The jukebox is the best video game ever made, rare to hear a bad set of songs. Good for watching peculiar cinema or baseball games on the big television. Rowdy regulars make for a dynamic energy. Bobby, Steve and Nicole are great bartenders, who always keep the drinks and humor flowing. Ask the Wizard for one of his concoctions, you never know what he's working on.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/1/2013,121,311,2,2,2>Great ball park!! Seats for every one and descent prices. They have good  parking options. Now the winner of the ball park is the garlic fries. You know  you will stink after but you don't care you still order them because they are yum! I ate so many I felt bad for the people sitting  next to me.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/31/2013,71,136,8,2,4>Yeehaw! I know it is kinda wrong to stereotype Texas.... but I have to say I was a little disappointed when I first got here and saw the lack of cowboy hats. Cue the stockyards! I'm glad this place keeps it a lil bit more country and gives me (and company coming to visit) someplace filled with cowboys, legends, and rowdy good times. I know it is touristy but it fits the vision many hope Texas still is deep down. A great place to bring out of towners or go yourself and check out on weekends, as there is plenty to do and see. There are always events going on such as concerts, rodeos, and history reenactments. Go on, throw on a cowboy hat, don a fake sheriff badge, grab some suds and enjoy the sights. Ya'll just remember "Never approach a bull from the front, a horse from the rear, or a fool from any direction." Happy trails to you!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,7/30/2013,113,169,2,3,2>Thinking of buying a pool, well go by and talk to Klapprodt Pools in Keller, TX. We researched allot of pool companies and decided upon Klapprodt. We liked that they are a family owned small business and were confident they would deliver on promises and services. I can tell you they over delivered and we have a beautiful pool with decking. A friend of ours actually recommended Klapprodt Pools and from the time that the sales guy "Chad Poynter" came to our home to talk to us, we felt like this was the company for us. They did not offer a fancy presentation with 3D modeling, it was as simple overview with the right price. They guided us through the entire process, including issues that occurred along the way.When you consider buying a pool, you need to anticipate that you will have problems that are beyond your control.  We had issues with a few power lines (that were not suppose to be there) and plumbing, but they guided us through the red tape.We did hit the jack pot with issues.  Started with the call to dig tess, they came out and marked the yard with utilities and where we wanted to put the pool, no utilities. Yea!! We signed the contract then started to dig, guess what we hit 2 power lines and the sewer line.  The sewer line was not their problem, but they totally missed these power lines. All in all it cost us an additionally $2000 and a 6 week delay.  Klapprodt has 1st class construction managers, "Collie Nutt" was awesome and helped us through all of the delays and issues.Klapprodt has stood behind a few issues that have popped up and we visit their retail store every 2 weeks to have the pool water tested.You can trust Klapprodt Pools!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,7/29/2013,47,98,2,4,2>SO good. I just ate lunch and the thought of Mazatlan somehow still gets my appetite all worked up. Mmmmmmm... By far my favorite Mexican food in Denton. I'm sure there may be more authentic hole in the wall places or legit street taco stands, but for a well-rounded experience, you can't go wrong with Mazatlan. It's a family owned and run business, and they just do it right. From free queso at lunch to $1.25 cold brews every day, they've always got me coming back from more. Who else has a Huckleberry margarita?!The staff is friendly and good about seating you quickly, even when there's a wait. The same servers are typically working and always treat you well. They do a great job of making sure you always have a full salsa and bowl of chips, which I never fail to feverishly devour. I'm always wary to get the beef at Mexican restaurants because it too often comes out chewy, greasy, or woven with fat. I did finally step out of my chicken comfort zone and tried Mazatlan's beef fajitas, and I've never gone back! Every kind of meat I've had here is amazing. I most recently opted for the steak street tacos (4), which are tender little meat morsels served with the traditional chopped onions, cilantro, and lime on corn tortillas. YUM! All of that being said, dip your chips in the queso then the salsa. You won't regret it... and you won't be able to stop until it's gone!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,7/28/2013,195,195,2,5,4>The ribs were tender and well seasoned with rub.  I'm used to being served overly sweet bbq so their vinegar based, spicy sauce was a nice change.  The brisket was okay. I've had better.  I ordered the potato salad and spicy pinto beans - both were really good and not bland.  You absolutely MUST try the pecan cobbler if you enjoy pecan pie!  It was soooooo rich, buttery and crave-able.  I'll be back Feedstore to try your famous chicken fried steak (Sunday's only).
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,7/27/2013,263,371,,5,3>Why the five stars? Only because you can get a full dining experience here. Big menu, a bar, gourmet deserts. Definitely winning strip mall cuisine.I didn't know what Vietnamese curry was, and the waitress was unable to articulate a description past "It's not the same as Thai curry." Uh...huh. So, Christine logic directed me to order it. It was good! Looked/tasted/resembled a spicy beef stew...but with the meat you ordered (chicken, in my case). Like, think traditional American beef stew. Even down to the big meaty cuts of veggies and tomato-infused oil globules on top. My friend's serving of pho was, predictably, generous.  She planned to make two more servings out of her meal. Also. I really dig the Vietnamese iced coffee here. They give you a little drip roast over sweetened condensed milk. When it's done, pour over ice. Afterwards, we shared a crème brûlée, torched right at our table. It was a really fun dining experience for our girls day. More than ready to power shop afterwards, filled on good food and wired on strong cofffee.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,7/26/2013,99,127,,5,2>Really enjoying the food here, it seems to be getting better. Maybe new owners?The Saturday lunch time service was great. I ordered a small pho with brisket and rib eye. The broth tasted even better than I remember it. A hearty broth that complimented the meat and noodle. It tasted even better with bean sprouts, basil and hoisin sauce.  The shrimp summer rolls were good and so was their peanut dipping sauce.My wife ordered vermicelli seafood tofu wrap. (It's in pictures) the sauce that comes with it really makes the dish. It was different, good and filling.As for drinks I ordered ice tea which was not the Lipton kind but it was jasmine green tea, that really hit the spot. Bonus you can get a to go cup with your drink too.They also have vietnamese ice coffee that is super strong and tasty. Overall a really satisfying meal and I look forward to coming back.I also found out that they will be serving bubble tea there. So I will most definitely be back for some tasty pho and bubble tea!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,7/25/2013,29,248,6,8,2>Had a very good experience.  My wife and I are not very well versed on Indian cuisine but this is located close to the house and wanted to try it.  We were pleasantly surprised at how nice they redecorated the place, we were frequent customers of the previous establishment in this location.  We asked the server for recommendations and he suggested a tofu style appetizer which we loved.  The is especially suprising since I am a "meat and potatoes" type of person. We also had the nann bread and another appetizer that is like a big chip that you dip into two different sauces. Great flavors!I ordered the chili chicken and my wife ordered the chicken mandalu?  It was chicken with potatoes.The food was fresh and the chicken was tender.  I will readily admit that Indian spices may not be for everyone but we thoroughly enjoyed them.I have read the other reviews and it seems that it is either hit or miss on the service.  We were well cared for with no complaints.  You may not get the same type of service as a chain but I believe that you will not get the flavors and autheticity.  If you have an open mind then you might just enjoy it.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/24/2013,201,579,1,2,1>It's surprising that with all of my Denton area friends, that Metzler's only has five reviews? The place has been around a really, really long time. Good bbq, good beer selection and you can even purchase sausages that you can throw on your own grill.Good, cheap bbq and fries that are very curley and very good. I've been to Metzler's a number of times, even with the kiddo and I've never left disappointed. They also added a room for the big single beer bottles.... so coool. All good beer from across the US and other places. They had growlers of Dead Guy ale. I've never seen that here in Texas before.As other reviews have said, I have never seen the places all that busy, but the food comes out quick and the girl with the blue streaked hair made sure I knew it was ready.Go for the food, go for the beer and wine selection and go because it's all really affordable.Support Denton businesses.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,7/23/2013,16,68,1,3,4>I went here for restaurant week and wow.  They made me a fan.  Definitely going here for my next romantic/special outing.We started the meal off with the lobster hush puppies, scallops with wild boar, and something else that wasn't nearly as memorable.  The hush puppies blew my mind, as did the scallops.  The little pieces of wild boar that accompanied were crunchy and flavorful, while the scallops were perfectly tender and melt-in-your-mouth tasty.Then, he had a salad with lardoons and I had the soup, and since I didn't even notice the little salt thing on my table, I was sad by how bland it was.  Even if I had noticed the salt, I would have felt badly putting it in because, hey, I'd be insulted if someone salted my food at a restaurant.  His salad was awesome and I was very jealous.Then, the entrees.  I had the pork chop and it was great!  Perfectly cooked.  I didn't care much for the hash - the cabbage seemed undercooked - but the parsnips were amazing.  My boyfriend got the steak and he was much less impressed.  Once again, a seasoning problem.  I can't even talk about the dessert without tearing up.  Butterscotch pudding, lightly salted.  I inhaled it.  I can still taste it when I'm alone at night.Service was alright, but nothing to write home about.  The server was informative, but not very warm or welcoming.  One of my biggest pet peeves is when I'm at a nicer establishment and the server doesn't pick up the straw/sugar packet trash.  I guess it's kind of a silly thing to get annoyed about but....  The trash was there the whole damn meal.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,7/22/2013,47,115,8,3,1>Dang!  I remember personally printing Torchy's menus when I worked at the OfficeMax Austin location on West 5th Street a couple years back!I'm so glad to see the Southlake location embrace DFW and offer local brews Rahr, Martin House and Revolver on tap!  Well done guys.The Southlake location is crowded but that is because the place juuuust opened and  most Southlake teens do not get summer jobs apparently.  They just go to lunch in groups, wearing brand new workout clothes.  Seriously they swarm Corner Bakery, Jason Deli's, Chick-fil-a, EVERYWHERE!I got the Sweet Corn, The Democrat, and the Lil'Nookies.  Delicious and worth the wait.  The Sweet Corn is roasted, topped with queso fresco, and other toppings. The Democrat is easily twice the size of a taco at Fuel City, and who doesn't love deep-fried cookie dough?
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,7/21/2013,84,127,,7,3>Tacos ernesto...kitschy, brightly-painted square little box of a place, but don't let that deter you. The food rocks!  I love a good taco, but I can eat about five of the tacos al pastor here! Juicy meat, fresh veg, and local cilantro does the trick. Lots of variety in menu items and price (I ordered some of the same things three separate times I ate here and the prices changed). Definitely one of the best taquerias in FW.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,7/19/2013,101,362,3,3,4>Fantastic place for burgers (and how they should be done).  Although they are a bit pricy ($9) like everything else on West 7th... they aren't out of the ballpark for what they are:  A unique experience, with fresh (mostly) ingredients, and options you will not find anywhere else.  If you are there during the week, look at the floor--the specials are in Chalk-and might be walked away, but usually a $5-6 burger, and beer specials!!The meat is ground fresh, and tastes like it.  If burgers turn you off, you should still try this and be reminded what burgers are supposed to be like!The design is sort of a "goat pen" with stainless steel stalls.  The tables are long and "split" between "my side and your side"... but in FW we can sit next to each other and might make new friends!The beer and full bar flows... but we're here for the food, right!  So far I've had the following:Ravi Shankur-peanut butter and spice.  Even Norah Jones would like this!  (Um... that's her Daddy for you who didn't get the reference)Negril Beach...added Goat Cheese (hey!  Why not?)  I LOVE plantains, but didn't like the dried out mushy way they are prepared here (they don't add anything)... but this is a nice burger...Olivia Darling--I love an Olive Burger.  Simply wonderful.Sugar Burger-very understated.  After prepping for weeks for a sugar rush of burger, that's not what I got.  It's just a simple, leaning to the sweet side...no Sugar Rush I was expecting.Telluride-Hatch Green chilies, and Roasted poblano Goat Cheese!  Heaven!Hot Bastard--Are you kidding... you need MORE BEER!If you can't get  happy in here, you can't get happy at all!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/18/2013,5,18,,2,2>Absolutely the best pizza!!!  The prices are really great as well.  We ordered half pepperoni, half loaded.  Awesome!!!  The spaghetti with meat sauce is REALLY good.  Prices were excellent as well.  The soda tasted off as well as the tea and lemonade.  I believe it must be the water.  It is a BYOB, so I will try to bring my own "drinks" next time.  Cash only!!!!  It is so worth the drive and time.  Give this place a try and let me know what you think.....
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,7/17/2013,111,121,,4,3>As a big fan of sushi, I had to give Sushi Axiom a try. One day, I had more than an hour for lunch, so I sauntered over there and sat down outside with a gripping novel on my Kindle. I sat down outside (it was much nicer then), and ordered a sashimi combo with a spicy salmon roll. The sashimi arrived fresh and clean, with a lovely delicate flavor, and while the spicy salmon roll was very good, it wasn't anything to write home about. Of course, spicy salmon roll are pretty much a standard in sushi restaurants. The service was great, and the food was delicious. I think I'll need to try it out for dinner.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,7/16/2013,145,116,,2,2>This place is kind of awesome... in a "set your alarm early because they ARE gonna sell out of what you want" kind of way.  Don't be put off by the line if there is one, it moves fast.  In fact, sometimes it moves kind of "soup nazi" fast where they want your order before you have had a chance to look over everything in the case or on the wall.  It's a toss-up for me whether to get into the line or stand back and check out the butcher paper menu on the wall first.  If you check out the menu first, the person in front of you may get the last of what you want.  If you get in line first, you may miss something and end up circling back through twice (which is what often happens to me)!The menu changes during the day and it's not a set roster.  It's written on butcher paper (and usually also posted on Facebook).  The morning menu has scones and muffins and quiche-y things and other breakfast-y type items (I'm usually not awake yet but I know they are good).  The afternoon menu has prepared sandwiches and cookies.  Usually there are cakes and pies and other treats throughout the day.Sandwiches are my favorite and my one Saturday frustration is that I must make two trips if I want a breakfast item for now and a sandwich for later as the sandwiches aren't usually done until after 10 am and the breakfast items are sold out by then.  I love the French-style sandwiches (a baguette with salted butter and ham, for example) that highlight fresh high quality ingredients and are wrapped in butchers wax and tied with twine.  For breakfast, you can't go wrong with the donut muffin... I like to pick one up for the next day... it tastes delicious when warm so the cinnamon sugar topping gets a bit crystalized.  Perfect with a nice hot cup of coffee and the paper.Seating is limited and the small patio tables are often taken up with Park Hill residents walking their dog and enjoying a cup of coffee.  But they will box everything to go so you can enjoy it later at home.Friend them on Facebook to find out about menus and their market Saturdays where they bring in vendors with jams, fresh herbs, soaps, etc.  Yes this place is definitely worth setting the alarm for!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,7/15/2013,86,412,,8,3>Before I go into the food I need to tell you a little secret about this place.If you like bluegrass or old country music then you'll probably enjoy this place.  Every Tuesday from around 6:15 PM-ish to 8:30 PM an independent group of musicians and singers gather here to sing classics like "My Bleeding Heart".Don't expect professionals here (think good summer night porch singing - see attached picture). They're just people who love the opportunity to gather together for commmunity sake (Which is so refreshing to see and hear).  They have a good set list to fill the time (but I have to warn you that at times they repeat songs over again within the same set).  And if just listening isn't enough for you, I think you can join in (I've never asked, but it looks like they're open to anyone who wants to play/sing along).  So if this seems like your kind of scene then I encourage you to check it out (just good luck finding parking - at times)Now the restaurant itself...The Bar-B-Q is good quality, the prices reasonable, the staff is friendly, the sauce/sides taste good, (and if you're like me and dislike fatty BBQ) the brisket has very little fat but the fat left over is eatable and adds to the flavor of the meat.And like one of the previous reviewers stated, the outside awings/sign seem worn, but the inside is in great condition and kept clean.Go check it out. :D
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/14/2013,49,1,,4,1>Salsa Limón is delicious. Like whoa. I am a huge fan of migas and let me tell you...Salsa Limón's are the very best I have ever had. Last time we went, I had the red snapper tacos. I also loved them...especially the fact that it was wild-caught, fresh fish. If you want authentic, clean, fresh, and super rica (that's Spanish for super delicious) Mexican food, Salsa Limón is where to go, hands down. Your belly will thank you.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,7/13/2013,24,81,3,4,2>Located within the Cookie Machine there is a small slice of heaven. Holly (owner) has made her mark on gluten free desserts. I have tried all of her flavor creations with my top being the red velvet, snickerdoodle and Italian creme. I went in over the weekend and Holly had pumpkin loafs and oh my goodness it was wonderful, it was loaded with fresh pumpkin flavor melded together with the creme cheese frosting.  The cupcakes were moist, the frosting was flavorful and not heavy. I spoke with Holly for a short while and she said she was working on a bread product and pies. So I soon see Charity's Gluten Free treats becoming a one stop shop for all things GF. :)Cupcakes: $2.00Pumpkin Loaf: $1.00/sliceMonday happy hour 4-6pm: buy one GF cupcake get one free.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,7/12/2013,53,275,2,5,3>Good hang out  dive bar style. I'm  fine with a smoking bar and  if you don't like don't go . I feel they need better ventilation to knock the smell down.The place has limited parking.  So that can be an issue.Nice size bar plenty of room to sit or stand. Jukebox music not  loud so you can still talk and hear. DJ was setting up for latter. We are to old to stay up late. lol...This building has been here for years just a new bar trying to make it. Arlington needs places like this to go and hang out. This town needs some nightlife. So go out and give them a try. Keep Arlington alive at night.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,7/11/2013,73,85,2,3,2>I had a grande chicken burrito ($8.50) which not up to par with size (which is probably good for my thighs) but good lord does it compensate for it with flavor!!! Their diablo sauce is not messing around and will knock you on your ass if you don't do hot foods. I'd say the fare is similar to Yes Taco but I'm still quite partial to the food truck love of my life. This place can be pricey though. A single taco runs anywhere from $3.5-$5. They have a variety to choose from. I was eyeballing the trailer park taco (it's got fried chicken in it!) but opted for a burrito instead. Their appetizers look great as well (I think I spied ahi tuna ceviche on the list) but was in a hurry to get back home and not eating there. Decor is nice and they have a covered patio area. The one staff member that helped me off seemed a bit aloof but the others seemed friendly. They have a full bar also. This place would probably be great. For a date night followed by sometime on magnolia or maybe when they start doing concerts on the green again. Give these good people your business!!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,7/10/2013,65,195,,4,2>I'm a big fan of Sam Won Garden because nothing beats this spot in Fort Worth for good Korean. Service depends on how many patrons are in the restaurant at that time -- if it's just a couple of filled tables, you'll get your food in no time... but if it's a busy night, you'll have to sit and wait patiently. But think about it -- wait a bit for your food... or go to the next good Korean restaurant all the way in Dallas? I've never been disappointed in anything I've ordered here and the banchan is always great and plentiful. My favorite dishes to order are the spicy pork bulgogi, dolsot bibimpop(try the one with kimchi in it!), seafood tofu stew and kimchi pork stew. There's even fried rice for your non-adventerous friends and it's pretty good too! I love this place -- and go frequently to get our Korean fix!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,7/9/2013,129,254,2,4,2>I hear this place is where all the Fort Worth locals go to get their BBQ fix and I understand why.  They really get down to business here when it comes to simple and delicious BBQ.  The first time I came I had the sliced beef sandwich.  Their meat was really tender and juicy and the fixins were great on the bun.  The second time I went I tried one of their newer menu items - it was a baked potato with BBQ in it!!  It was definitely a novel concept (to me at least) and I really enjoyed it. The potato was pretty dry, though, so good thing there was some nice meat in there to moisten things up.The decor of this place is worth seeing as well - they have a ridiculous amount of taxidermy in this place.  My favorites are the bears and moose heads!! If you sit in the main dining hall, you're pretty much surrounded by tons of stuffed animals - I guess this shout out also doubles as a way to warn people who aren't into that sort of thing :)I definitely recommend this place as a back to basics BBQ - they know what works and they stick to it.  They do have the beer chalices there as well as frozen margs if you care to partake in a cold bevvy with your meal!  Try this place out and see for yourself!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,7/8/2013,119,182,,10,1>I've been here a couple of times already, and I really like it. I'll break it down into a few categories.Appearance: This place is extremely clean. I love how there's free WiFi and it has a homey feel. There's many private booths, as well as a growing collection of Manga comics and Samsung TVs in each corner. In my opinion, it feels like a small house with rooms. Bring your laptops and notebooks to study while enjoying some food.Food: I picked up a few things from each "category". There's sushi, bento boxes, and ramen/udon noodles. Today I bought a popcorn chicken bento box, the rainbow roll, and Tonkotsu ramen. My cousin and I split the food between us and she really enjoyed the noodles. (BTW my cousin lived in Japan for 5 years, so she has been exposed to authentic Japanese food). Ramen was chewy, ingredients in the soup were clean and tasted good. The fish on the rainbow roll was very fresh. Presentation of it wasn't very fancy, but the roll wasn't dry and was very fulfilling. The popcorn chicken in the bento was a bit on the dry side, but nothing to complain about.Drinks: The drinks trip me up here. Sometimes they taste really good, and other times, it tastes a bit powdery and off. Today I ordered a Jasmine milk tea, but I think they might have put in something else instead of Jasmine. My cousin really liked her drink though, I ordered her a passion fruit green tea. Service: The employees here are extremely friendly. They make sure you are comfortable and keep the place tidy. However, the food takes awhile to be made (but that just means it's all made right when you order it). Overall, a really great place. The food is delicious, but the drinks are inconsistent. Would definitely come back again with my laptop and order a ramen with a sushi roll!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,7/7/2013,34,116,2,5,4>My review of the Al Wadi Cafe off Brown Trail, next to the animal hospital, is a good one.  I am a stickler for authenticity, and this is an authentic Greek and Lebanese restaurant.  It is nestled in the corner of a shopping square beside a Greek food product store, with a pleasant patio out front.  The waitress was pleasant and recommended a combo meal that consisted of beef and chicken kebobs, I had the house salad as well as hummus, something I had not had prior to. In addition to the meal, I had their Lebanese coffee, brought to me in a small cup that reminded me of a novelty tea cup.I grade a restaurant on four core values: The food, customer service, price, and the atmosphere. To start out, the coffee was very pleasant with a hint of cardamom, it gave a pleasant aroma and was a great relaxation to an otherwise stressful day.  The house salad was served before the meal with a wonderful dressing, which I asked the waitress, but have since forgotten what it consisted of. The meal was served with hummus, vegetables, and pita bread.  I will say that the hummus was sweet, delicious, and something that I continued to turn to. It was indeed the highlight of the meal, though the beef and chicken were very well presented.  The waitress recommended rice pudding afterwards, which I had not had before. It was served in a glass bowl with, I believe to be nutmeg on top. A very cool, sweet and tasty treat to end the meal with. The spices overall were fantastic.Out of five stars, I give the food a 4.5The waitress was also the host, therefore she seemed constantly busy, but whenever she came out, she was always friendly and not without a smile. This made me want to come to the restaurant again, as I believe it always lays with the customer service that gives the final say on whether a customer wishes to return. I would have liked to see the waitress more frequently, but I understand that she was the host seating people as well. I would like to grade also with a 4.5.I must add Price to the core values. Overall the meal and dessert totaled out to be 16 dollars.  The prices for the meals range from about 8 to 12 dollars, dessert is cheap as well if you're in the mood for it. This is a good price range for an authentic meal, and just within range of budget. I prefer to not spend too much when I go out to eat, the meal likely would have been only 13 for me had I not tried the rice pudding, but for 16 dollars it was worth it. I left a reasonable tip afterwards and took my leave. I give price a 5.0The atmosphere, I always grade pleasantly if there is a patio, as I do enjoy eating outdoors. It was clean, and the waitress brought out a tablecloth for it. Typically I want to see the inside of a restaurant, but I did not enter the establishment, so I can only grade off of the patio. The decor of the wooden fence and the wall, as well as the shrubs right outside the fence, certainly made up for the parking lot view and the street. They had a lively tune playing as well, one that truly relaxed me. I can say based off the atmosphere and the pleasantness of the surrounding area, I'll grade a 4.0. Only because I did not enter the establishment, I cannot curve it.So without further ado, AND a very rare recommendation from me that you visit the restaurant, I'll average the four totals together and give the restaurant a score of 4.5.   It was very well rounded, the staff was, I would say, friendly, and of course I do recommend you try the restaurant if you have not before.  I will tag the restaurant's facebook page for those of you interested.  Enjoy the meal and have a great day!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/6/2013,71,86,2,4,2>I was introduced to Boopa's bagels by a coworker who brought some in for our department.  Being the health conscious person I am, I usually opt out of the usually unhealthy breakfast choices brought into the office.  However, once you lay eyes on one these bagels you know these are special.  Laid out before me was a wide variety of flavors with as many cream cheese flavors to accompany them.  So fresh, dense, and chewy, these bagels are a special treat and a very pleasant deviation from the stale taste I'm used to expecting.  It's hard for me to pick my favorite bagel flavor since some days I a crave a sweeter flavor.  The cinnamon cream cheese though is hands down my favorite cream cheese and sometimes just get a plain bagel to only get the sweetness from the cream cheese.These bagels aren't cheap though so be prepared to pay way more than you would for a dozen doughnuts.  The staff aren't the nicest either but I guess you don't have to be when you make such greatness.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/5/2013,546,102,,14,6>This is my first 5 star review. It was simply a 5 star experience. My wife and I made reservations for our anniversary. Upon arrival, the hostess greeted us and asked our name. We told her and she said Happy Anniversary. She escorted us to the bar to wait for our table.The bartender made mention of our occasion, and comped the 2 drinks we had. My wife had their house specialty, vodka that had been soaking with pineapples for 17 days, mmm.... she loved it. As we went to our table, there was a card waiting for us, a handwritten card congratulating us. Our server acknowledged it also, and we started off with the calamari. It was great, mixed with peppers, and most tasty.We both had the sirloin and lobster tails, along with lobster mac-n-cheese. Oh man that mac was the bomb!After our meal, they brought us a free dessert with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the plate.As we left, the valet guy wished us a H.A. also, it was amazing the way these folks make you feel special.The atmosphere was perfect, and it made for a wonderful celebration.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/4/2013,662,212,3,4,3>Lowetech is the best when it comes to auto mechanics in Arlington!This shop is owned and run by three brothers (Lowe is their last name). I have never had a bad experience with them and they know all their customers by name. They never try to scam you or jack up prices to make more overhead and they will just flat out tell you like it is! They do everything except body work and paint. The labor is around $80 bucks an hour and they will always tell you how much it will be upfront so you are not surprised when you go to pick up your car. They are also very good about keeping you informed- I got regular updates on my cars progress and they even called me to let me know when they got the part in so I would have a better estimate as to when the car would be ready,
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,7/3/2013,152,106,3,4,3>I went to Magnolia Cheese Company on the first day I was allowed to have cheese again after 12 weeks of dairy free. I knew my tummy probably wouldn't be my friend, but I had to have the Cheeeezzzzeee.It was so delicious. I had the watermelon salad, fresca, and then just some Texas cheese with honey. I love that you order at the counter. I think that makes it faster, and easier for large groups. I waited tables for 8 years and hate having to ask for split checks so this takes that hassle out of the way. The service was great. They were incredibly friendly. and OMG the kale chips. Never have I had such yummy ones.The prices are a little high. But also I don't know how much cheese costs. I feel like anytime I've gotten a cheese board it's been pricey anywhere. So maybe they're on point.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,7/2/2013,376,566,4,12,3>I use to work across the street from this location...for probably 5 years.  It was a different sushi place then.  Been gone a year and came back...new sushi place.  Still looks the same inside.  We were greated and sat.  Warm towels...a plus.  We tried just a variety of things on the menu and were asked to taste some of the samples they were working on for New Years.  Our main man working behind the bar use to work Downtown Dallas I think he said at Reunion Tower and I have also learned at Shinjuku off Magnolia.  His style is way different than Shin Shin or Tokyo.  We found it to be more of what we think of as traditional....most Americans think of something as being the way they were told it was....although it is good it just does not always have to be the same.  So you will greatly enjoy this place if you normally eat at sushi places in DFW that are like Sushi Axiom and Blue Fish etc...bc this is better.  The rolls are fresh and he is up to speed on what is in and what is out.   The sake was fantastic and our server was as cute as a button.  We also gave a big high 5 to the music selection while we dined.  It was wonderful.  Our only complaint would be the parking...bc the place next door seems to have taken over the lot...and the annoying people that sat behind us playing videos on the phone interrupting our entire meal...bc facebook seemed more important to them than enjoying themselves in a present moment.   We love to support local and happy to have more flavor to Fort Worth.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/1/2013,93,131,4,6,1>Ok, so the hubs and I came in here after I was researching on yelp breakfast places, since I was tired of McDonald's for breakfast on Sundays. I figured there had to be something better. I was looking for an IHOP or SOMETHING to satisfy his need for breakfast and my need for some real food. (I didn't eat dinner the night before and I didn't want all the carbs of breakfast!) Trust me, IHOP has got NOTHING on these people! We walked into a warm, blast from the past environment where the music is nostalgic and you know the food is going to be out of sight! (To be periodically specific to the diner! hahaha!!) The decorations were picked out by someone cool, and not just someone trying to make the place look cool, and it all just clicked. We were then greeted by Susie Q and she asked us to pick anywhere we wanted to sit. We then promptly ordered a coffee and an orange juice. The coffee was hot, but not scalding, strong but not thick mud and perfect for this setting. My husband and I are kind of that couple that just can't order off the menu without having some questions or need for substitutions. (Don't judge me! lol!)  The hubs doesn't eat eggs, so he asked if he could sub the eggs for hash browns in the griddle breakfast and I asked very hesitatingly (because I was embarrassed) if I could order lunch stuff at 7:30am. Susie Q kindly replied to my husband and said, "absolutely!" and then said to me sweetly, "honey, if you want a burger and fries, I will make that for you myself if I have to, don't worry."  *Whew* She wasn't judging us, but was actually SUPER kind. The food came out before I could even drink half my coffee. Now, you would expect it to be all frozen and pre done because it came out sooooo fast, but it was all fresh and delicious. My husband got the breakfast with two pancakes were so fluffy and gigantic, it was like a mini cake. SERIOUSLY! They were delicious, and incredibly moist. Since he got strawberries and cream, he didn't even eat it with the syrup, but I snuck in a few bites and drench that baby. Mmmm, mmmmm good. I had the classic club with french fries, and it was better than any club I've had in awhile! The french fries were crispy, and perfectly seasoned. (I'm making myself hungry again!!) We literally ate EVERYTHING on our plates. I normally eat like a lady, but not this time. I had some club in one hand and some fries in the other just shoveling it in. Still, no judgement from Susie Q when we got our check. She just asked us if we liked it and if we would be back soon. "Asbolutely," we replied! She then told us about the 15% off we get if we checked-in on yelp. That caught me off guard because I was JUST about to do that not knowing about the 15%. AWESOME! Another gold star for Susie! :)   Finally, when she returned my card, she gave us a present of deliciousness, a gigantic blueberry muffin! It was "Welcome to Stevie's" present! :) That sealed the deal for us! We would most definitely be back again SOON!!This place is all a family run business, from the busy boy to the cooks to Susie! :) Some of the family used to work at Snooty Pig and then they built their own thing and Stevie's was born. I have a special place in my heart for family run places, so with all this being said...This is the first five star rating I have given to anything in Texas. Stevie's ABSOLUTELY deserves this rating, for the service, the food, the price and the atmosphere. This is why you go to places like Stevie's and not IHOP! Next up on the Stevie's things to try...CHICKEN FRIED STEAK! :)
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/30/2013,88,258,,8,3>Okay, you know what to expect out of a library so let me just highlight some of the extra awesome things that Grapevine Public Library has. They have a drive through. Get online, request what books you want, and they'll shoot you an e-mail saying they are ready for you. Just drive up and pick them up, and when you're done you can drive up and drop them off. Awesome!Are you one of those fools spending money on Audible? Why?? You can download audio books from the library for free and play them on your iPod, computer, or whatever electronic device you fancy.Lastly, they have self checkout here. So if you are antisocial and don't like interacting with librarians, or you just don't want to wait in line, you don't have to! Also, at one point in time, they had the most amazing collection of Harry Potter paraphernalia on display here. It was a thing of beauty to behold.Just be warned, the front of the library is inexplicably faced away from the street it is on. You will be driving up to the back of the library and be confused about how to go in. Drive around to the other side.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/29/2013,55,94,1,5,4>I am a believer that there are two things you need in life: pizza and beer.  Fortunately, you can get both of these things (and only these things) at Zio Carlo.  The pizza is phenomenal and the beer selection diverse.  My favorite pizza is the Carolina: olive oil, cheese and sausage.  Basic, but tasty.  The beer selection rotates, and every bartender I have encountered has been able to recommend a fantastic brew.  Five stars for service, five stars for pizza and five stars for beer.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/28/2013,356,554,2,5,2>It was my first time ever going to see a Chiropractor and I was very nervous as I didn't want to hear all the popping LOL.  I walked in and was greeted by the friendly staff and their office Shih Tzu.  Staff here are very friendly and make you feel comfortable.   I was so nervous but they walked me through the whole process.  They evaluate you and ask you questions on what is bothering you.  I had a rib that was popped out and they immediately knew where it was.  I was a bit uncomfortable at first when it came to adjusting me but think I'll get used to go when I go back for another visit.  They are very accommodating and work on you.  You are not rushed out of the office here.  They take care of you.  I felt like I was being treated like a queen here.  They do charge more than any other clinic but they take their time on you.  Thank you for making me forget about how nervous I was!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,6/27/2013,104,99,,4,2>I went again last night and I just wanted to say that this Snow-Cone stand gives better customer service than 99% of any business that I have ever encountered. They will give you suggestions based on what you order to improve your cone or save you money. They are fantastic. They also practically begged us to let my dog have his own free snow cone because they really care about their customers. I only wish they accepted credit cards so I could give them more of my business because I love this place. Thanks to the owners for embodying everything that is great about small businesses.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/25/2013,135,233,,5,2>Don't let the location fool you! Yes, it's in a gas station, but when you walk inside, it's surprisingly nice (for a gas station restaurant). The food they make is essentially good quality comfort food.Portions are really big! Ordered the chicken parmesan with pink sauce (white and red sauce), which was really big and placed on top of a nice amount of pasta and covered with a generous amount of mozzarella. Yes, it was heavy and filling, but it was an honestly tasty chicken parmesan.Another friend ordered the prime rib--that was really tasty; she ordered it done medium and it was actually cooked medium; they actually know how to cook a piece of meat. It was really juicy and tasty; i really recommend that and i might order that dish next time I eat there!Another friend ordered the crab-stuffed chicken. I didn't want to order it myself because i'm generally wary of ordering chicken dishes at restaurants because they're usually dry. But this one was really well-cooked and moist, not to the mention the crab stuffed inside of it made the dish complete.Bread pudding was really good. Honestly, I think that may have been the best part of the meal. And I normally don't care for bread pudding. Lesser bread puddings have the look and texture of wet, melting bread (which i suppose is kind of what bread pudding is), but this one was really different (in a good way). It was more "pudding-ish" than "bread-ish," which i personally liked. It also came in some cognac sauce at the bottom of the bowl; it was just an added bonus to an already excellent tasting dessert.Our server was great, so friendly. His name is Terrance, by the way. And his recommendations were good, too.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,6/24/2013,8,15,,2,2>El Matador is a Denton standard.  Have been going there for years and have NEVER gotten bad food.  The atmosphere is casual, and a great place for big parties.  The staff does everything to accommodate large parties and the wait is never more than a few minutes.  Food is on the upside of Tex-Mex quality, but the thing that stands out most to me is the service.  Wait staff and bus boys are all very well trained and do every thing they can to make your visit as enjoyable as possible.  Food is very reasonably priced and a great value for the money. Full bar is available and they don't scrimp on the liquor either.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/23/2013,147,187,2,7,4>What I enjoy most about this place is none of the drinks have anything artificial in them. The bartenders are not your regular bartenders and are awesome in their craft. Everything is considered when creating your classic cocktail, from which brand and type of alcohol they use, the ingredients and preparation. My favorite drinks are the French 75 if you want something sweet and bubbly, the Old Fashion for something a bit stronger, and the Bison something for something fresh and sweet. They also offer a limited wine and beer selection. I really enjoy the ambiance The Usual has to offer. Magnolia has a very trendy, hipster vibe to it and The Usual steps it up a notch, creating a very modern, sterile looking environment. What makes The Usual even more worth coming to is Holy Frijoles right behind them.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,6/22/2013,27,40,3,5,5>This hidden gem is exactly what I was hoping would exist in the Stockyards! I moved to Fort Worth from Austin, where I did tons of two-stepping at the Broken Spoke and Donn's Depot. My idea of a two-stepping bar involves cheap beer, bad carpet, lots of old men who know how to spin and amazing country music. Pearl's (unlike what I have seen at Billy Bob's) has all of those things.I poked my head in last night just to confirm the rumors. It is all true. Wednesday nights are the "Working Man's Hump Night," with a happy hour from 7-11pm that includes $2 margaritas, $2 you call it's, and $2 longnecks. Plus, no cover! There was an awesome band with great singer and mean slide guitar and fiddler. Beautiful old fashioned bar, intimate dance floor, and a friendly crowd of regulars. A very welcoming bartender says the crowd thins out towards 10, so come early for more dancing. At 10:30 last night, there were still a few couples on the floor.I was psyched to see this kind of place exists in Fort Worth. I asked the bartender if young dancers ever come in, and she said you never know who will show up, but it hasn't hit the mainstream yet (after all these years). I can't decide if I should spread the word or protect the secret, but with beer prices this low and this good music, I think its time to get some youthful two-steppers in the door.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,6/21/2013,97,79,,6,3>What a fun date night place!The atmosphere is phenomenal. The dude and I decided to check this place out (partly because they do room rentals for wedding parties/receptions) and we wanted to do a little self-spoiling. We walked around for a minute to survey the area and pick a place to sit down. There are lots of nooks and an open space in the middle (the back area was taken by an event and we didn't see much of it). We ended up in what looked like an executive area with a large table and lots of seating. It was closed off on three sides, which made it pretty private. Not gonna lie --- I kicked off my heels and propped my feet up on the chair across the table. We purchased a bottle of wine from the cellars and a cheese plate (priced about $11, if I remember correctly). It was a lovely $40 evening. Not a bad splurge. The cheese plate had more than enough food to snack on for two. We even took some of the cheese home. Tip: the wine is much more affordable if you buy it by the bottle to take home. We saw a couple bottles on sale for around $14 or $15. It would have been much cheaper to buy a bottle and find a romantic spot around town to park and partake. I don't know if we will come back to this place any time soon. There are too many date night spots to check out in the FTW. However, it is certainly my top choice for a wedding reception and I recommend checking it out for sure for all of you people who haven't been yet.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/20/2013,132,138,3,3,2>Let me start by saying I am a newb to the German cuisine. But I do know a meal cooked with love when I taste one. I'm excited to have EG here in the Mid-Cities...woohoo! This whole area on Boulevard 26 (once known as Bad-Luck Boulevard because most of the business' in the area are usually dead) is about to undergo some major turnaround. ANYways back to my review...THIS PLACE ROCKS!  BIG portions. I usually split a plate with my guy ($2.50 charge but worth it in my opinion as I could barely even get through my half portion). Jagerschnitzel is my favorite. Love their cabbage and dumplings too. A good appetizer is the Currywurst. I always am eager to try the desserts but I swear I am always too stuffed by the end of the meal. The atmosphere is very chill and laid back. Clean and minimal decor (compared to their last location that had german memorabilia all over the walls). This location is almost 3x's as big than the previous location. The staff dress in traditional clothing which I find very charming.  The staff is very nice and go out of their way to make sure you are enjoying your food. As of now, I believe its still BYOB and I see that they have a beer garden possibly in the works. So my suggestion is, if you are contemplating it, just do it! Go eat here! You will be so full and happy that you did. ;)
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,6/19/2013,33,32,,2,2>I'm giving it a solid 4, my lady is giving it a 5+, so let's go with 4.5 stars. Went on a Thursday during lunch, it was pleasantly crowded but no line at the register. Got 2 fried chicken tacos (add pineapple) and a Rusty taco. All were pretty cheap at $2 for the chicken and $3 for the Rusty taco. The RT was decent, but not what I was in the mood for. Fried chicken tacos were so, SO very good. I added pineapple to cut the heat and add juuust enough sweet. GF got 3 tacos as well, I just don't know what they were because by the time they came out she shoved them all in her pie hole as quickly as she could. Service was fairly fast. The patio is surprisingly cool during the day, thanks to all the shade and some killer fans. I hear they deliver to OSDH&CP, but I have yet to test that. If so, and everything is right/doesn't take an hour and a half like Mellow, that would bump them up to a well-deserved 5 stars. :)Let the hordes of families have the ick that is Fuzzy's, I'll be at the place with REAL margaritas.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,6/18/2013,55,175,,5,2>Wow....Wow....Dined on a weekday evening for what I thought would be a short, early dinner with good friends Marc M and Erin H...only to spend almost 3 hours enjoying the food, wine, conversation and ambiance of this gem.  Tuna Tartar flatbread, lobster porcini mac and cheese, Morrocan stuffed chicken....a wonderful spinach, pecan and blue cheese salad....Tribeca is a must try for our mid-cities neighbors looking for something that goes beyond the typical....Service was excellent and attentive, and although a little on the loud side, the dining area was comfortable and warm.  The number of diners on a weeknight attests to the buzz that Tribeca is generating.  Lounge area also looked inviting for the after dinner nightcap.Just not many times do I take a first bite, then put my fork down as a reflexive "wow" comes from my mouth....tonight there were more than one.....Wow....
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,6/17/2013,43,145,,4,3>As a history buff in general, I have had my eye on this place since it opened. I studied Civil War history in college so you would think that, when a Civil War Museum opens so close to me, that I would jump to go check it out. But for some reason or another, I did not check this place out until recently, when a groupon offer finally forced my hand. With my dad in tow (our ancestor fought in the Civil war, so we both enjoy studying the era) we made it over to the Texas Civil War Museum. Quite simply put, I was blown away. In no way, shape or form did I expect such a quality museum. They have myriads of top grade relics, weapons, personal affects, and uniforms from the War Between the States. This is not just stuff from the average infantryman either. They had affects from J.E.B Stuart, U.S. Grant, Jefferson Davis, and countless minor generals and officers. Most impressive was their collection of weapons and rare ones at that. Some rare weapons I noted: a LeMat revolver (this brand gained fame as J.E.B Stuart carried one), a Henry repeating rifle, a Spencer repeating rifle, and countless small run European and Confederate made items. Also interesting were the donated items from descendants of soldiers; so some displays have have not only a complete uniform and weapons, but also the soldiers' back story and more personal items as well. The exhibit is set up nicely too, with the Union items on the left and the Confederate items on the right. Information placards adorn the walls of the exhibits as well, noting such things as the manufacturing capability of each faction and other useful tidbits. At the back end of the museum, they also have a large selection of Victorian Era dresses, so this isn't just a museum for Dad and Jr. to run off to. Plenty of cool things to check out in the gift shop as well, so this place has something for everyone. If you are at all interested in the Civil War, heed this history buff's advice and check this gem of a museum out!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/16/2013,55,196,3,5,2>We went to the new Pie Five Pizza this week and loved it.  All the pizzas are personal size (9") and they all cost $6.49 regardless of how many (or how few) toppings you get on your pizza.  The crust comes in white or wheat and you choose between thin or thick.  They also have a bunch of specialty pizzas including the Pie Five High Five, Chicken Carbonara, Athenian, Margherita, Treehugger, Buffalo Chicken, Five Star, BBQ Pulled Pork and Pie Ferno.   I got the Pie Five High Five Pizza which had all kinds of pizza meats on it including pepperoni, Italian sausage, bacon, ham, hamburger with mozzarella, provolone and cheddar cheese.  When they were done constructing my pizza, they asked if I wanted to add anything else, so I added mushrooms, olives and jalapenos (see pic).  Five minutes later (Pie "five") I had my pizza.  Wow!!  My wife had the Pie Ferno pizza, which lived up to its name and was spicier than we expected (see pic).  The pizza was made from homemade crust and all the ingredients were very fresh.  I loved my pizza and my wife loved hers as well.  My wife also had a side salad (see pic) which was a shockingly delicious small salad in a plastic container.  The employees were super friendly, helpful and well trained.  I ordered a beer, but the Manager (Hector) explained they were still waiting on their alcohol permit.  The restaurant is very nicely decorated and provides a comfortable place to eat your pizza with a variety of seating choices in the dining room.  This place is a keeper and a great addition to the area.  I predict Pie Five Pizza will be very popular and I'll definitely be back for some more pie.  Pizza-5 stars, Value-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Ambiance-5 stars.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,6/15/2013,297,590,3,10,7>This review is long overdue. Loooooong overdue. I could write a short story about the food here. It's that good. Whenever I have the chance to drag someone to Magnolia for lunch or dinner- I'm bringing them straight to Shinjuku. So for the lunch menu- they have a few starters, rice bowls, bento boxes, udon and of course sushi. My favorites are the pulled pork udon, healthy bento and the chicken kakiage rice bowl. The staff is knowledgeable and quick so you can come on your lunch break and have plenty of time.Now on to the dinner menu. This is a izakaya- so you can order small plates of food to share. This way you get to try a few things off the menu and it really makes the dining experience that much more fun. Think japanese tapas :) I really do love everything I have had here but let me give you a few of my favorites from the kitchen menu and the sushi bar. As far as sushi items- the hama chili- yellowtail sashimi with ponzu, cilantro and jalapeno. I'm a total ponzu slut so this is greatness. The kampachi ceviche has a young yellowtail sashimi with yuzu-citrusy sauce,  diced jalapenos, cilantro, and tomatoes. Yumm!! Finally the hamachi zest garlic roll.  I sub the salmon for big eye tuna (hate salmon!). Topped with lemon zest, roasted garlic bits and little slivers of green onion. Can you tell that I love hamachi??? Ha. They always have specials on the weekends and sometimes have live uni. I'm ruined on uni now because of this. I need Tuan (best chef ever)to murder one in front of me and let me enjoy the deliciousness. Check out my photos!The kitchen items we consider must order are the braised pork belly, sake steamed mussels (get a side of rice to sop up the leftover sauce!), seared baby octopus- I know- they look so cute and little and I feel kind of bad...but not really because they taste great- and the okonomiyaki (japanese pizza). Some of my favorite drinks from the bar- the old fashion and smoked dog. The first has muddled blackberries and orange and the latter is a twist on a salty dog. There's not a bad place to sit here. We will eat at the bar and chat with the bartenders or post up at the sushi bar so we can eat and watch the chefs make tasty creations for everyone. When the weather is nice I love the patio. It's good for larger groups and the twinkle lights and potted plants remind me of Patrizio's in Highland Park.I love this place. I know I have used love quite a lot in this review but it's true. Shinjuku is near and dear!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,6/14/2013,298,874,2,6,3>Even though my father-in-law lives almost around the corner, it's been a while since I've been back to My Lan. On this Sunday night visit, around 7PM, the place was bustling. For the entire time we sat, there was a wait by the door. We, luckily, were seated quickly. First thing we noticed is that the menu has many new items. Either that or we don't remember them, after all it has been a while. The things we did not remember were Korean style BBQ rib (with rice) and also some bun rieu dishes.I went with my old standby,  Hu Tiu Xao (#77, beef - see previous review). It was as good as ever and I love how they get those noodles so crispy. I enjoy it with a bit of sriracha and hoisin sauce on the side for dipping. Oh, and careful of the baby bok choy. Those little veggies really retain the heat and can be hot! Thuy went for the bun rieu oc (bun rieu with shrimp and periwinkles, a small snail). It was good, but I would have to describe it as a little overly complicated. It had a lot of flavors going on that I'm not accustomed to in my bun rieu (most notably was the lemon grass). Still, this is without a dounbt, the best Vietnamese restaurant around. It has all the staples (pho, banh vanh, banh hoi) and some delicious alternatives too (hiu tiu, bun mang vit, chao). If you're feeling really adventurous, you can try the "chao huyet" (Pork Blood Porridge). For the less adventurous, "com chien" (fried rice) is always an option (there are 6 fried rice dishes to choose from). Bottom Line: You really can't go wrong with My Lan. PS. Yes, your dishes are going to come out in whatever order the kitchen finishes making them, when they finish them. Did you really want your food sitting under a heat lamp while the rest of your table's food is prepared? I didn't think so. Also, when your done eating, don't wait for a bill. Just make note of your table number and head to the cashier at the back. Split check? No problem, the cashier will take care of that too. As noted before, My Lan now accepts credit cards. Enjoy!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,6/13/2013,77,119,,6,3>Happy Hour:::For me I usually go to Blue Mesa for the happy hour specials but be warned it gets crowded! It's the best because if you purchase a beverage, you get made to order quesadillas and chips and salsa. In fact, sometimes we've made this our dinner for the night. Brunch:::In my opinion they have the BEST brunch! It's a little pricey at $18+/- per person but you get almost their full menu and breakfast favorites, buffet style. Bonus: If you sign up for their email, you get complimentary brunch the month of your birthday (or something like 30 days within your birthday). Bottomless mimosas, yep, count me in.Dinner:::I don't go for dinner a lot but it's always been tasty. I usually take advantage of the brunch and happy hour specials.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,6/12/2013,1341,757,8,8,5>I am a huge fan of this yoga studio. The staff is really nice, they offered to hold my keys for me during the session. The studio is clean and the ladies locker rooms are really nice. There are a good number of cubby holes for you to keep your belongings.  They offer a lot of class times. I usually go to the evening classes and have taken classes from a few different instructors. They're all really good. You do the same 26 poses in each class which may sound like it's boring but it really challenges you. This is not the calming easy breezy class you think of when you picture yoga. It's definitely more militant and pressured. There's a pace that you must maintain and if you're not hydrated you will suffer and suffer HARD. The reward is at the end of the 90 minute class when you get to veg out. It's the same feeling you get after a good tumble between the sheets. You're tired but very satisfied. I highly suggest giving this practice a try. You will sweat more than you have ever sweat and you will stretch muscles you did not know you had. I expect to see you there soon. :)
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,6/11/2013,105,275,4,5,4>Oh, Dude Sweet how I love thee let me count the ways:Your artisan chocolates made from Valhrona chocolate call to me through their brown paper packages.The C3PO Artisan marshmallows melt in your mouth with their wicked coconut, cashew and cocoa nibbly goodness.The Tub O Luv (which is only to be consumed in the dark, using a spoon....) brings cocoa and hazelnut to epic new levels {hint: microwave for 15 seconds to make spreading easier}Sting Ray Spiced Rum Truffles are so wonderfully sweet that you will need a partner to share with, and a designated driver if you're in public.No, really, the only things I haven't loved from here is the Fairy Tale ginger sauce.  The staff is delightfully sweet, just like the chocolates.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/10/2013,127,446,,8,4>My wife and I stopped in for dinner last Saturday night after spending the afternoon birthday shopping for our 15 year old son. We had heard good things about FnG, and it was about time we gave them a try. And, boy, am I glad we did.Upon our arrival around 7:30-ish, the restaurant was mostly full. We were immediately struck by the ambience of the place - an upbeat & lively group of patrons being served by friendly and smiling wait staff. We were promptly seated and greeted by our server. Upon perusing the menu, I was impressed with the variety of creative dishes offered at all courses of the meal. Where else can you choose between chicken-fried venison, Scottish wild salmon, or "buffalo meatball riggies", among other things, for your entree? This was a tough decision for both of us - not because nothing looked good, but because EVERYthing looked good.I finally honed in on the Scottish wild salmon and my wife chose the Gilroy roasted chicken. My salmon was nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. It was moist, flavorful, and just the right portion. Many of the entrees come with the FnG OC Greens - a combination of spinach and other leafy veggies combined with cubed sweet potatoes and a seasoning with just enough kick to make the tastebuds dance. My wife enjoyed her chicken, but let me eat her mashed potatoes since she's on a low-carb thingy. Outstanding.FnG offers an ample selection of wines by the glass with something to please any palate. We passed on dessert, as we just couldn't eat another bite.During our visit we chatted a bit with owner and chef Bob Stevenson, who shared the menu of an upcoming wine pairing dinner. They offer a communal table (empty when we visited) and will serve a special Valentine's Day dinner to several couples around that table.Can you tell I was impressed? I'm awarding five stars for a creative menu, flavorful offerings, friendly & knowledgeable staff, and a cool ambience. FnG is a wonderful addition to Keller and I wish them success. I will do my part to see that they do.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/9/2013,243,187,2,9,2>First visit and we totally fell in love with this place.Tea/drink menu is extensive and prepared to order.The food is fresh, very tasty and priced right.We had 2 entrees, 2 apps, 1 tea and 1 Aloe-Kiwi drink and the bill was like 32 bucks.I'd ordered some calamari and it was one of the best preps I've had.   They DO NOT have freezers so the squid was fresh.  It was cooked perfectly (no rubbery texture) and the breading was not too dense or crispy.My wife ordered some fried cheese sticks and these were basically hand-cut "planks" of mozzerrella cheese, hand-breaded and fried up.   There were like 6 to an order and the accompanying marinara sauce was simple, thick and absolutely fantastic.  It easily puts to shame many of the turnkey "NY Style" pizza places and don't even get me started on the chains.Entree's consisted of Grilled Shrimp over spicy basil rice for me and stir-fried veggies over the same spicy rice for wifey (they were out of tofu).Both dishes were sized just right and very tasty.   The ordering works in an efficient, simply way....pick your protein...pick the side/accompaniment..pay at the counter and the food gets delivered.Service was very friendly and helpful.   These folks are doing it right.The menu, however was not what I was expecting.   You would expect a place that specializes in teas/boba drinks etc to be heavily Asian-influenced.  Not as much here.   Burgers, Cajun, American are the featured players on the cuisine.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,6/8/2013,135,469,,3,3>I went here for lunch the other day, and I'm kind of vascillating whether to give them a 3 or a 4, but I'll be nice and round up because I did enjoy my schwarma.  It's a very casual joint with counter service and no ambience to speak of.  The "custom" schwarma is really just beef or chicken and a decision on which veggies to use;  when I tried to ask for tahini on my chicken schwarma I was told that the tahini was for the beef schwarma and the garlic sauce is for the chicken.  Um...ok... I went with it, but honestly I think I would have liked some of the tahini on the chicken anyway.The schwarma was one of the better chicken shwarmas I've had in this area.  However, the reason for my vascillation is that the sides were not good.  The hummus and babaghanoush didn't taste like they were made on-site, and the "cucumber/yogurt salad" was really yogurt with a few tiny bits of cucumber -- it should have been called yogurt sauce w/ cucumber.  I was expecting slices of cucumber coated with yogurt.  Oh well.  They actually didn't have that many choices for sides (I don't recall seeing dolmas offered, and that's one of my go-to sides).For lunch it's a good price - big 2 piece sandwich and sides, though as I said the sides weren't that great.  However, there are SO MANY good Lebanese/Turkish/Insert Mediterranean Ethnicity Here restaurants around, there really isn't anything standout about Medina.  Istanbul Grill is superior pretty much all around (IMNSHO) and isn't that far.  The hummus and babaghanoush are better at Beirut Rock and the prices just about as inexpensive, though I think the schwarma is a bit better at Medina.I am glad they seem to have pleased other reviewers, because I certainly wish them well, but I don't really have a reason to drive the extra couple miles out there past Istanbul Grill unless I am specifically craving a schwarma pita and not any of the sides (which are usually part of the craving).  But darn it, I'm going to get tahini on it if I go back, no matter what they say!  Neener-neener!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/7/2013,134,301,4,5,3>Wicked cool music art on the walls, great selection of music playing, and yep, one of the only places in town that you can actually get a straight blade shave.  OMG... a dying art form, and sooooo the equivalent of having a facial done for a woman.  Or microdermabrasion... Or, well, honestly, I don't know what its the same as for women, but for me, OMG its like feeling completely alive again!Admittedly, this was one of the longest shaves I've had before, from start, to shaving cream facial, to finish.  My shaver, Todd, was super down to earth, chill, and professional.  Like we've gone through this sing and dance many times before, despite it being our first meeting.  Only nicked me once, and that was on the edge of the jaw, and in that aspect, I never even felt it, only saw it at the end.  He was meticulous in checking to make sure each area was properly shaved, no patches, and 100% smooth.  Admittedly wanted to scream like a school-girl, you know, like the scene in Home Alone, when the after shave hit my face, but the numbing cool that comes on afterwards is totally freeing.  The lovely lady gave a little rub to the face to approve of the work done.  Success!  She's a fan, too it would seem, as there was some follow up loving to validate Todd's work
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/6/2013,75,237,3,7,5>I have to admit, i didn't want to like BREWED. BREWED, when you opened you looked like the place that everyone raves about simply because the interior design is beautiful (it is). You seemed a little pretentious with your perfectly decorated dining rooms and artful menu options. And to be honest....I was severely wrong.We decided to swing in one night after dinner to participate in Yelp drinks 2013. When we walked inside the staff was really sweet and helpful and informed us that we could wait an hour for a table or we could snag a couch anywhere in the restaurant to simply hang out and order a snack or grab a drink from the bar. We claimed a couch in the back, ordered a flight to try some local beers such as Revolver's Blood and Honey and to my surprise, felt right at home. The couches were beautiful and although the looked like something out of a home decorators blog, they were deceptively comfortable. It really felt like we were hanging out in a living room. I was so thrilled to see on their menu that they had Leprechaun on tap, but not only that, they had the elusive Leprechaun pomegranate cider i had been trying to find (and taste) for a few months!We have definitely marked this place as a great place to get something to drink and also relax. The staff overall went above and beyond and the pricing was pretty reasonable.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,6/5/2013,206,99,2,2,2>I love coming here to purchase goodies and treats for my little one (he's actually not that little). Three Dog Bakery has a lot of interesting and CUTE desserts for dogs behind the counter. A lil bit pricey I say but I come in every once in awhile to pick up a  something special so it's all good! The service here is great too. I always end up chitchatting with the workers and they provide a lot of insight about their products and ingredients. Good job, TDB!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,6/4/2013,60,154,,8,4>The only coffee house in Denton that is serving french pressed and single cup dripped coffee. It sure takes the Denton craft coffee culture to a new level!Although, it doesn't offer its own roasted coffee (at least not yet), Seven Mile Coffee Co. does use and sell the Stumptown Coffee Roaster's excellent coffee.  It is also important to point out that one can buy Stumptown's direct-trade coffee at Seven Mile.The coffee here is definitely a little bit pricey,  but you do get high quality cup of joe in the end.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,6/3/2013,332,311,1,4,1>Time for an update... yes, it has been less than a year since I wrote my first review , but my goal in 2013 is to give Kirby's the credit it is due.  EVERYTIME I go here, the place is awesome.Maybe it is because I have gotten to know the service staff (Ted, Maria, Max) - they are super friendly and remember so many faces/people.  Maybe it is because the menu is varied and everything is yummy.  Maybe it is because they have an excellent sommelier, Thomas, who never fails to produce an excellent bottle of wine just by telling him what you like/don't like.  Maybe it is because even though the Southlake restaurant scene is white-hot and uber-competitive, this restaurant continues to deliver on great food, service and atmosphere.Whether it is a special occasion, a business dinner, or just a late-night craving for a great steak or a glass of wine, Kirby's is my favorite restaurant in Southlake.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,6/2/2013,33,29,9,5,5>I. love. Burguesa.Truth be told, the first time I went to Burguesa, I wasn't sold. It wasn't that the food wasn't good. Honestly, it might have been the company I was with. I went back a second time. Then a third. Then a fourth. And I believe it was the second time my best friend and I had been to Burguesa that week when I looked up at him and said, "Oh god, Bobby. We like Burguesa don't we?"I worry about that location. It's in a perfectly accessible, busy area, but the building must be cursed. Hot Box went down, and I fear the same for Burguesa, if only because it's eerily empty every time I go in. And I just don't understand it. With the prices, the service, the food, and the location...It should be so much busier than it is.Burguesa is a wonderland of all things delicious. Their staff is friendly, they have frequent foodie cards (I'm only 2 burgers away from a free one!), their prices are dirt cheap ($5 for a burger, fries, and a drink? COME ON), and they are generally playing some sweet jams on their stereo (You'll only hear Psy's 'Gangnam Style' once while eating - a sign of a true haven).Food-wise: I'm a burger purist, so I don't believe in putting unnecessary toppings on something I consider so sacred. Generally, I follow my holy trinity rule for burgers: Rule #1: The Holy Trinity-Meat-Cheese-Singular sauceIf you've got fresh, quality meat, you really don't need much else. However, cheese is really not optional, because...Wait, do I even need to justify that to you? COME ON. It's cheese. Sauce can be a hit or miss item. Traditionally, I go with mayo, but I always try ~special sauces. If the sauce is disgusting, I have a pretty clear idea that the restaurant had no idea what they were doing. I mean, if you want a nasty sauce on all of your burgers, you just aren't trusting the burger itself. And at that point, I don't trust you.Burguesa's creamy sauce is beautiful. It's a mayo-based spicy sauce that isn't too overpowering, but most definitely addictive. They must know how good it is, because they always include an extra tub of the creamy sauce for your burger, fries, or as an after dinner shot. My first time at Burguesa, I didn't ask for the spicy fries. That was a rookie mistake, and I should have known better. Don't get me wrong, their fries are pretty solid. But again, with burger places, I have rules.Rule #2: Always order spicy fries. They also include a fortune taco-cookie with every meal. It's a kitsch thing that I look forward to, as most of the time the cookie is stale and I often believe they made the same day that I was born, but I still find myself chomping away at the cinnamon-laced treat. I mean, I can't have standards for everything, guys.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/1/2013,13,10,,4,3>We were super excited to have a Mexican restaurant open in our neighborhood, and have been here at least 10 times since they opened a month ago LOL!  The food is really fresh and very flavorful.  You have to try the Elote (duh!) which is corn on the cob with mayo, cotija cheese, house made chili pepper & lime.  It's counter service, so it's a pretty casual place.  However, they do have several beers on tap & homemade margaritas.... probably the best margaritas I've ever tasted and are definitely NOT from a pre-made mix!  We've tried the veggie tacos, pulled pork burritos, nachos with brisket, queso, guac, salsa... pretty much everything on the menu is awesome.  All the sauces are made from scratch and are so good.  Even the tofu sour cream is yummy.  They are still a new restaurant and are NOT a chain, so occasional errors are to be expected, but are quickly corrected when you let the owners or manager know.  Talking about all this yumminess, I think we'll ride our bikes there tonight!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,5/31/2013,103,100,4,8,6>For what seems like the longest time, I've heard rumblings about a drive-in theater opening up. It's opening...it's opening...wait for iiitt...and then last night, on a random Monday, out of what seemed like nowhere...Bam. It's open. Jaws, Back to the Future, Ferris Bueller, Grease, Indiana Jones and more, and I figured this would be worth checking out.And it was. But the problem seemed to be that just about nobody knew about it opening. So there I am in this massive place, taking a look around, with the greatest movies ever playing silently in some kind of zombie-less (probably, you never know) post-apocalyptic scenario.But that's not to say that it's not really, really impressive, and will probably take right off once people find out that it's open. It's on a really stunning spot, just under the bluff that downtown rests on, and they've set up a huge pavilion with picnic tables, a concession stand where you can grab popcorn and candy and all your movie staples, as well as a grown-up concession stand (ahem, bar) for just sitting on the patio and beer-gardening.As far as I could tell, you need an FM radio to tune in to the audio of whatever movie you want to watch on one of their three screens. I biked in from the Trinity Trails (which wasn't as easy as you'd think given its proximity), so I'm not sure if they have that angle thought out or not (something tells me they do), but none of the audio could be heard at the patio area, only music, which I'm pretty sure was exactly as intended. Can you tell I'm excited? I am. The bottom line is that this is a really unique, great thing to hit Fort Worth. Can't wait to see what they have planned going forward.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/30/2013,74,107,2,5,3>Frosty's is a dangerous place for my waistband.  There's absolutely nowhere else I'd rather go to get a burger and a shake.  It's hard for me to find fault in this old fashioned establishments and there are more than a few things that keep me coming back.Without a doubt, Frosty's main attractions are the milkshakes and root beer.  I'm a huge fan of the cherry milkshake.  The syrup and ice cream are always well mixed and I usually don't make it home with any left in my cup.  They definitely don't skimp on the servings and a smaller shake does me just fine.  The root beer is also outstanding; I can honestly say I've never had anything like.  Root beer from the bottle and the can don't hold up against this frothy mug of deliciousness.The food itself is also pretty awesome.  The burgers and fries are usually the way to go and I haven't really strayed from that part of the menu.  I've been meaning to get more creative with my order, but I don't feel like wrecking a good thing.  The people who work here and own it are always really friendly.  I can honestly say I've never had a bad experiencing visiting this place.  It is absolutely a must go joint in Denton.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/29/2013,135,242,,6,4>Definitely one of my favorite spots in Denton. The interior is a charming old house with comfy sofas, intriguing decor (love that lamp) and a sit-down multi-game arcade set-up. It's a great hang out with friends in winter (when they remember to turn the heat on) or when it's rainy (especially because it's one of 3 bars in Denton that DO NOT allow smoking! WOO HOO!!), but I think the backyard outdoor area is the big draw. They even have umbrellas for shade or heaters if it gets chilly.A lot of reviewers seem to think the whole place has a bit of a watered down Austin feel (perhaps in the spirit of Spider House but way more beer) but I think it's a great addition to Denton. The crowd seems to have a little bit of everyone, it's not a bunch of college kids. Likewise, the music is pretty diverse as well--50s rock one day, country the next, but it's almost always good stuff.No food offered but you can order from anywhere willing to deliver or bring your own.The bartenders are all very friendly and helpful. There are about 50 or so beers on tap with a focus on Texas brews. Ask about any beers you're unsure of, and you'll likely also get a sampling first. They have a couple wines (sadly only chardonnay in the white dept--usually I hate chardonnay but this is Becker Vineyards so it's drinkable) as well, and the few mixed drinks I've had have been pretty tasty. It definitely gets pretty crazy on weekend nights but I've found it's usually still manageable!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,5/28/2013,53,93,2,8,3>Great little lunchtime spot! Service is speedy and SUPER friendly. I've been twice to enjoy their original cheese enchiladas. That ancho chile red sauce they make is to die for! Also very, very good is the fresh guacamole and salsa. I think the food and service are good enough to warrant a drive over from just about anywhere in Fort Worth. Lucky for me, my parents live in the neighborhood!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/27/2013,26,111,3,6,5>This is my very favorite Thai restaurant.  I was a frequent guest a million years ago when they were located further South in Haltom City.  Some zoning thing forced them to close.   After a long wait they returned at the current location and I'm glad to say the food is just as good, if not better, than it ever was.  The owner, who will probably also serve you, is a gem.  He is ever polite, helpful and makes the best coconut ice cream on earth (save room for it, seriously!)I generally get phad thai (or pad thai, whatever) and it's freshly made, perfect!  The egg rolls are good and we also like the standard chicken and rice soup that comes with most entrees.  Papaya salad is also a winner as is the yellow curry.  We've enjoyed everything we've ever ordered and the portions are HUGE so there's always some left for lunch the next day.  Again I'll say, DON'T SKIP THE ICE CREAM!!  It's something special and I know you like things that are special, right?
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/26/2013,32,13,,4,4>Beer, music, food, and friends!  This place is so great!  We went on a Saturday, and they opened at 1:00pm.  We accidentally showed up at noon because I was scoping out the area for some lunch beforehand.  Good thing I did!  People were already lining up!  We ditched lunch and jumped in line while it was still in the parking lot.  The parking lot is SUPER small for the crowd this place draws in.  Thankfully we got there early enough to have a spot that was all by itself in the lot right in front of the building.  I can imagine it would be very hard to maneuver in when there is a line of people going through it.  It was a beautiful day, and we didn't mind the wait at all.  Before we knew it, there was a thick line of people that continue to build out of the lot and wrapped around the building out of site!  They began letting people in right at 1:00pm.  They card EVERYONE, which we really appreciate!  To our pleasant surprise, my husband got in for free because it was his birthday!  Apparently, they do this for anyone who comes in on their birthday!  It wasn't my birthday, so I paid the $10.  Womp womp... But SO WORTH IT! They gave us each a wristband that had 3 tabs on it and a souvenir pint glass that changes monthly, seasonally, or around holidays.  We immediately got in line for some beer.  I chose the blonde, and my husband chose a the snowmaggedon.  I also found out that you could mix the red and blonde for a "strawberry blonde".  DELICIOUS!  Music played by a live band, and a outside vendor was selling fish tacos that were sooooo good!  Apparently it is a different vendor from the Ft. Worth area each weekend.  We really just enjoyed the chill atmosphere.  We could easily be alone and enjoy our own conversation, or we could turn around and strike up a conversation with some total strangers and make some new friends!  A couple of negatives (that honestly couldn't even affect the rating in my opinion)...There is only one bathroom!  The line was about a 30 minute wait, and I truly almost peed on myself.  I mean, all that beer and only bathroom?!?!  And it definitely was not clean :(  Also, we really wanted to go on the "guided tour" which ended up being more of a guy standing on the stage and talking.  And the speakers were so bad that everything sounded so muffled.  I couldn't understand a thing.  I am not sure if they actually take you on a "tour" as we didn't hang around for the whole lecture because we couldn't understand what was being said.  From what I heard from friends we made there, you can rent out the brewery for a private event!  Something I would definitely look into for a family reunion or get together for some co--workers and friends.  How fun!?!?  Overall, I LOVE this place!  It has made me fall in love with Ft. Worth so much!  I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/25/2013,71,136,2,5,1>You know those places you have been eating at so long you actually forget to review them? The places where you are a "usual" and where they know your order when you walk in the door? I love this place. Mama Tiki always tells me I am looking so beautiful when I come in too, so you know, that doesn't hurt either! ha! This is a hole in the wall perfect gem, everyone is nice, and the food is authentic and delicious. This is REAL Thai food, and not Americanized-Thai, so adjust your mindset accordingly. For instance the Jungle Curry has big pieces of lemon grass and crazy mushrooms in it in a broth based sauce. The curries are my favorites, with masman being my current go to order but it tends to rotate around the menu. They have tons of vegetarian dishes to try and Mama will pretty much make whatever you like with tofu.My husband and I love the eggrolls here so much that sometimes we swing by an pick up an order of 12 eggrolls! Oh they are so good, I know which level of Dante's Inferno I am going to.....
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,5/24/2013,36,76,,4,1>Cacharel is amazing.  I didn't know what to expect at first because the restaurant was on the 9th floor of a building, and in my opinion there's no way to know about this restaurant other than the internet or words-of-mouth.  This is a grand fine dining experience, although a little bit on a laid back side, which I enjoyed.  The service is top notch.  Our waiter was extremely caring and definitely made us felt special without being overbearing.  I recommend the beef tenderloin.  The texture and temperature of the beef was perfection, accompanied by a light and creamy peppercorn sauce.  We got the escargot appetizer and it was also wonderful.  We enjoyed the sweet grapes and the herb butter sauce, and the portion was also generous for an appetizer.  The pork chop with the chipotle pepper sauce and goat cheese was also a hit, although my friend commented that the chipotle sauce was too ordinary.  Once again, the temperature and texture of the pork chop was impeccable. The pork chop stayed warm all the way to the end of the meal.  Desserts are to die for.  The chocolate soufflé was at the right temperature - not too hot or too cold, with the right degree of fluffiness and sweetness.  The almond tulip with pistachio ice cream was also a favorite.  The crunchy almond tulip is not too sweet, balanced with the creamy pistachio ice cream and fresh fruits, which consisted of strawberries and raspberry.  Overall, you are in for a high end meal with excellent service, high quality food, and a wonderful dining environment.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,5/23/2013,47,98,,3,2>Their Southern Comfort salad has chicken fried bacon on it. Have I died and gone to heaven?!Rooster's is a go-to restaurant if you're hungry and need a good ol' dose of BBQ or a down home greasy burger. They've got great daily drink specials with a tasty Bloody Mary bar on the weekends... and like Stephanie K said, the PBRs are cheaper than soda. Perfect.I've tried quite a few things on the menu, but have been quite stuck on the appetizer menu lately. I normally end up with the cheeseburger sliders with grilled jalapenos and onions on delectable little rolls and sub the chips for a side salad. A full meal for $6! My guy gets the pulled pork nachos and adds those same grilled jalapenos and onions and could probably eat off that alone for a week. They're ridiculous in the best of ways! If you're feeling extra saucy, you can even sub the chips for fries. Prepare to upgrade your definition of loaded fries!My only word of warning: don't try to fit this in on a strict 1 hour work lunch break. Won't happen. Service is pretty slow (but always still friendly) and there can be a wait at the busy times, but that's how you know it's good!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,5/22/2013,4,32,,3,3>A hidden gem in Arlington next to the University, this place is fantastic.  Conceptually, it's really groovy- pay what you feel the food is worth (don't do them wrong- drop atleast $10 per person), sit with strangers at large tables, and what a great atmosphere. We spoke to the owner, all of the food is purchased daily from local farmer's market and the menu constantly changes based on what's seasonal.  It's a buffet type service, but someone plates it for you. We had an array of veggies, delicious pork, and soup.  They ran out of the dessert they had on the chalkboard, but whipped up a pear tart for us that was out this world.  Unique, friendly, local, healthy, and delicious. Peace and love man.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,5/21/2013,9,120,,6,3>I can not believe that this little neighborhood place does not have more reviews!  Oh well, that leaves more mussels for me...We were in Fort Worth last weekend in hopes of doing some Christmas shopping at locally owned stores.  Which are hard to find, by the way, but I have not given up.  We decided that Sapristi would be the perfect place to fill up after a lot of driving around!We have been here a few times before and always love it.  They changed up the menu since our last visit but still have lots of wonderful options.  We settled on the french mussels and the tapas platter "to start", little did we know that the look our server gave us meant "there is no way you'll be ordering more food".   Also had a bottle of my favorite sauvignon blanc with a reasonable markup, so I was very happy with that!  The mussels came out, we had a large order, which consisted of about 40-50 mussels and a sizeable side of skinny fries with some yummy dipping mayo.  The tapas platter had 5 or 6 different items on it, I especially loved the grilled octopus salad, I swear I did not know that octopus could be that tender!Service is perfectly unobtrusive, just the way I like it.  We decided that the best thing about Sapristi is that you can count on it to be good every time you go, which is very important to me.  Delicious!Keep in mind if you go that it is a little hard to find, our GPS actually was directing us down the street.  We have been there 4 or 5 times and still have trouble finding it perfectly.  It's in a little strip mall with a Greek restaurant.  Enjoy!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,5/20/2013,18,5,,3,2>I've used trinity bicycles for everything ranging from finding out about group rides in fort worth to switching my bike from fixed gear to single speed. The owners are always super helpful for a bicyle newbie such as myself, and never hesitate to give honest answers and opinions when asked. I've sent friends and family to their shop because I know they will always be taken care of. HIGHLY recommend Trinity Bicycles to anyone in the DFW area!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,5/19/2013,116,7,,17,7>My wife and I are big fans of all things Mediterranean food. Spanish, Italian, Israeli, Greek? Check, check, check and check.So when a little Greek restaurant promises to open up in our little rural, err, suburbia, we were definitely more than a little thrilled.  More Mediterranean is always a great thing.We arrived way early for dinner and decided to order a bunch of food. After about the fourth item order, the guy at the counter said, "That's enough food. No more." And he would be right.We ordered the Hummus & Pita and Supreme Salad to share with a Chicken Gyro for her and a classic Gyro sandwich for me.We go through gallons of store-bought hummus at our house and to taste freshly made hummus is a real treat. The chick peas and garlic still had swirls of olive oil. Needless to say, paired with the warm pita, it was obviously fresh and delicious.The Supreme Salad is a salad built for two. I am built like a linebacker so believe me when I say it is a lot of salad. Nice and fresh diced tomatoes, cucumbers, and red onions tossed in Greek dressing and covered (emphasis on covered) in delicious feta cheese. If you ever wanted more cheese on your salad, this is your place. However, I think because of the amount of feta cheese, my misses thought the salad was a bit too salty. If you think this would be case, ask for less cheese. (I know--that is weird even writing that sentence.)Of course, we had to have the standard Greek fare. My wife wasn't up to trying lamb for the first time in her life so she opt for the Chicken Gyro. She thought it was tasty but nothing over-the-top spectacular. My Gyro with the lamb and beef loaf paired with the aforementioned soft, warm delicious pita was the best I have ever had. As this place doesn't hold back on the feta cheese on the salad, they continue this behavior and did not skimp on the very tasty Tzatziki sauce on top. Easily, three tablespoons topped on a large gyro.In the end, we went away extremely satisfied and yet, sans bloated and weighted down feeling (a distinct advantage of this cuisine). I cannot wait to come back for the Lamb Shank and Rack of Lamb dishes.Highly recommended.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/18/2013,195,195,,4,3>I've finally found a pho place that meets my standards!! Thanks to you fabulous yelpers, I asked a friend to pick me up some shrimp pho at this cafe because of the rave reviews. Again, you all were right! The pho broth was flavorful and they didn't skimp on the shrimp, lime, sprouts or the sauces. Thanks to you my tummy is happy and my nasal passages are slightly clearer. Wishing you offered a larger size...oh well, I think I'll be back tomorrow Miss Saigon!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,5/17/2013,113,169,4,4,5>Ribs, Ribs, Ribs. Love the Up n Smoke Baby back ribs. This is our destination for baby back dry rub ribs. They are competition worthy as they gently pull away from the bone when you take a bite. The flavor is smokey but not too heavy. We usually get the Adkins rib plate as it comes with a salad and 1/2 rack. The service is always great and managements attention to your needs is always nice.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,5/16/2013,30,31,10,7,5>Four Stars! This place has been well reviewed, but I didn't know that before walking in. I just wanted to try this place since it seems always to be packed to the brim, with some people even waiting up to an hour to eat!This is a great "little secret" for the area. I ordered the Bessie's Biscuits. Two biscuits with honey glaze, with eggs, bacon and cheese. This comes with a side dish of gravy. Not knowing how this all worked, I just poured that gravy all over the place and chomped down on those mean looking biscuits! That's right, I pulled a Stone Cold Steve Austin on that breakfast! And after wards, I yelled out, "Can I get a Hell yeah!?" The elderly couple next to me was not impressed. And the server said, "How was it?" I fist bumped her and did the "star burst" with my hand & then told her it was good!This place was very close to getting a full Five-Stars. My only issue. I think the orange juice needs to be bigger than a 6oz glass, especially when it's $2.65! If that changes, I would be one VERY happy camper. The 6oz glass just seemed like a sippy cup to me. And I quit using sippy cups two years ago...
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,5/15/2013,201,579,,4,2>I really like cool ethnic grocery stores. I've been to some of the Asian ones and now some of the Mexican/ Hispanic ones. You always find something new and different and the prices are usually lower for many items. I had just picked up some tacos from a restaurant I'd never been to, and I've passed by El Ranchero before. I wanted to see what kind of spices they might have. I'm a bit of a spice nut. I always like trying something new. I got a cool fajita spice mix. Score!Fresh sweet breads, cakes, tortillas and even cactus tortilla chips. Dried hot peppers as far as the eyes can see. Tamarind, jamaica and all sorts of fresh fruits and veggies. All sorts of meat and at least five different types of crema.All I know, is that when I actually have time to wander this place. I intend to. I really want to check out the juice bar.I will be back.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,5/14/2013,99,127,3,5,3>Holy Cow this place is freaking Amazing! Cheap, filling and just great!Probably the best bbq in the area. As soon as you walk up to the window to order your meal you can smell the smokey goodness. You might have to wait a lil bit to get your food but it's worth it. They have a wide variety of bbq meats to select for a mouthwatering meal. I went with the BBQ brisket sandwich platter with candied yams and green beans. It was a great meal that had me stuffed to the gills.The sandwich was flavorful and delicious. I really enjoyed my meal sitting at the picnic table smelling the burning wood coming from the smoker, made my meal even better. My meal was filling and it was fun interacting with the owner and a guy who was buying wood there.The owner is very proud of his restaurant and it shows. The love of making the bbq shows in the meals that he makes. His bbq is a work of art and and all who appreciate bbq would understand the flavorfulness of the meats at this restaurant.If you get a chance to stop by here sometime I highly recommend it. Stop by the window or the drive through you will be really happy with what you get.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,5/13/2013,50,85,4,3,4>Will I gladly throw down a fat chunk of my paycheck to eat at Keiichi?  Hell yea I will.  I've been to Keiichi half a dozen times and have never left any other way than food-high.  The fish is flown in fresh on the regular and it's obvious.  The fish always looks and tastes freshly killed and melts in your mouth.  My favorite is the squid with himalayan pink salt and lime.  Can't beat it.  All the other squid in town can bow down.  I also highly suggest getting the sea eel sushi if available - it tastes like breakfast.  I can't qualify that statement so you'll just have to try it yourself.  It's awesome.  The presentation is simple as it should be and the service is attentive and quick.  It's important to know that if you plan on dining here, you need a reservation (and some scrill) because the dining area can seat about ten people which makes for a nice quiet atmosphere.  After eating at Keiichi I really don't want anyone else's sushi.  It's like when your mom gets you a Transfigure for Christmas instead of Transformer, it's just not the same.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,5/12/2013,5,22,,3,2>I've been coming to Farina's for a little over a year now and absolutely love the atmosphere, service, food and wine!  The $5 glasses of wine and pizzas during happy hour are great, as are their dinner entrees and salads.  Their new patio out back is an awesome addition.  Farina's ambiance provides the perfect venue to meet for girls night out, dinner w/a date/spouse, or a large group in one of their more private dining areas.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/11/2013,54,86,2,5,5>I am in love with this place.  Everything about it makes me want to come back on a continual basis, from the friendly staff, to the ocean inspired decor, to the food (which of course takes precedence over everything else).  My husband and I have had the opportunity to dine here three times now, and the first time was my birthday.  We had reservations, but since it was the opening week, it still took 15 min to get sat at our table.  We didn't mind because the bar is always our first stop anyways.  I ordered the St. Germain Cocktail which is light and refreshing, while my husband ordered a glass Macallan 18. We started with Parmesan Baked oysters recommended by our waiter, Garret (awesome service and great food recommendations!).  During dinner we had a bottle of Crocker & Starr Cab Franc. The menu changes every few days so you may never get the same thing twice.  I don't remember what types of fish I had, but each time it was fresh and prepared with a plethora of complimentary flavors.  For dessert I have had the chocolate ganache tart, which very rich and served with "booze infused berries".  Make sure you ask for extra because they are SO GOOD and I eat more of those than the actual tart!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,5/10/2013,43,90,1,3,1>Went here with with a very special guest and loved it!  We both weren't feeling wine as we had both drank too much booze the night before but I can tell you they have a HUGE Wine menuOur servers name was Ann I believe.  She was very friendly, very prompt and provided excellent service.We started with the Mussell's appetizer.  It was VERY GOOD.  I have become a Mussells fan recently and this came in a close second to the best I have had...just behind the ones my wife makes!I had the Caprese Salad.  The Mozzerella wasn't as soft as I was used to...but it had good flavor and texture.  The tomatoes were also amazing.  My guest had the Wedge Salad and I had a bite and it was yummy as well!For our entree, I had the Filet Mignon with Horseradish Cream Sauce and it was cooked to perfect medium rare.  It was delicious.  My guest had the Strip I believe and it was also out of this world.  We got Asparagus and Au Gratin Potatoes as well as sides.  The pototoes were the best Au Gratin we have both ever had.  I've never had Asparagus before so I took a shot with and it was awesome!The service was great without being overbearing.  The Manager stopped by as well to make sure everything was great and the food was amazingly good.  I would highly recommend it and would love to come back!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,5/9/2013,70,105,2,6,2>It's worth checking out the yoga hut just to see the space itself. There's a beautiful garden surrounding the buildings (a couple of which are full on oriental style) at part of the "complex" (in which besides yoga hut there is a massage studio and communal living spaces.) The garden has many little fountains, benches and animal statues. Part of the space used to be an ashram, and  the garden area completely exudes tranquility.The yoga studio itself is fairly small. I love that you can hear the sound of wind chimes outside and there are sky lights on the roof...it's a great thing to be able to see tree branches fluttering in the breeze before going into sivasana.Most of the classes at Yoga Hut are in the Iyengar tradition, with a heavy focus on achieving proper alignment. There is a great use of props, including chairs, bolsters, blocks, and straps. The props allow students of varying levels and body types to adapt the pose (or maybe you could say, adapt themselves) in order to maximize the benefit. In principle I think the use of props is fantastic and often essential, given the lifestyles we live, our bodies need some help.However I sometimes find it cumbersome to be constantly taking something out and putting it to the side, getting it out of the way for your neighbor, etc., especially since the room itself is relatively small.    Overall the vibe of most of the classes are more "workshoppy" than "flowy". Many of us including myself can benefit from this as we may be "flowing along" with bad alignment, but I do sometimes miss just doing a few sun salutations in a row without stopping to analyze each part along the way.In any case, the 3 teachers at the yoga hut are each very knowledgeable and have their own unique style. (Paula's classes are unique from many others that I have taken with a lot of emphasis on breath work and energy flow.) As a relatively small studio there are not that many class offerings, usually about 1 or 2  a day. Hopefully if people continue to go they will consider offering a heavier schedule. (I'd love to see classes at 7 or 8 a.m.!)
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,5/7/2013,14,195,,5,2>Cafe Sicilia is a neighborhood place that we return to on a frequent basis.Recently we went with good friends and thoroughly enjoyed our evening.  It is nice to be recognized by the waitstaff who seem to stay for awhile.  It's BYOB so we are able to enjoy a nice bottle of wine of our choice without adding a huge number to our dining charges.Prices are reasonable, especially for the quality of the food.  I enjoyed one of the nightly specials, a grilled chicken dish with their 'pink' sauce (a combination of red sauce and cream) served over pasta with vegetables such as mushrooms, red peppers, peas, and carrots.  So yummy!  $11.50 for the dish.  My dining companion enjoyed his chicken rollantini, served with the same sauce.  The veal with a brandy sauce and mushrooms served over ziti looked wonderful too, as did the chicken marsala.We each ordered salads or soup and our bill came to about $15 each.In the past we had them cater a birthday party and the food was terrific.  They were easy to work with, responsive and reliable, and delivery was an added bonus.  All was as we expected and more.  A positive experience!The restaurant is located in a strip center near to a laundromat, a donut shop, a gas station, and the area does not invite a casual drop in, but after hearing good things about the restaurant, we visited and are glad that we did.  It is now one of our favorites.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/6/2013,17,25,,3,3>Cafe or Diner, either way, this place is golden! It reminds me of home cooking and I sure do miss that these days. Their breakfast food is great; ranging from sausage gravy and biscuits to a kicked up plate of Amigas. You've never seen more pieces of bacon on a BLT in your life! It is HUGE! Plus the fresh cut fries you can add to the side are better than any found in a drive thru!If you still have room try a slice of their vanilla buttermilk pie! You won't regret it.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,5/5/2013,42,63,,4,1>Thursday Happy Hour 6-10pm... now go!!$4 rolls (Cali, shrimp tempura, spider, and white crunch fish). The rolls are DELICIOUS and fresh. My favorite is definitely the white crunch fish, it's very similar to Piranha's Wasabi Crusted Salmon Roll. I accidentally ordered the "Wasabi Roll" from Sushi Domo thinking it would be the same as Piranha's and it totally wasn't. It tasted pretty fresh, but since it was mostly raw - I didn't care much for it.The ambiance is nice and dark with candles - perfect for a dinner date. The service is also great.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/4/2013,257,111,7,15,9>Love this place! I go here with friends on Wednesday because they have 3lbs of crawfish for $11.99. That's basically as much as if you bought the crawfish live and had to make it yourself! Can't beat that! I always ask them to make it extra spicy and ask for extra seasoning on the side to squeeze lemons in to dip them. Also, get the hot sausage po' boy with cheese and eggs. It will change your life! It doesn't really look that special but just trust me on this one. My friend got me addicted to it and I have gotten my brother in law addicted to it! This place is also BYOB which is nice but drinks(just soda and water) and food are already cheap here anyways!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/3/2013,73,85,3,5,4>I'm cajun. I was made for soul food and southern cooking. Me and a bunch of classmates went to this Button's today for sunday brunch. I was not told there would be a buffet! Our server Cally was really good at her job! As soon as we were sat she came up and told us what was on the day's menu. I was set on getting chicken and waffles because I'd never had it before. Once she described the buffet items, I immediately changed by mind to that. On the buffet they had eggs, bacon, french toast and sausage for those who like a more traditional American breakfast. However they also had fried catfish, bbq chicken, bbq pork, jalapeno cheese grits, southern bisquits and gravy, mach and cheese and gumbo! I was sold. The catfish was just crispy enough on the outside and the inside was not too dry or overcooked. The Jalapeno cheese grits were some of the best I've ever had. I didn't care as much for the mac and cheese but probably because my brain was telling me emphatically to stop eating. They also had fruit but I went here to try this place out and I already know what that tastes like. The french toast was amazing and I never eat french toast! They also offer $1 mimosas for brunch! I plan on coming here again and trying the chicken & waffles. Right now yelp has a deal where you can buy their coupon for $20 and get $40 worth of food! Believe me its worth it. This place can be a bit pricey. The cheapest think I saw on the menu was $15. Just try not to eat too much or it will induce a food coma which is what I'm struggling with right now. Good night.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,5/2/2013,38,9,,4,1>Absolutely brilliant Italian food! There wasn't a single part of this meal that I did not LOVE! (Which is a very rare statement for picky ol' me!)We started with the focaccia bruschetta-esque appetizer which had a delicious drizzle of a basil puree atop roma tomatoes, fresh basil and mozzarella.Our house salads were dressed with a wonderfully tangy vinaigrette infused with berries. The bread was warm, fresh, and pleasantly soft for a thinner baguette.Then, the main courses....I had the lasagna and my breath was taken away! A perfect combination of sausage, sauce and the most AMAZING blend of cheeses you will ever experience. It's baked in the serving dish, so there is plenty of lightly-browned, crusty cheese around the edges. PERFECT!!!Hubs had the eggplant Parmesan and, since I couldn't manage to get him to surrender a bite, I can only assume by his raving that it was just as good as mine.Absolutely perfect Italian with great service!! GO THERE NOW! :-)
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,5/1/2013,65,195,,2,1>Great place to go for good ol' BBQ! The sausage is AMAZING, the meat on the ribs just fell of fthe bone and the brisket was cooked perfectly. Also the BBQ sauce was tasty!! I know you go to BBQ places for the meat but sometimes places forget that the sides are as important as well. This place doesn't forget -- the potato salad and coleslaw are delicious!! We will definitely head back to this spot when a BBQ craving hits! :)
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,4/30/2013,68,226,2,3,2>Best Thai in the DFW areaThis is a fantastic restaurant where all of the food is full of flavor, and it seems that everything is cooked fresh.  The presentation of the food is always nice, and the restaurant is inviting, with table clothes and a nice atmosphere.  The drawback is there is no bar, the upside is they allow you to bring wine in for your dinner and are more than happy to give you clean wine glasses and even a chiller for your bottle of wine.  Since it is BYOB, I assume you can bring beer also.  As for the food the white rice is always fluffy, and the meals are fantastic.  The drunken noodles are the house specialty, and I also always enjoy the curry dishes.  As another diner pointed out they are very careful with the spice levels, and this can be disappointing because the thai pepper can be very hot so if you like things spicy tell them you want it REALLY spicy, otherwise the heat level is usually medium...  to start try the Tom Kha Kai and get a hot pot if you have 4 people or more... the hot post is cool because they bring a bowl and light it on fire for you!  The Coconut soup is fantastic with onions, mushrooms and chicken.  It is my wife's favorite.  All the Currys are good but my favorite is the Panang Curry.  It is a special treat with your protein of choice, jalapenos, coconut paste, basil and bell peppers.  I also really like the Nom Tok, Thai Basil and the Thai House Stew.  This is a real treat having this restaurant so close to the house!  It is worth a 30 minute drive if you have to make it... enjoy!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,4/29/2013,101,52,5,6,4>Margaritas. Brisket Tacos. Margaritas. Brisket Tacos. Margaritaaaaaaaaaas. Baja's is the restaurant where a dish is so good every damn time that you feel guilty not ordering it every damn time. For me, this would be the brisket tacos. Slow cooked brisket in Negro Modelo (!!!), grilled onions, poblano peppers and jack cheese in a lightly seared flour tortilla... Hands down my favorite brisket taco in town. So much so that I have given the coldest of shoulders to the rest of their wonderful menu to honor this glorious taco.Let's get serious though... margaritas. I don't really like 'em, never make 'em at home, never order them at restaurants. Walking into baja's changes all of that because their marg is the single greatest drink concoction I've ever had. Warning: these ritas are POTENT! The beauty is how absolutely delicious the drink is; the alcoholic punch to the face is a bonus. If you want to be able to walk out of the restaurant, set your limit at 2 and at least 2 bowls of their awesome chips and salsa.Baja's is a place of great food, drinks and atmosphere. It is one of my comfort spots in DFW, somewhere I know I can relax in what I know to be great, cheap and refreshing food.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,4/28/2013,25,27,,6,1>This place left me speechless...For real.In the past, I was never too big on pho. But after having some in Austin, it began to grow on me. I was content with my Austin pho for a while...Until I came here, at least.This is easily the best pho I've had in the D/FW and Austin areas. I'd even go as far as to say it is the single best restaurant in Arlington.The broth is beyond flavorful, the noodles are perfect and the meat is plentiful. The restaurant itself, after being remodeled, is nice and spacious inside. The service is quick and the owner seems like a genuinely nice guy. He'll stop by your table and chat with you to make sure you're having a good time. Props. To top it all off, the prices aren't too high, either.This place is consistent with it's quality. It is perfection. If you're a fan of pho or not, you need to hit this place up.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,4/27/2013,103,159,,3,3>I really like this place. It's just a little more home style than the average Tex-Mex joint. The biggest differentiator to me is the homemade tortillas - corn or flour. Black bean dip with chips and salsa is awesome, Dos XX Amber is on tap, GOOD tequila is on-hand, and always the Rangers, Mavs, or Cowboys are on in the bar. This is my happy hour/game night bar of choice.As far as food, I've had plenty of the normal tex-mex options, mexican style enchiladas, fajitas, grilled bacon-wrapped shrimp, even the huge serving of flan. I've never been disappointed. Gotta get back to try a few more things! YUM!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/26/2013,152,106,,4,3>I recently have moved back to my hometown of Fort Worth after a 7 year stint in Austin. I work mostly from home and there are no coworking spaces in FW. :( Finding a coffee shop to work from has been quite a chore. Either the wifi doesn't work well, or they serve beer so it's more of a bar. But Buon Giorno is perfect for early morning work. It's quiet, with pleasant music, friendly staff, comfy chairs, and delicious eats and drinks.I enjoy the cubby hole tables so it feels like a private working environment almost. I've also been to Buon Giorno just for fun, and no work, and it's equally enjoyable. When it's nice outside, there are also a few patio tables to enjoy the sun or to pet your dog if you're on a walk.Truly a delightful place. Seek it out!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,4/25/2013,55,94,2,2,2>This outdoor Asian-BBQ Fusion is a great spot to spend the afternoon or evening. Live music, tail-gating games, full bar, huge patio...oh, and the food - incredible.  With the weather being so nice lately, there is no place I would rather sit and enjoy some BBQ.  I love to sit on the patio, order a cold one and marvel over the menu. The chef has married Texas BBQ flavors with Korean BBQ flavors for an exquisite BBQ experience. The meat is always perfectly juicy and tastily seasoned. The chips served on the side are crispy, flavorful and not greasy. The icing on the cake? A menu for dogs.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/24/2013,263,371,,6,2>I've been falling in love with this Torchy's since before it ever opened. On my home from work one day, I saw magnificent neon lighting that said "Taco." Tacos! Right across the street! Eagerly I anticipated its opening. Checked their website daily and obsessed until those hip doors opened.  Now it's on my regular Cheap Date rotation.Okay, enough about me and more about the food. I've had about 8 tacos off the menu so far, both regular and breakfast. I just enjoy a good breakfast taco in the morning, but they always remind me they have a full menu all day ("Ummmm thanks. I just want some migas, thank you"). These tacos are delicious. No complaints. They're like $3-4 each (breakfast averages about a buck cheaper) but all I need is one to fill me up. Very generous with the filling. I'm still trying out all the menu items but for me, the Brushfire is a standout winner (jerk chicken, pineapple, and Diablo sauce), but I've never been disappointed with anything. Kind of like my own after work taco adventure. We also really like their queso. It has guac and salsa verde in it. They offer a whole or a half basket of chips when you order (the price isn't any different, just FYI).The service has always been good. People keep offering to top off our chips, and if we like the salsa. The one time I tried to bus my own table, an employee said to let him do it, that he wanted a chance to show off customer service to management, "and maybe get a raise." That cracked me up. I apologized for throwing my trash out.Quick tip: That diablo sauce is actually pretty hot. Taste it before you douse your taco.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/23/2013,88,258,3,5,4>We are huuugggee fans of Peace Burger so it's been difficult to try out their sister restaurant, El Taco H because we always get distracted by the call of delicious burgers.But thank goodness we finally made it in to El Taco H! It was freaking delicious!I had scoured the menu before heading down there to figure out what I wanted. I'm vegetarian but I wasn't loving the veggie options. I noticed their Feel Good Burrito has sauteed veggies so I ordered that without the chicken and had them add in some cheese.It was just ridiculously delicious. My meat eating husband had the Super Burrito and was having a similar love affair with his burrito. The burritos are humongous - they offer a "piggy size" and I don't even know how it's physically possible to make a tortilla bigger than the ones for their regular burritos. They also have horchata, a fantastic salsa bar, and a lot of other veggie options but none with the amazing sauteed vegetables that come on the Feel Good burrito (sauteed yellow squash, zucchini, green peppers, onions, mushrooms, yummmmm).Best of all are the prices. We had two giant burritos and a gigantic horchata for $13. Hell yes.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,4/22/2013,104,99,4,4,4>Pizza is a hard thing to mess up but it is equally as hard to set yourself above the vastness that is status quo pie landscape. Does Bosses do that at all? In short, absolutely.Food: The toppings seem more fresh and it has as much cheese as a TRU TV reality series. They don't skimp on anything either so they are zero shortcuts taken with their product which is difficult to find. This area is full of Mom & Pop businesses but this is one of the few that goes above and beyond quality and value. Service: I have had a mixed bag here; once it came out within 10 minutes another time it teetered on 35 minutes. Even on the long side I was okay with waiting because I know what was coming and I'll wait for quality, and you could keep busy by watching sports or hitting the OG arcade games. The staff was generally young but very good and the Boss himself was always there to check up on us. The main downside about Bosses is the fact that they have limited themselves by not delivering (yet). I would shell out more and more often if I could have this delivered to my door, but they don't have that and I feel that would make them flourish even more. Atmosphere: Basic but clean. Sports memorabilia displayed around and everything was spaced well. Like I said previously, the old school arcade is a nice touch to give the 90's pizzeria feel which gives a bit of nostalgia. I would have liked to see the a bit more clean organization of the condiments and utensils but that is the only negative thing I could say.Overall: If you are looking for high end luxury pizzerias that seem to be so en vogue, this isn't for you. There is no other place around that handles no-frills, quality pizza like Bosses does. Get some delivery going and I'll add another star and probably 10lbs.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,4/21/2013,662,212,6,10,6>So.. Cupcakes.. Kinda like my Kryptonite.. Sitting there all conveniently portable and perfect in proportions.. I am very picky with my cupcakes as they are very easily over cooked and dry out. Kristen has it down. I stopped in on my way to yoga (Internal- I'm gonna kill this workout tonight.. Oh Snap! Is that a new cupcake place??!?!?!)I try to keep little family owned/run businesses in my radar as they usually will go above and beyond to please. Kristen is one of those girls.First of all I love that they have bite size samples of a featured cupcake available so you can taste it before you commit to a flavor. My first sample was the Strawberry Lemonade and it was amazing! The cake was moist and the frosting was whipped to heavenly perfection. I immediately tried to figure out an excuse to purchase some of them for work and I did. I ended up calling Kristen asking how much time in advance she needed to make me 30 dozen- and she dropped the phone. She was thrilled and offered to make me a wide variety of flavors so we could try them all. When i arrived to pick them up, she had them boxed, bagged and ready to go. All her nieces and nephews ran out of the back to help me load them up and I was off. I have been back multiple times to place bulk orders and Kristen always makes sure I am completely satisfied with the products.Favorites you must try- Maple Bacon (any chick that puts bacon on a cupcake is cool in my book) Hot fudge sundae, Diva (white cake with fresh strawberries and strawberry icing) Banana Pudding, Rocky Road, and Maple Walnut.. They do run out pretty quickly so call ahead and they will hold some for you.I'm still trying to figure out another reason to have a cupcake party at work..
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,4/20/2013,107,119,,3,3>I get an early breakfast here with a good friend about every other week.  I haven't had a bad experience yet.When I walk in, I am always greeted with a pleasant smile.  I haven't had to wait, ever.  My past few visits I have been ordering from the more healthy side of the menu.  Egg whites, grits or oatmeal, and fruit.  The egg whites definitely don't taste like egg-whites-from-a-jug, the oatmeal is great (I just add a touch of brown sugar), and the fruit always tastes fresh.  I like that they are keeping up with technology.  Food orders are taken on an iPod touch and sent directly to the kitchen from there.  You check out IHOP style by bringing your receipt to the greeter's counter.  They have 2 iPads on swivel mounts that you use to add a tip and sign your name (with your finger).  You can have the receipt printed, or emailed to you.  Very tech savvy. This place offers a quick breakfast or lunch, and is always delicious.  I will be coming back time and time again.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,4/19/2013,71,86,,5,3>This is probably my most frequented restaurant.  Molcahetes is a fusion between tex-mex and authentic mexican food with a tortilla machine perpetually churning out freshley made tortillas right before your eyes.  Personally, I feel their tortillas are reason enough to allure people to give this place a try.  Always fresh and warm, if not, they will gladly get you some made minutes ago!!Only one thing will bring me back to a mexican restaurant..........menudo.  The broth has to be made from scratch, spicy, and the hominy and tripe can't be mushy from being overcooked.  Only serving this traditional mexican dish on the weekends, I find it to be extremely consistent at Molcahetes.  Talk to the managers about how good the broth is and you will find they take pride in selecting only the best guajillo peppers the season provides.Everything on their menu will be delicious......I mean everything, but do not leave this restaurant without trying their sopapillas!!  Always so light and fresh, lightly topped with caramel and fresh whipped cream, so yummy!!!Now the drinks.  Their margaritas, frozen and the rocks, are just delicious not to mention strong.  They won't tell you how they make them since this recipe is very coveted.  Another one of my favorites are their minchiladas, which aren't as high in calories as their margaritas but just as flavorful.Their staff is superb and service is always quick.  They really know what they are doing here and are very efficient.  This place has a lot of regulars, me included, and most will notice the customers at the bar all know each other and the staff.  Come during peak hours and expect to have a wait time.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,4/18/2013,356,554,,4,6>I bought a groupon for this place and decided to check it out.  I love painting.  This location is hidden and you can easily miss your turn as it is in the back of the complex.  The staff here were really friendly and welcoming.  I was confused at first in why we didn't get our paint but noticed you have to get it yourself which is different from the other painting places I've been too.  Our instructor was very patient with us and helped you if you needed it (LIKE ME!).  She was laid back and made the class laugh a few times with her jokes.  She took her time in explaining the process instead of rushing it.  I did not feel stressed out here like other painting locations I've been too.  Came here with a few friend and we really enjoyed it.  Can't wait to paint more at this location!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/17/2013,135,233,1,6,3>delicious and high-quality coffee. and such a cool place.What also makes it especially nice is that, if you want recommendations because you're not super knowledgeable about coffee, the baristas are super helpful and totally not snobbish or put-off by your lack of knowledge of coffee (like a person such as myself).They have great coffee that they roast on-site, that way it's sold super fresh. Many of the times they'll sell it (in airtight jars) just one day after they're roasted. When you brew it at home, you can definitely tell the freshness.By the way, given how fresh, subtle, and complex their coffee is, if you brew at home I would recommend you getting good coffee making equipment--that way, taste-wise you get the most out of what you spend on the coffee itself.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/16/2013,268,77,1,8,3>This may be American breakfast heaven!  Ginger Brown's should be a tradition for everyone - families, single peeps,  friends (lots of friend groups here today), business associates, daters and students!! Did I mention free WiFi and bottomless coffee in the perfect coffee mug?This is set up like a cross between an old country store and a 50's soda shop. Very clean and homey feeling.  There are old juke boxes in each booth that play a song for a quarter.  The shelves are lined with a collection of cookie jars of every shape and size, a hallway full of real and fictional memorabilia (the owner dressed up like Princess Leia of Star Wars with cinnamon rolls on the sides of her head) and old moonshine jugs converted to iced sweat tea holders.  My meal of choice was French toast and bacon with a side biscuit and real butter.  The bacon was not skimpy and cooked to the just right amount of crispy and chewy.  The biscuit was exactly like my grandmother, who lived on a farm in the country, used to make from scratch - served fresh and hot and they just melted in your mouth.  The French toast was good but, my neighbors were having the pancakes that looked fluffy and hot and delish again with that real butter melting right into them.  Definitely trying those next time.    It would be remiss of me not to mention what this place is famous for - their cinnamon rolls!  They are made fresh each morning beginning at 2 am.  Ginger has Cinnamon Roll Happy Hour three times a day.  Buy 9, Get 9 free.  See the pictures on here for happy hour times.  There is also a free roll promo picture with details.  My local grandmother who is a bit of a cinnamon roll aficionado said these are the best cinnamon rolls she has ever had.  That's quite an endorsement.  To celebrate their 25th Anniversary the restaurant is offering a special.  You can't miss it.  On two huge American Flag posters they are proclaiming a $5 "Chicken Fried Stimulus" special.  Details also on here in the photo section.  I enjoyed seeing the quote of the day when I walked in and figured right away that this place had potential.   Attentive service from the moment you step in until the moment you leave.  Should I tell you about the homemade pies in the display case as you walk in that were just made fresh?  Well, I've posted a picture.  The picture speaks volumes of yumminess.   Definitely worth the trip to this locale.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,4/15/2013,129,254,2,4,3>HOLY NACHO MOUNTAIN!! That's what I ordered here and I was extremely satisfied. I could not finish even half of it! Their garlic shredded beef is extremely tasty and their generous dollups of sour cream and avocado complemented my tortilla chips, shredded lettuce, red cabbage, and tomatoes very well.The ordering process was extremely quick and easy and I love their romantic canopy booths.  I'd definitely recommend this place if you're on Magnolia and want something tasty to eat!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/14/2013,29,102,,3,3>Back for our 2nd visit and I'm so glad we gave them another chance. This time everything was excellent. Great service, good seating out on the patio and delicious food. We started with the Chipotle Bacon Quesadillas $15. Grilled chicken, cheese, chipotle bacon, caramelized onions - these were so good. Perfectly seasoned with a little heat, perfectly cooked (not soggy) tortillas and perfectly melty. I had the Tequila Pesto Enchiladas $19. Enchiladas STUFFED with jumbo shrimp. Just the right texture and consistency. The pesto sauce was delicious. I'm getting this again. My friend had the Chipotle Ribs $18 and devoured every bite.  We really enjoyed our meal this time around. The service issues from last year were nonexistent this time around. Cant wait to go again.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/13/2013,76,65,,3,2>Ordered delivery and Aleda's knocked it out of the park once again! Love this place! Delivery was here with TWO fresh, piping hot, custom pizzas in about 20 minutes from when I called in my order. Amazing!And that Bacon & Cheeseburger pizza...goodness, it was amazing! Almost too good-it was nearly devoured before I got a piece.I'm going to work with the other folks in our business complex to send all our pizza orders to Aledas.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,4/12/2013,30,102,,4,3>Tried this restaurant for the first time recently.  I was surprised by the modern, hip interior - kinda made me forget I was in a suburban Texas strip mall.  The house Nikko salad is a great way to start - fresh, and with a tangy ginger dressing.  The spicy tuna hand roll was one of the best I've had in this area - generous portion of tuna, spicy, tightly rolled and served upright in a stand.  Individual salmon and tuna sushi was well portioned and fresh.  Soft-shell crab rolls were crispy and nicely balanced.  Sushi chef was friendly and engaged in just the right amount of conversation.  The prices were pretty reasonable for sushi.  We'll definitely return.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,4/11/2013,66,283,2,5,2>Went in with low expectations based on some of the reviews below -- mainly regarding serving sizes/pricesLeft in good spirits.  Given that it is counter ordered and tipping is optional, have to factor that into the pricing equation.Overall, a fun place -- from the umbrella honor/paleta stand (tasty and unique at only $1) to the humor "graffitti" in the bathroom stalls...And special bonus for someone who lived in Costa Rica  -- Imperial Cerveza!  Have never seen this outside of CR before.Good flavors, fast service, low-key environment.  Me likes!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/10/2013,55,175,,7,4>Dined with Marc M and friends in Southlake on Friday night....first timer to Patrizio's, and was not sure exactly what to expect from reviews.  Overall, I was beyond impressed with the food, ambiance, elegance, and the impeccable service.  We dined on the upstairs patio (which was plenty warm from the heaters), looking in on the upstairs dining room and bar.  Food was absolutely wonderful.  Atlhough we did not try the dessert, the dinner plates were well proportioned, well presented, and delicious....A 5 star with me typically requires I ponder the meal a bit...question myself of it REALLY being a 5 star restaurant and experience....but Patrizio's Southlake was an easy review....every star was earned on Friday night....
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/9/2013,55,196,,8,5>I couldn't believe there was a good Asian restaurant in Denton that I haven't tried...even worse, I'd never even heard of Taipei Railroad Restaurant until a couple weeks ago.  We went over there last weekend and really enjoyed it.  It's a little difficult to find, but I'm sure if you use your GPS or Google Maps, you'll find it.  The restaurant has a little different vibe than the average Asian restaurant and you'll know you are about to get an authentic meal as soon as you walk through the front door.  We started with the Fried Squid Balls (.93 cents-see pics) and Taiwanese Sausage (.93 cents-see pics).  Both were good, but I really liked the sausage and would get it again.  My wife ordered the Coconut Jelly Milk Tea ($2.31), which was delicious but very strange and unlike any drink I've ever had before.  After you take a drink, you have to chew little jelly cubes in the drink.  I took the server's recommendation and ordered the Braised Fish ($7.39-see pic), which was awesome.  The fish had a sweet sauce on it and I'd definitely get it again.  My wife had the Three-Cup Chicken ($6.01-see pic), which seemed to be the most popular dish based on the previous Yelp reviews.  I actually liked the Three-Cup Chicken a little better than my fish, but my wife preferred the Braised Fish.  The server was very helpful and attentive, and he made a significant effort to overcome the language challenges.  With two appetizers, two entrees and two drinks, our total was less than $20 after tax.  Food-4 stars, Ambiance-3 stars, Service-3 stars, Value-5 stars.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/8/2013,298,874,,12,5>How is it that I have not reviewed this place? I really thought I did. I saw the movie Logan's Run (back in 1975) and later learned part of the movie was filmed here. The Active Pool was used as the way to swim down and reenter the city. For this reason, it was one of the first places I visited when I came to Fort Worth for the first time. Now that I live here, it's always on my "to do" list for Fort Worth visitors. It's easily combined with just about any visit to downtown. It's best appreciated on a nice day, but unless the weather is horrid, don't let it keep you away. On June 16, 2004. Four people (three children and one adult) drowned after one of the children fell in the pool and others tried to save her (she was 8). They were visiting from Chicago to attend a Sunday school convention.I thought for sure this tragedy was going to be the end of being able to walk down into this pool. It wasn't. The pool reopened on March 4, 2007 after the max depth at the bottom of the pool was reduced from 9 feet to 2 feet. Why they did not think of that in the first place is beyond me. The other two pools are The Aerating Pool and  The Quiet Pool. The Aerating Pool is my least favorite, but there is something appealing about The Quiet Pool. I like that it's below ground level, and unlike The Active Pool, it's whisper quiet. I also like the way that the Cypress Trees are working their way though every nook, cranny and crack in the place. Oh, and if I had a remote control boat, I'd bring it here. There is also the Mountain to climb. I figure this was a clever way to use all the dirt removed from excavating the pools. It looks cool, in a cubic sort of way. I'm a bit confused by all the "Do Not Climb" signs, as what kid (including myself) is not going to climb a mountain?Behind The Mountain is an amphitheater, but I've never seen anything happening there. Bottom line: It's good for kids of all ages, convenient to downtown Fort Worth and free.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,4/7/2013,297,590,5,11,8>I ate here during the soft opening and it was amazing. The restaurant is on the smaller side but it allows for a better view of the sushi bar and kitchen, as well as facilitating conversation with the chef as he prepares your food. There's a great party room in the back that I plan on reserving for future birthday celebrations!We started with the pork gyoza- very tasty. Slight hint of cranberry in the filling was a nice surprise. I think we tried almost every signature roll on the menu and loved them all. The one that really stands out from the rest in my mind is the ceviche roll. It is amazing. Great texture, the marinade poured over the top, lime zest and aji pepper kick come together wonderfully. The toasted corn you eat between bites is salty and delish. All of the fish was very fresh and our chef was nice enough to offer us small tastings of different things we don't normally order. The ikura was the best I have ever had. Whatever they marinate it in, I don't know, but it is unparalleled. I am so excited to have this little gem of a restaurant so close to home. I look forward to daily specials and trying whatever new fabulous creations these chefs come up with!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,4/6/2013,145,116,,4,3>Love love love freaking love The Bacon Wagon.  I mean, what is NOT to love about the most perfect food on earth?I love anything with bacon - but this is almighty goodness.  Artisan bread, fresh veggies, high quality cheese, and flavorful elements that pack a wicked punch.  That's totally what I'm talking about!I personally love the Westside... gorgonzola gets my engines revving.  The Texacon is also a treat with delicious spicy mayo and green chiles (yum yum)!They will occasionally have special goodies to add on... like bacon cupcakes?  Seriously.  Follow them on Twitter so you can stay in the know when they have a limited edition extra or special.I've missed them the last few times I've been to the Fort Worth Food Park... my hips might not though.  But me, I'm always craving bacon so I'll continue to chase The Bacon Wagon, waiting for my next fix!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,4/5/2013,127,446,,6,1>I can't think of a better way to simultaneously celebrate Texas' Western heritage, benefit youth, and enjoy a day of fun with the family. Since my family and I first visited the 2009 show after moving to the Metroplex I've wanted to get involved and I now volunteer on one of the FWSSR committees. A visit to the FWSSR offers something for everyone: A vibrant carnival midway with rides and games of skill for all ages; a petting zoo; stock barns with various animals on display raised by FFA, 4-H, and other students from all over the state; horse shows; livestock auctions; the Rodeo Roadhouse featuring live music; lots of good food & drink; vendors offering all sorts of interesting things for sale; and, of course, the world's original indoor rodeo daily.As often as I'm on the grounds I never tire of it. Come check it out!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/4/2013,105,275,,4,2>I *LOVE* this bar!  Never, ever, thought I'd be singing the words of Toby Keith... but this place did it for me!I've been here  a couple of times now - both just for a snack (The cheese fries with surprise are SO SO good) and for a meal (the Terlingua burger rocks).  They have a great selection of beer and ciders, of course, since they're part of the Meddlesome Moth-Flying Saucer family why would you expect any less?  The onion rings are not on the menu, but they make them fresh to order with Shiner Bock batter - you MUST get these.The inside of the place is pretty low key - wide open with lots of high bar-type tables (each one has a great "my side/your side" divider) and "The Pen" with smaller tables and booths.  The bar, while displaying the namesake Goat, is rather small and hidden in the corner.  The bartenders were super nice and efficient, as was our server when we ate at a table. The patio, however, really gets me excited - Long tables with a chimenea at the end of each one - a nice covered awning for the entire patio and - get this: DOGS ARE WELCOME.  Since So7 left we don't have a 'go to' patio on 7th to take the pooch.  Come on, Springtime... I'll be moving into the Goat.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,4/3/2013,47,115,5,6,6>Just pull around and come in through the back. Yeah, I can definitely see myself coming back here for more sushi and whatnot. Trying out new sushi places can almost give me hives; it's fraught with potential landmines everywhere, unusual raw fish, potentially exorbitant prices, not knowing the proper Japanese table etiquette.Sushi joints have the connotation of being slick, ultramodern, see and be seen clubs for people with money to spend, basically the human equivalent of a giant fish tank, fittingly ironic for a place dishing out raw fish.  Dallas loves these types of places.Shinjuku Station does what Fort Worth does best and that is to keep the quality but strip the artifice and get rid of the pretentiousness.  Shinjuku is still hip and trendy but welcomes all with open arms.  There are no blue neon lights anywhere or a bar made from airplane parts, just a cozy place with dim lighting.  You can still bring people here to impress, Shinjuku just makes you look like you aren't trying too hard.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,4/2/2013,243,187,,7,2>Great little taco shop located on Debbie Lane across from Fat Daddy's in the strip mall there.   This is a solo-venture (for some reason I thought it was a franchise) but hopefully they'll start expanding.    The prices were very reasonable - about 1.75 per taco, and the selection was large enough to satisfy any appetite with possibly the exception of the vegan/vegetarian crowd.      They have about 6 tables in the front, it's counter-service so you order there and they bring it out to you.  There's a small salsa-bar set up which had some delicious tasting salsas available as well as sliced jalepenos.One thing that impressed me however was the flavor-saturation and heat-level in the salsas.  They don't hold back on it.      The staff I'd ordered from and chatted with were very very friendly.   My food came out mere minutes after ordering and I was happy.   Granted they only had a couple of other orders going but impressive nonetheless.1 particular item on their menu and one that came recommended by another customer was the Habanero's Burrito (or something like that).  I  saw a lady building (for lack of a better term) one in the kitchen and it's massive.   A large tortilla filled with meat, veggies, rice and cheese I think.   The damned thing was as big as my forearm!     If I remember correctly too it was under 7 bucks.      Looks like the perfect thing for a hungry stomach.   I'll try it next time I think.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,4/1/2013,135,469,3,2,3>I love this place!  I have not seen a legit bagel shop that isn't owned by a chain in years.  I grew up on bagels from "the bagel bakery" that my grandparents z''l would magically visit to come back with large bags of bagel goodness.  I still don't know where they got them, although unless they really did have magical superpowers it was probably somewhere in LA or Ventura Country, CA.  But anyway..I literally have not seen an egg bagel other than crappy supermarket Lenders bagels since childhood.  But Iris has them.  And they are super dooper.They also have good coffee drinks.  I ordered an almond mocha yesterday and it was divine.The owners and their staff are really nice and friendly, they clearly care about their business and are happy you are there.My only regret is that I lived in Arlington two years before I ever tried them out.  *hangs head in shame*.  But my excuse is that I only really like the egg bagels and the pumpernickel bagels and I've been disappointed too many times in my life by inferior ones and was gunshy.  Please forgive me!  I will try to buy many bagels in the years ahead to make up for my shameful act of omission.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/31/2013,22,29,,14,4>Don't let Foot Massage fool you.  It's actually a FULL body massage.  You keep your clothes on.  If you have pants, you'll be asked to rolled them up.For $30 an hour, you can't find a better deal than this around this area.  There's another place I go to when I'm shopping at Super H-Mart (Carrollton)  which I'll review later that's similar but its $30 for 70 min.While your feet is soaking in warm/hot water (I usually ask for mine to be extra hot), they massage your head, neck, shoulders, and then arms.   They do put a towel over your eyes when they move to your feet and lower legs, which they spend quite a significant time on.  Massage oil is used throughout the whole process.  Your feet/legs will get wiped down with hot towels before they move on.  Afterwards, you'll be ask to flip over so they can massage your back, legs, and butt.  Yes, I did say butt and you did read that correctly.  When all's said and done, I am super relaxed.  They even offer you water or hot tea.  I've never been rush or pressure to leave after my massage since I usually just like to lay there for a little longer before having to going back out to face the world.  You will occasionally hear people coming and going, or the owner picking up calls and ushering people in.  If you're hunting for a private room with a fluffy robe, go somewhere else.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,3/27/2013,134,301,4,15,7>Wow, what a tremendous experience!  I've been to some red carpet openings before, but never quite to the level that BREWED did this evening.  Kudos to Dana, Janna, Bethany, Joel, and bartender-guy from South Carolina but accused of being from LaGrange, Ga (you know who you are, bc I was too impolite to introduce myself).  Anyway, really cool concept and amazing design.  The thought that went into this is awesome is its simplicity, and yet at the same time, beautiful in the intricacy of what all is going on...Okay, so this place has CHARACTER, buuuuuut.... its whimsically restrained...  The huge spaced out letters on the front of the building tell you where you are without being so blatent.  The back of the building is painted in off-pastel colors reminiscent of a t-shirt from Urban Outfitters... IDK, I like it.  The patio out back features several firepits and a ton of picnic tables for seating.  The tables inside are labeled with the United States, making it easy for the baristas, bartenders, and servers to find you and deliver your order.  The entire location is five or six ideas and themes, seemlessly blended from one space to another without truly noticing it.  Personal favorites are what I will affectionately refer to as the 'Colorado Room' and the picture-framed animal busts.  The 'Colorado Room' is as if a 60's yard sale exploded in a confined space, yielding brilliant results, including a Monopoly board and album covers of nostalgia.  Just check it out because there's elements everywhere: green 8-Balls, dominoes, maps, jars, and on and on.....Okay, its called BREWED, so in theme with that, the drinks are things that are brewed: Coffee, Espresso, Tea, and yes... Beer.  A natural combination, right?  I mean, the horseshoe bar is awesome, and the visual is again, seemless.  Coffee bar on front look, order counters on the right, turn another corner and its a beer tap and wine cask bar.  You never pass through a wall, just space, but it transitions is a very fung shui way.Coffee drinks were exceptional.  You can really appreciate the actual pumpkin used for the pumpkin latte and the depth of talent demonstrated by the barista on head.  Two thumbs up to you, my friend!Great beer and wine selection.  To feature from beginner to bold styles
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,3/26/2013,77,119,,4,3>I had a delightful lunch at The Zodiac. It's open from 11-3, Mon-Sat. It's adjacent to Neimen Marcus, you see it right when you walk in to the left if you're coming from the outside entrance. We went at a peak time so I'm not surprised that we had to wait. Upon being seated you're welcomed with a small cup of chicken broth and a fresh popover! Most menu items had their caloric values, which I appreciate. I had a yummy southwest chicken wrap that came with a cup of fruit and chips. The chips were made in house and really tasty too. Overall our service was subpar but I'll chalk that one up to them being busy because regardless, the staff were very gracious and professional.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,3/25/2013,332,311,2,5,2>I have only recently discovered that you can quench your thirst at a dozen different bars around this area, and then find some really good restaurants.  So after the most recent Yelp event yelp.com/biz/gold-party-, David P suggested we hit up J&J.I must say that upon walking up to place, I immediately recognized the distinctive shape of a Taco Bell.  It's not that I am an ambiance snob, but I probably not going to recommend this place for first dates, business dinners or family celebrations.  However, the servers were friendly and directed us to one of the picnic tables out in front where we could watch and hear the traffic go by on University Ave.We came for oysters, so we started with a dozen raw.  I know Oysters can be hit or miss, especially depending on the time of year and where they are coming from.  As I sit here and write this review the next day, my mouth is watering thinking of how good these were.  If there was such a thing as a sixth Yelp star, this place would get it based on the fresh Oysters.  They were big, slightly briny and sweet.  Not sure where they came from, but I am guessing the Gulf.Since we came for the Oysters, we next had the Oysters Laredo - something similar to Oysters Rockefeller (also on the menu) but with a variation on the filling (I think it was bacon and peppers under the Parmesan cheese).  It doesn't matter - just order them and thank me afterwards.I didn't give J&J five stars because of the fish tacos.  Both David P and I thought the catfish tasted swampy,  When the server noted that we had not eaten even one of the four tacos, she was happy enough to take them off our bill. Overall, this place definitely has some kitsch.  I will/would go back.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,3/24/2013,60,154,,11,3>Just opened a month ago, the Bowllery, in my opinion, opened with style - an interesting, fresh and healthy Asian-Fusion style.  The menu here is quite refreshing and clever. I saw lots of use of fresh vegetables (beet, carrot, kale, chickpea, etc) in a harmonious way both visually and gastronomically. It is also very important, to me, to find out that nothing I have tried were oily, overly sweet or salty, which is consistent with its healthier menu style.So far, I had the Masala beef stew Sangha bowls with white rice, and two Yogi soba noodle bowls: Mega-k, and Souper with grilled tofu. All were good enough for me to return. My favorite was the Mega-k, a cold soba noodle salad with lots of spiralized beet, carrot, steamed kale, crons and chickpeas in orange ginger balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I am looking forward to eat lots of Mega-k Yogi bowls next summer. I did notice the price tag here is not necessary the obvious bargain to some, especially if you choose to add proteins (tofu, egg or meat) to some of the dishes. However, we all knew that fresh vegetables and ingredients ain't cheap to buy. There are plenty of cheap options to eat around UNT campus, but there ain't enough healthy options available in comparison. I can see improvements could be made here and there, as many newly opened places do. However, as usual, I would love to give any new Denton establishments a change to improve and thrive, especially a place like the Bowllery that offers good and healthy dining options.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,3/23/2013,331,537,,4,3>Let me preface by saying indian is my favorite cuisine. Just in the dfw area I've tried: taj mahal, taj express, chaat cafe, pasand, taste of india, clay pit, india palace, saffron house, roti grill, cosmic cafe, kalachandjis, and I'm sure a few others I can't think of at the moment....point is...after trying all these restaurants...I can definitely tell the good ones from the bad and Tandoor is the BEST there is in this area hands down.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/22/2013,16,68,4,6,3>Everyone knows that Irving is the Indian food capital of DFW.  So what is this little shack doing here, in my neck of the woods?  I am thankful for it, though.  So thankful.I went there yesterday at yelp's suggestion.  It was boppin' as all hell.  The parking lot and the gas things were all completely filled.  The little dining room was completely filled.  This was at around 1:00.  I ordered two potato samosas, naan, and chicken biryani, all for around $8.  So far, so good.  Then it took like, thirty minutes to get my goddamn order.  Not good.  And then, they almost gave me the wrong one.So on the way home, I was thinking that this better be some of the best damn food I ever had.  And you know what?  It pretty much was.The samosas were great.  Good texture, amazing flavor.  Could've done without the peas in it.  I think Namaste's is just a little bit better.  The biryani though?  Holy shit.  Huge amount, just the right amount of spice, and stupid, stupid good.  Every grain of rice is wrapped in all this moist, complex flavor.  On weekdays, there's a deal going on where you can get all that for $2.99 between 11 AM - 3 PM.  Even if you don't go within that allotted time, it's like, $4.59.  I'm eating the leftovers now and you know what?  They're just as good.  The naan is wonderful.  It is all so good.I will go back and I will gladly wait as long as I must.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,3/21/2013,103,100,6,5,6>While my history here in the Fort doesn't go back decades, I can remember well when the selections of places to go in this town seemed to be pretty much limited to dive bars, Irish pubs, and glorified dive bars -- and that includes West 7th before the onslaught of parking garages and towing enforcement and martini bowling alleys with dress codes and fancy pizza places with a perpetual hour and a half wait for a table.So with the re-imagining of West 7th that's gone down over the last few years, it's nice to see a few mainstays remain in the area, if not by name, certainly by style and substance. It's small, it's poorly lit, it's friendly, it's pieced together in the most haphazardly perfect of ways, it employs all your favorite bartenders from all the places you used to love.So picture a combination of the Chat Room and The Usual -- cheap beer if you want that, but decent cocktails if you want that, friendly folks, and a cozy absence of pretense no matter when you happen to wander in. Bonus points for Minotaurs. Because Minotaurs.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2012,3/20/2013,1341,757,4,9,5>After trying a plethora of items here at Glazed with Paul H., I think I am able to assess this place thoroughly.I started out with the Bourdain kolache. It was really rich and surprisingly bland. It was like a sausage roll but made with rice instead of sausage. The texture threw me off. I then followed it with the sausage,egg, and cheese croissant sandwich. The filling was good but I'm not a fan of the croissant here. It's way too dense. I prefer my croissants more light, flaky and buttery. That was the same flaw in the their chocolate and almond croissant. The croissant was very dense. The chocolate filling was rich and very pudding-like. It's good if you're expecting something more similar to a chocolate filled doughnut. The red velvet cake was very moist but it didn't taste like red velvet cake. I did like the cream cheese frosting though. It would be delicious on a good carrot cake. Please pass on the turkey pesto sandwich. You'll be a little disappointed. The roll used for the sandwich is very thick and dense.This is a great place for breakfast and brunch (although a little too sweet at times). Just don't bother here for lunch.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,3/19/2013,82,91,,2,3>HOT HOT HOTJust the temperature. Trees are there but it is just plain too hot to eat outside and they need some major fan action to make it bearable to eat thereA bit hidden behind the Target on w. 7th among some commercial buildings/housesFood selection was ok. Ate at the grilled cheese trailer in which the name of it fails to come to me right now but the flavor was pretty good but I paid for $7 for a grilled cheese sandwich on some pretty mediocre bread and not a lot of cheese.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/18/2013,74,107,2,4,3>While sitting out on the back porch of Oak St. Drafthouse, I was chatting with my friends about the change that has been happening in Denton.  We were marveling at all the amazing establishments that have been popping up around the square, and there is no better example than Oak St.  The beer selection is astounding and the bartenders really have a solid understanding of each of the 40+ beers on tap.  It's hard not to wish that I was still a college students basking in the glory of the up and coming bar scene here in Denton!Oak St. really shines on the beautiful Denton days when you can really enjoy sitting in the back area, staring at the variety of dogs that patrons regularly bring in and enjoying brews that you'd have a hard time finding anywhere else.  I am currently obsessed with a milk stout nitro (#26 I believe) that pours beautifully and goes down even smoother.  It's hard at times not to feel overwhelmed by the enormity of draft and bottled beers, but keep heart in knowing that it's hard to go wrong in your choice.  The best way to enjoy a visit to Oak St. is to be adventurous and not stick with the same old beer you're used to.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,3/17/2013,53,275,,6,3>Randy Adams tattoo and Body Piercing is a great place very clean nice people. Easy location to get in and out of. Off 820 in far east Fort Worth in Handley a little south of I 30. This is a place you will feel comfortable. Not scary like they show tattoo polars to be in the movies.If you want a idea for a tattoo check them out and don't forget the body piercing.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,3/16/2013,71,136,,11,5>This is a food Co-op, Where you pay $15 for regular or $25 for Organic, bring a big basket (think laundry basket) and pick up a ton of fruits and vegetables, TONS! I won't get into all the details of how it all works as this is just suppose to be a review, you can find all the info you need on their website and Facebook page though! For $15 dollars you get a bunch of vegetables and fruit! This is such a great value for those willing to put up with the hassles of getting up early and bringing a basket. Basically you pay online and choose if you want the regular basket or the organic and add any extras. The extras are fresh (no-junk like high fructose corn syrup) bread, Mexican packs full of peppers, boxes of oranges, and other assortments that change with every order. They try to get a lot of the produce from local sources, and it will really get you to venture outside of your food comfort zone and cook some new things. I found everything to be delicious and had a lot of fun getting baskets and talking with others about what they were going to make with certain unusual items and then posting results on their facebook page. It is really helpful in inspiring you to eat better.The only negative I had with this location was with them almost DEMANDING you sign up to volunteer. I have no issues with volunteering, but it was only my first time there and the website clearly defines all the information for volunteering. It rubbed my husband the wrong way and I've had a hard time convincing him to go back due to the experience. I did hear that someone (it wasn't me!) complained about the situation and now someone new is running the show, so from what I've heard it seems to be better now. Still minus a star for me due to it and hopefully I'll be back to try it again someday. I still recommend it to everyone though, because it is just such a great deal and such a cool thing to have right here in Fort Worth!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/15/2013,47,98,2,3,2>Gloves defines Denton dive bar in the most lovable ways. It's definitely not for everyone, but it's home to me. They're the best venue we've got in little D, attracting even big names like Boris, Torche, Red Fang, etc. that still rock that small-town show feel. The drinks are cheap and specials are great... if you spend more than $50 here you're DEFINITELY going to need to call a cab! Bartenders are always friendly and pour some healthy drinks. Ask Batey for an AMF if you're feeling dangerous.My words of warning (I don't even consider them complaints anymore because it's just what you expect here): AC rarely works in the summer; you'll smell like an ashtray for days; bathrooms are a bit rough; it's a little frightening during the day; you'll have an awesome time...from what you can still remember the next day. :)RGRS is the perfect harmony of hipster-rocker-punker-metalhead-rockabilly-­homeless, which may vary significantly based on the night you visit. Keeps the riff raff out and you can meet some of the city's musical talent and legitimately good people. If you pop your collar you'll get punched. What's not to love?!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/14/2013,119,182,,6,4>I've been coming to this location since it was called Upper House. Overall, I feel like the food quality has gone down throughout the years. I wouldn't say it's bad, but I would rather go elsewhere in the DFW region to find the same menu with better quality ingredients. When we do occasionally order food, my boyfriend orders the Pork Chop Rice and I usually get  (Beef Noodle Soup). The Kong meat isn't bad here either. I know a few of my friends also enjoy the Honey Basil Rice.The location is really small. Though you might not think so when you first walk in, during lunch or dinnertime, all the tables are filled. Taking orders to go is sometimes mandatory when the location gets uncomfortably full. If you plan to take your order to go, I recommend calling ahead of time and picking up the order immediately so you don't have to loiter around.On the other hand, come here for drinks if you're in the Arlington region. Bethany's is the only location in Arlington that will serve you bubble teas and frappes accurately. In my opinion, the next location that makes on par drinks will be in Allen. My boyfriend loves the Jasmine Milk Tea, and this is the only location for miles that will mix the drink with the right amount of Jasmine. I'm a fan of their infused green teas with rainbow jellies. I've tried nearly every drink on the menu, and though not all of them were my taste, the consistencies and concentration of flavors were on the dot.The customer service here is great. I will not elaborate more because I don't want to present a biased review since the owners are family friends. But the employees are very respectful of the customers.Originally a 3/5 for the decrease in quality of the food, but I pushed it up to 4/5 due to the drinks. There's nothing like it elsewhere in Arlington, so don't hesitate to try a drink here if you're in the area.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2012,3/13/2013,57,255,,2,3>I have been here several times ever since I was a little kid. Their pho and rice dishes are decent. The last time I ate here, I remember not getting as much meat as I would like. I will say that I am very picky with pho (especially the broth) so in my opinion, the broth here is just average. Overall, the restaurant is a good place to eat at.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,3/12/2013,5,86,,4,2>My husband and I came here because of a restaurant.com coupon. I'm so glad we did because otherwise we never would have found this place. This was some of the best Thai I've ever had at very affordable prices.  We started with the shrimp spring rolls and were impressed with the amount of shrimp rolled up in there. The mint really added a different level to this. We then shared a bowl of Tom Yum Kai, which was fantastic. I had the green curry, which was amazing. It's one of my favorite dishes and am sometimes a little disappointed when I don't get everything in there that I like (mainly Thai eggplant and green beans which not all restaurants use). This place really delivered. My husband had the pineapple curry which pleasantly surprised me with its mellowness, while still being spicy. We both like a decent level of heat so we both ordered a 6 on their 1-10 scale. I could easily have done an 8 but I do like to still taste my food before it sears off my tongue. I finished with the sweet purple rice topped with their homemade coconut ice cream. Absolute heaven! Even a simple glass of iced tea was great because it wasn't the usual watery tea you get everywhere else. This was strong and tasted fresh-brewed. We chatted with the owners and discovered that the reason their food is so fresh is because they don't own a walk-in freezer so they tend to shop every couple of days. The service was fantastic and very friendly. We don't even live very close but we can't wait to go back!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/11/2013,27,40,3,7,4>Don't listen to the old review of Zio's. Yes, they had a little bit of a rough start, but they have really hit their stride. The new management is great, the staff is AWESOME, and  they just are the perfect little neighborhood pub. You can stop by and hang out whenever, there are usually people to chat with, and the Sunday night Geeks who Drink trivia is super popular. Also, have you tried the garlic knots? You should try the garlic knots!I can't really speak for the pizza because I mostly go for beer. Great selection of micro-brews, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and can help you find new beers you didn't know you would like. As for the review mentioning that there isn't a lot of parking -- welcome to the new world. A little street like Magnolia has plenty of street parking, and if you are scared to walk around our lovely little 'hood after dark, then you haven't been by for a visit in a long time. I'm really glad Zio's figured out the right recipe. Keep up the good work!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/10/2013,73,357,,6,2>This has become literally the only restaurant we can eat locally where my husband won't get sick and it's fine with me because I enjoy my gluten-full food just as much he enjoys his gluten free! I had the regular Philly cheesesteak- it was huge! They very kindly nixed the green peppers for me and it's served with some seasoned, battered fries instead of the "chips" that come with the English food. I like both of the fries (I presume these are gluteny and the others aren't because the regular chips were served with my husband's GF burger.)  The GF burger got rave reviews from my husband; his usual GF burger go-to was Boomerjack's and he said this was much better, more homemade tasting and bigger.  This time the husband brought out some GF bread for him since he can't eat the very tasty garlic knots they bring out to the wheat-eaters among us. He also told us where they get their GF bread and how they only sell to restaurants but that if we were interested we could place an order with them so we could buy some to take home.  Seriously, these people are so nice and they make such tasty food, I REALLY hope they thrive!  They've also started doing karaoke some nights but we haven't made it *ahem* across the pond for that yet, but we want to!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,3/9/2013,111,121,2,2,2>Every now and then, you just have a craving for southern comfort food (at least I do...if you don't, you haven't been in the south/southwest for too long). So one afternoon I was in the mood for some delicious fried chicken, but I wanted to avoid the chain restaurants with their assembly-line process. I happened upon this gem on Curzon ave. Small restaurant, which looks like it has been there for quite a long time. After walking in and ordering a fried chicken dinner with mac and cheese and slaw, I was surprised when I was told that it would take 20-30 minutes (call ahead if you are taking out). Since they were cooking the chicken from scratch (ie. battering, seasoning, etc), I did not mind at all. At long last my order was called up, and I took the bag and dashed home, the smell of hot fried chicken wafting at me. Amazingly, even though it was a 20-30 min ride back home, the chicken stayed super hot...to the point where I had to wait a few minutes for it to cool. I suppose if I ate at the restaurant, the chicken would be lava-hot. Still, the chicken was perfectly juicy, and the battering was crispy and flavorful. So why, you may ask, the four stars instead of five? Well, it may have been the choices of side item, but I did not like the mac n cheese or the slaw. Next time I'll try some other sides and I'll update my review accordingly. Until then, be sure that Drew's has fantastic fried chicken which you should definitely venture into Como for.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,3/8/2013,30,31,,3,3>I would say, Yes! I am most certainly a "fan". In large part, because Kevin introduced me to this spot! (So big thanks to Kevin for that!)First, the location is a tad hidden. So unless you are very familiar with this location, which I am not, you will find the same challenges I did, after trying to punch the address into my GPS. (Note My GPS is a Magellan, but I call "her" Maggie. And...she tends to not be very helpful. Often times getting me more lost than I was before! "Keep to the left, followed by a STAY to the right!"??? Huh, wha??) In any case, once you do get in, it's a very nice, wide open area. I didn't feel closed in at all. (Some places tend to feel that way) I spotted some people with laptops out and doing some Yelping, which was reassuring that I was indeed, at the right place! I spotted the ever elusive Kevin N., the Community Liaison for Yelp in the DFW area! Since I had to go to work overnight, I was unable to par take of the "House Wine". Still, I ordered a cranberry juice (thanks to Kevin), and pulled up a chair with Kevin and a very nice lady named Rachel? Through out our conversation, I noticed the waiting staff was prompt in serving drinks, and also cleaning up after others had left! That scored high in my book already! They have plenty of TVs around to help keep you up to date on the scores of a number of games. Additionally, they have air hockey, pool and several video games along the wall! I even spotted a favorite I hadn't played in years! So if you should find yourself in the downtown Ft. Worth area, drop on down W. 7th St. and slide in for a few drinks and some fun conversations! I know I had fun!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/7/2013,113,169,3,4,3>Best fried chicken ever. Babes never let's you down; when you are craving comfort food. I like that they just focus on chicken and chicken fried steak.It reminds me of my grandmas lake house kitchen where we all sat around the table in chairs that are mismatched and life was simple.Outside you are treated to worn out chairs that look like they came off of tractors and other farm equipment. Once inside you are seated family style similar to my grandmas lake house kitchen where we all sat around the table in chairs that are mismatched and life was simple.The menu is easy chicken or chicken fried steak. You get mashed potatoes, gravy, biscuits, creamed corn (love) and salad. The sides are all you can eat; they usually bring the salad and biscuits first. Go ahead and put lots of honey and butter on the biscuits, it's worth every calorie.Each chicken dinner includes breast, leg, thigh and a wing. The chicken is so moist with a super crispy crust; it tastes like its been brined, yummy flavor. I am told the chicken is cooked in a pressure cooker. What else can I say, but amazing flavor.Every part of your experience at babes will leave you satisfied and eager to come back again. Love love babes.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,3/6/2013,474,618,4,7,4>Lili's has quickly become my favorite date spot on a night out with my husband. The room is charming and the live background music makes the ambiance even more relaxing, it was especially cozy on a cool, rainy night. The staff is so nice here and even though we weren't smart enough to make a reservation on a bustling Friday night; the hostesses, manager and bartender all went out of their way to accomodate us, and we scored a couple of seats at the bar.This was the first time I had a full meal here. I had only been for drinks and appetizers in the past. While I loved the appetizers I had on previous visits (pork dumplings, fried pickles, etc), I was super excited to dig into a filet. I started with the greek wedge salad that was divine and very large, I could have easily shared it with someone. A glass of Cotes Du Rhone accompanied my salad, and I switched to the Pinot Noir when my steak arrived. Both glasses of wine were great, but I have to say the Pinot Noir might have been my favorite. My steak was perfectly cooked at medium rare and served alongside some poplano mashers. I was too full for dessert, but told my husband after looking at the dessert menu we'd be back another time for a few of those items!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2012,3/5/2013,181,143,3,6,2>I've been many times for many reasons and each experience can be summed up overall with pretty good, yet over-priced food with mediocre service in a great location that's not too bad, but not your first choice either. Ha. That makes sense, doesn't it?  If it doesn't, continue reading... I recommend the 'build your own bruschetta' and crab cakes as appetizers.  (And as of recently, check in on Yelp and get 1/2 off an app!)  As for entrees, I have actually had a dream about the Seafood Pasta.  That pappardalle pasta marries beautifully with the sauce made of roasted tomatoes, chorizo, shrimp, crab and crawfish.  Clearly, that's my go-to dish.  If you're looking for snacky things while hanging out and drinking, go for the flatbreads and a side of the crawfish mac and cheese.  Thursday night is ladies night, meaning $1 champagne and free appetizers for groups of 4 or more unescorted ladies.  Brunch is ok, but not the greatest.  The build-your-own-bloody mary has a million options, but isn't really worth it.  Go for the $7 bottomless mimosa but don't bank on finding outstanding breakfast food.  Also, don't expect big portions, but do expect big prices.  Sometimes they're worth it, but there are so many other options around the area that you don't have to give in.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,3/3/2013,206,99,4,8,4>Not your typical Italian fare. One of the most memorable item on their menu is the calamari. It's not your typical fried, greasy, overcooked kind. This one is sauteed and incredibly tender and quite possibly the best calamari I've ever eaten. The location is very cozy and romantic as well. It's also BYOB!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2012,3/2/2013,23,70,,8,1>We were delighted to hear of a new pub nearby.  We have tried it twice.  The first visit was during lunch on a Saturday.  The food was fresh and tasty pub grub.  The clam chowder was thick and generously garnished with bacon.  The bangers and mash were quite good as were the fish and chips.  It appears they use cod fish, which may not be your favorite, but very tasty batter. The second visit was on a Saturday night with friends for some darts.  The evening cooks sent out food that was not comparable to the previous visit.  The chowder was not garnished with bacon and there wasn't the same attention to detail.  People who like the Irish pub experience, probably judge a place by their Guinness.  I am one of those people.  There is a proper way to pour and serve a Guinness and the night crew missed the mark repeatedly.  We were served Guinness in a variety of glasses, mugs, etc and then served soda in a Guinness glass.  I posted photos.  This issue could be easily resolved with some training.  The lines are new and the Guinness itself was fresh tasting.  The pour and glass do affect the taste.   The dart boards are good, though they could use a couple spot lights to make it easier to see the numbers. During busy times, it does get quite smokey inside.  Even a little too smokey for the smokers in our party.  I offer this feedback on some minor tweaks and I will try it again.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/28/2013,81,320,,6,3>The staff are super friendly - the waitresses came over on separate occasions to compliment my friend and I on our kids and chat about their kids. It's a small town diner feel and we felt very welcome here.I got the Corner Burger (their signature burger). I don't remember everything on it, but there were jalapenos and grilled mushrooms. It was delicious! The flavors worked really well together and I was extremely pleased. The "side salad" was just iceburg lettuce with some [flavorful] croutons. A bit lacking, but I guess that's what I get when I order a salad with a burger. Next time I'll try another side.The decor wasn't great, but who goes to a cafe to stare at the walls? Certainly not this girl!I will definitely be back! I really hope this place sticks around since the location hasn't been able to hold restaurants very well in the past.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/27/2013,52,91,,7,4>I happened to stop by the place one Thursday afternoon. When I came in, I was greeted by two women who worked on my pedi and mani at the same time.  It was probably around 11:30.  Well, that was the best time to come in because at noon, quite a few people came in during their lunch break to get their nails done. I could see why. I enjoyed my experience. The women were very nice and kept up a good conversation. The location was spacious and clean.  The massage chairs were new and the nail polish selection was great.  I had a gel manicure and spa pedi and they both lasted a while.It wasn't the best I'd ever had but I would definitely put it in the top experiences I've had at local nail shops.  Visit this place and you shouldn't be disappointed!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/26/2013,21,86,,4,2>Every year, for my birthday, my parents ask where I'd like to have dinner - their treat. Until last year, the choice was generally pretty good (often The Keg). But because of last year's disappointment (Ellerbe's - what a let-down; and twice over!), I was worried that I'd pick another loser, wasting our time and their generosity.Boy, did I get lucky with The Tavern! I'm past this location off Hulen all the time, and I always forget to check it out. I happened upon it through Yelp and I couldn't be more pleased. My parents? I think they've found an alternate to Mac's, and one that is slightly less expensive.What seems like a "bar and grill" by the standard definition actually has a rather upscale menu consisting of salads, sandwiches, and entrees of an American + Mexican flavor (no, not "tex-mex"). They even throw in a little Asian influence in some options (such as what I chose: Ahi Tuna Salad). It's a fusion that seems to work well and I do hope to find another reason to return soon.We each started with a cocktail, my parents both ordering their staple: Vodka Martini, straight; and I, with my go-to when it can be accommodated: an Old Fashioned. Now, Old Fashioneds can often be overly sweet when not done by someone who (a) knows them well or (b) really cares. I mentioned jokingly to our waiter that "they can be usually too sweet". He returned with one of the most balanced Old Fashioneds that I've yet tasted. And, that's including the new trendy "prohibition-era" bars popping up. Well done!My mother ordered the Wednesday night special which was probably the best of the three meals in total: Pan Seared Scallops. Cooked to perfection and drizzled with a light and creamy sauce, the scallops encircled a salad pyramid loaded with various greens and vegetables. It was a divine choice.My father ordered the Sonoma Steak Salad, at the waiter's suggestion. He too was impressed. About 6oz. of steak (rib eye? I can't recall), cooked to order, sat aside a wonderful mix of greens and other goodies, including a deviled egg. The latter was creamy goodness. The steak itself seemed to have a lightly sweet and smoky glaze, just enough to make you go "Ooooh, that's tasty!"And, as I said earlier, I ordered the Sushi Grade Ahi Tuna Salad. Much like my father's choice, about 6oz. of Ahi tuna - cooked to order (medium-rare for me) - sat beside a mountain of greens, roasted beets, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, and goat cheese. All doused lightly in a simple vinaigrette. Mmmm.Normally, neither my father nor I order salads as entrees, but the waiter assured us they were meals to leave you full for hours to come. And, he was right: nothing left us craving food the rest of the night.However, we of course had to enjoy dessert, the day being my birthday and all! We decided to share one slice of their Key Lime Pie; it was a huge slice, easily enough for even four people to get enough of without feeling guilty. This pie... what can I say. It had to be the best Key Lime Pie I've had in my life, and I order it just about every time it's an option. They rely on the custard for the flavor, using a very interesting - almost granola-like - crust (not granola, but you'll see when you try it), and a plain whipped cream. Eaten by its parts, you'll notice the crust and cream are not sweet at all. Yet, the filling - the custard - when combined with the other elements, strikes up a delectable treat difficult to stop noshing on.And, the service... I feel terrible I didn't get his name, but our waiter was fantastic! He spent time explaining the menu and making several suggestions, none of which he was wrong about. He was attentive but not overly so; his timing was perfect. Finally, the atmosphere... The only thing I could mildly complain about was the volume of the music. It seemed we were seated below a speaker, but I couldn't tell. Just a tad too loud for my tastes, but luckily I got somewhat used to it throughout dinner.This is definitely a huge win, a place you must try when you're in the area. Note: parking sorta sucks right around the front. I recommend just going behind it and parking there, as it can be dangerous trying to navigate the narrow aisles.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,2/25/2013,73,85,,6,3>This is exactly how I always pictured a Jazz bar to look like. This place is in the Sundance Square region and it is kind of hidden. And by hidden I mean it is in a place you wouldn't think to look. Its underground. No really. Its physically underground! ...So me and a few colleagues decided "why not check out this Jazz place everyone has been talking about?" They all went before my and I arrived late. I love walking around Sundance so while looking at all the pretty lights and shiny things, I passed this place up a few times only to discover I'd went too far. When I finally noticed a small nonchalant sign with "Scat lounge" and an arrow pointing into a shady alley, I was a little skeptical. When I turned down the alley and saw the big ass neon "Scat lounge" sign pointing to a door at the other end of the alley, I felt like a moron. While walking down this alley to get to the door which turns out to be an elevator, I dare you to not picture yourself in an old 1940s Chicago gangster film! I double dare you! When I finally descended to the basement where this place was located, the door slid open and I was transported to a scene right out of a Rat Pack film. Its hard to describe the place. It was dark. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the light level. Once they did, I found the lighting to be perfect for where I was. It was dimly light with a sort of "warm light" which complimented to ambiance. The furniture was nice and comfortable. We took up a booth with a good view of the band that was playing. They were amazing! The people here seemed to really enjoy Jazz and everyone was friendly. I love this place and plan on going back as soon as able. Its a nice place and most people prefer to wear a cocktail dress or a nice shirt and tie combination. But we spied a few hipsters trolling around as well which is perfectly acceptable. I so want to give this place 5 stars!! The only problem that arose was our server. We were there for 2 and a half hours and I only saw her twice. I wanted to drink more and enjoy the scene but she seldom came back. When she did get our order, it was quite some time before she reappeared with our order. When it was time for us to leave, it took her about an hour to get us out the door. She didn't even get the checks right and I ended up paying for an extra drink because we all just wanted to leave. To be fair, there was only one bartender on that night so it wasn't completely her fault. I was a server and this happened at our place a couple of times but I made sure to let the guests know up front what was going on and swing by often to give them updates and just let them know I hadn't forgotten them. I will give the server the benefit of the doubt and assume she had a bad night. Still, I cannot wait to come back here with my friends! Service aside this place is well worth checking out!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/24/2013,107,134,1,3,6>I love this park. Ok well maybe I just have a fondness for it. Either way. I guess it was in the wee hours of the morning when I got bored, the roommate went to his room to sleep so I didn't want to make a bunch of noise to keep him up. I walked from my apartment on Glenview Drive well about a mile and a half to the QT on the corner of Glenview and 377. It was still dark when I got there, but once I came out with my doughnut in hand, I wanted coffee, but only had a dollar on me. Lame I know, right. Anywho the sun was starting to rise and thank goodness because it's a good half mile or more without a sidewalk and kinda scary, but being on foot for the most part of my life, I've learned to be fearless =)May have mentioned a couple times that I just moved here from Austin, so walking around is a good way for me to sight see.Now the park itself is just right across the street from my apartment complex. On my way back, since the sun was coming out, I was able to see the duck pond. Well I saw the ducks then I saw the pond. I was ready to go home, but I HAD to go see the ducks. I love ducks they are sooooo cute. There were big ones and little ones, White ones and black ones and brown ones I was in heaven. I also like the walking path they have there. I haven't walked the whole thing. I only went to see the ducks, I didn't know about all the other stuff there until I read the previous review. Sounds good to me. I know I'll be back.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,2/23/2013,50,113,,10,7>Finally, little D has it's very own Vietnamese restaurant!  Judging by the buzz the soft launch on 2/1 created, we've needed VB for a long time!  We arrived first, expecting a party of 10 or so to follow.  When we walked in, the first thing you notice is the outside  patio, then you quickly come into the building.  It's a small place but well lit, bright green, yellow and white add to the cheer of the place.  A TV hovers in the corner and you see the open displays for drinks, fruit smoothies and counter service.  It is a family owned restaurant and if you're quick, you can see the Aunt back in the kitchen floating around to ensure everything is being cooked just right!There was only a table of four seated when we arrived so we quickly pulled together some of the other tables and chairs.  Then, perused the menu- as if I had not been reviewing it online to find out what I would target for my first flavor adventure.  They're waiting for approval for their liquor license so BYOB for now, but we were prepared for that.  We ordered the Egg Roll Wraps, Crab Rangoon and Shrimp Spring Rolls while our party started to arrive.The egg roll wraps were great!  Little egg rolls that you wrap in a nice piece of leaf lettuce, mint, some pickled veggies and then dip generously into the fish sauce or Sriracha that is handy on the table.  I liked those a lot and ended up eating the leftover veggies that no one else wanted off the plate.  The menu says pork & shrimp Spring Rolls and we thought that might mean a combo of both but it turns out to be one or the other so you need to specify to the person helping you.  We got the shrimp Spring Rolls filled with fresh veggies, vermicelli and shrimp to dip into the wonderful peanut sauce which I've determined I can just eat with a spoon.  If you have a nut allergy, use Sriracha or ask for some soy vinaigrette.  The crab rangoon were also tasty little pockets of fried wonton wraps filled with cream cheese, chives and crab meat.  A good start to the dinner party.When the rest of the group arrived, we realized for some that this was their first experience with Vietnamese food!  Hurray!  If you're new to the cuisine, start with the chicken pho (say FUH) which comes with a side of bean sprouts, cilantro, bay leaves, a lime wedge and some jalapenos.  You're supposed to add the sides as you wish to the steaming bowl of rice noodles and chicken, then spice it up with Sriracha or sweet Hoisin sauce.  My friend loved hers!  Jason got an off the menu bowl of seafood pho and it was okay.  I tried the Lemongrass Beef Vermicelli (Bun) bowl without nuts and that was actually the first time having that dish, and there was nothing left on that plate either nor did I share.  There are vegan options for the meals as well.  they have the typical Rice (Com) plates and Bahn Mi (french bread sandwiches) then you just pick your protein (BBQ pork, chicken, shrimp, veggies) and they make it up fresh.Overall, it was a very successful Day One for VB!  The place is small and remained packed from 630pm on so be prepared to either get it to go or wait for a table.  And, yes, since it is new I expect to there will be some hiccups as VB develops and grows.  However, I'm already plotting what to get next time.  Will it be my favorite bowl of Beef Steak Pho or a bowl of the BBQ Pork Vermicelli?  Will I finally find the Bahn Mi BBQ Pork Sandwich of my dreams?  Life is too short to eat boring food so in all likelihood, I will try all of those things.  Until next time, VB, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,2/22/2013,53,93,1,7,5>Really good food with service to match. Tucked away and cozy, Saint-Emilion has certainly earned it's reputation. The dining room sparkles with conversation, the menu offers many combinations and possibilities, and then there's that fancy iPad wine list. A great touch and really quite practical when you stop to think about it.Between the four of us, we ordered from three different menus: the bistro menu, the menu classique and the menu du chef. Like I said, there are a lot of possibilities when dining at Saint-Emilion. In my opinion, the food does live up to the restaurant's Zagat rating. On Tuesday and Wednesday nights they offer a 3-course bistro menu for only $25. This is a great deal! Check out the website weekly to see what's being offered and be sure you make a reservation. The place was packed the night we dined there.Lastly, service is prompt enough. This is a meal to be savored, not plowed through.  After all, leisurely is the French way.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,2/21/2013,201,579,2,7,1>Most all of us grew up on the Blue Box macaroni and cheese. It is some of our favorite memories. Comfort food just makes you feel at home and mac and cheese was usually at the center of it. So, when a concept restaurant opens up featuring only macaroni and cheese on the menu, it triggers certain spots in your brain. I know of macaroni and cheese places in NYC and even a peanut butter and jelly place as well. But I had never been to one here in the Dallas/ Fort Worth area.First off, they couldn't have picked a better location, right on Fry Street across the street from UNT. Plenty of foot traffic, bars across the street and reasonable prices, depending on the type of mac and cheese you plan on getting. And there are many to choose from.I decided to take one of the newest experts on mac and cheese, my four year old daughter. She's become quite the aficionado when it comes to this dish. She had the Mac USA, tradional mac and cheese with panko bread crumbs on top and I had the Mac Pulled pork, which had 12 hour roast pulled pork, blue cheese crumbles and Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce. Other great options are the Mac Lobster with Maine lobster in the mix, the Mac Monte Cristo, with Black Forest ham and Smoked Gouda or the Mac French Onion with Gruyere, caramalized onions and bacon. There are over 25 different options and it took me some time to decide. You have three size skillets to choose from. The Snack((for 1), the Mac (for 1-2) or the Mac Daddy( for 3-4). The food was great. The macaroni was al dente and firm and the cheese sauce was creamy. The bread crumbs added a nice texture and for mine the pork and bbq sauce worked really well together. My daughter kept stealing pieces of pork from me, so it must have been good.I had the opportunity to even speak to the owner of this franchise, Mike. Very friendly guy and I found out MacDaddys has only been open for five weeks. So the place is still working out the kinks and adapting to the area, So, if some of these earlier reviews, were making you a bit nervous, don't worry so much it's gotten better. Both me and my daughter are picky. They have limited drinks for someone who doesn't drink soda, but they will be adding lemonade, they will be displaying local artwork, if you enjoy that sort of thing and Mike was open to suggestions on how to make the restaurant even better. I did think of one.... pertaining to the Mac Pulled Pork (which I enjoyed) 12 hour roast pork, homemade cheese sauce, so why a store bought bbq sauce on top? Why not make it yourself? Heck we are in Texas, we are one of the kings of BBQ, so it just would seem natural to have that made in-house as well.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Especially when you have both your hands full. And we went at the perfect time so it wasn't crowded, and you can't beat it when it's a beautiful evening out too. The space itself is more on the modern side with garage door windows that were open to the outside and a small patio area to eat outside if you want to. UNT and TWU banners about and the TVs were on ESPN. Overall, a great experience and we will be returning soon. Thanks Mike.Enjoy
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/20/2013,8,94,1,6,4>Maybe I don't know pho.  I'm not Vietnamese.  But I know what I like.  I had pho in Westminster California - in the heart of Little Saigon - and it was horrible.But this place rocks!  My family and I go here frequently, especially now that Pho King Way has departed Texas - what a loss.  Hey Texans - we do live in a cultural wasteland - so do what you can to support some culinary diversity by trying this place!Portions are ample.  Lot's of meat.  Everything super fresh and the place seems very clean.  I never leave a drop in my bowl - broth is first rate.  Tofu prepared just right - like I wish I could make it!Staff are friendly and there is plenty of parking.This restaurant is located on the ring road circling Grapevine Mills Mall, not too far from Dan Sushi which is very visible from Route 26 outside the mall.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,2/19/2013,82,320,2,3,2>i was hesitant to come here. i was especially hesitant to bring my mom in law here for mother's day weekend. maybe it was the location or type of food here, i wasn't sold on coming here.but i was pleasantly surprised by ALL of it. the location wasn't as snooty as i had anticipated and the food was solid. i think it was the combination of the open air dining and bbq that made it an overall great experience. i ordered the deconstructed ban mi, which was just OK. my husband and mom in law ordered the bbq ribs which were bold and tender.i should also mention that tim love was greeting diners as they walked in and chatted from table to table. i admit...i was a little star struck only because i didn't expect a celebrity chef to actually work in their own restaurant. pretty cool.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,2/18/2013,399,374,,8,4>I've been eating catfish at Catfish Sams for decades and the restaurant never lets me down. It's predictable and always good. They serve some of the best catfish in the DFW area. I love the condiment tray they bring out before the meal. The hushpuppies are wonderful. I could make a meal on them alone.The light cornmeal coating on the fish is perfect! You'll understand why they've been voted best catfish in DFW when you dine there.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/17/2013,152,106,,7,4>I've had a headache for 4 months. I've had a relentless, intractable migraine/headache for 4 months to be exact. It never goes away. I had to move to Fort Worth and live with my parents because of it. My whole life was uprooted and transformed in ways I threw a tantrum about AND my pain wouldn't stop. It was(n't) really fun, guys.I had tried acupuncture twice before at other locations before finding this community clinic. But after my FIRST session here, Pam brought my pain down from an 8 to a 2. In a migraineur's world, that is significant.In addition, I've been doing NAET allergy elimination with Pam and it has also been eye-opening and worthwhile. The other great thing about this place, besides fantastic Pam, is that it's a community clinic. Services are based on a sliding scale so that you can afford to return to bring your body back to optimal health. I can't say enough good things about this place. Services with Pam and also talking to her have helped me even cope better with the situation and how it's changed my life. I'm starting to see some really worthwhile reasons that all of this has happened to me.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,2/16/2013,34,29,,4,2>"Your friendly neighborhood bar"There is nothing extraordinary about this place to the outsider but, it's one of those bars you all ways feel comfortable at. My favorite feature is the long bar counter. Of course there are flat-screens down the whole stretch, it's a sports bar. There are plenty of tables as well. Pool and darts for those types of people. This is a good place to go if you enjoy engaging in good conversation with other patrons.And, yes, you can eat Dominoes from next door while sitting at the bar.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,2/15/2013,51,32,10,5,5>I abandoned my friends a few Saturdays ago to sneak off and eat something in the dark like the fat kid I am. We were all on 7th street which was a complete cluster cuss (TYPICAL). It was about 12:45 AM ish, I believe, and I found myself behind the Gold Standard looking at a few food truck options. Stared at the menu on the Chunky Monkey for a bit. Nothing really looked up my alley. Then I saw the King Louis BBQ Pita.Boom. Ordered. Give it to me. People were genuine and nice in the truck. Made me feel cool about myself. King Louis BBQ Pita and a Blue Gatorade in hand I walked to my car. Got in the back seat and lied in a reclined position to enjoy my late night treat. Oh my god. Super delicious. I ate the hell out of it. Even some of the paper wrap accidentally. Spilled BBQ it all over my face and shirt. Forgot to grab napkins. I didn't care.The following Monday, I decided to track this place down to see if my drunken mind had played tricks on me. Found the truck (WHICH CAN SOMETIMES BE DIFFICULT, FIGURE IT OUT CHUNKY MONKEY!). Ordered another King Louis BBQ Pita. Ate it. Immediately ordered another one.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,2/14/2013,17,109,4,13,1>It seems that one of the recent reviewers got confused and posted a review of pumpkin village under flower mound pumpkin patch. These two adjacent pumpkin patches are not to be confused. The flower mound pumpkin patch is great--you pay $5 to park and then ALL the kids activities are free. My kids had so much fun; it was well worth $5. They even offer $1 soft drinks on the honor system!Now, next door, directly to the east, is pumpkin village. STEER CLEAR of pumpkin village. We went there last year and were very unimpressed with the way it was run. One of the donkeys in their petting zoo bit my son and they did nothing about it.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/13/2013,37,48,7,8,3>Once upon a time, I needed my usual 10 wk hair cut and dye job.  So I went to my most favorite salon in all of the land.  My stylist is the Susan, she is a hair doctor of sorts.  She does killer awesome color and uses great smelling styling stuff that you can also buy.  Although you and I both know, I can't create the greatness of salon hair at home.  Wouldn't it be great to have a hair stylist on call or living with you.  You know like Oprah? Kevin is the owner and is a snappy dresser.  I mean he always has jeans better than mine.  ATMOSPHERE:It's very chic in here.  There are plenty of current magazines and hair ideas.  The tend to you like you are important, because you know you are.  They often switch stations, so I also like that.  My hairdresser is never in the same place when I arrive.  I kinda like that.  They also have excellent tunes and new tv's with videos.  PERKS:They have wine, and good conversation.  Did I mention the wine?  When you get your hair washed, they put this cooling peppermint stuff on and your head feels awesome and tingly.   They then get the hot towel and that is even more awesome.  It's like a mint for your head.  Now if you get their early, you can still have wine, but they have coffee too.  They know how to put just enough cream and sugar in.  I highly recommend this salon because it's AWESOME.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/12/2013,13,37,,6,2>Love, love, love Torchy's!  Their tacos are so great-different ingredients sort of combined in such a way to melt my heart.  They have a wide variety of tacos to choose from, including chicken, steak, fish, and veggie.  They also boast a full bar, and have one of my favorites- a skinny margarita!  The bartenders are quick and smiling.The atmosphere is flashy and cool.  Feels kind of like a fast food joint with the comforts of a traditional restaurant.  You can stay a while, sit and chat, have a drink, etc.This place is doing it right.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,2/11/2013,88,258,11,2,1>I am going to start this review with a sincere apology to Eatzi's for what I am about to advocate. I love you, I'm sorry.So you're broke, right? You know you're broke and you really should stay home, but damn! Wouldn't it be fun to go and do something? Guess what. Eatzi's is what you should go do.They have a multitude of free samples ALL THE TIME. Just today I had half a cookie, garlic bread, banana nut loaf, mac & cheese, and some basil cream cheese spread on some french bread. FOR FREE. I used to have a super classy boyfriend who kept trying to take me on dates to eat the samples at Wal-mart. I called him tacky. I was wrong. Free samples are not tacky, they are amazing. And the free samples at Eatzi's are the shit.Wait, what's that? You aren't broke?? Awesome! They have delicious salads, sandwiches, and a million delicious gourmet type things you can pay for. They have cheeses I've never heard of and couldn't describe if I tried. Multi-layered season topped? Okay, I tried. You want to go here. I promise, you do.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/10/2013,93,131,3,7,3>Two key words. ANIMAL.STYLESeriously, I cannot even imagine what Texans think of In-N-Out when they order this burger plain or not animal style. The reason why this is SO famous in California is because of the additions of the pickles, grilled onions and extra secret sauce that isn't on their normal burgers (unless requested). My husband isn't a huge fan either (he's indifferent) because he likes his burgers with just ketchup and mustard, but that's not the beauty of this burger. If you like your burgers kind of plain than you won't like this. If you are willing to try something different, try it animal style and THEN tell me what you think.If you want your fries crispy, ask them to cook it well done. I personally get my fries animal style, but that's not for everyone. For those of you just getting normal fries, add some salt! They don't really salt these fries, but it makes a WORLD of difference. That's why there are salt and pepper packets near the ketchup. Finally, a good coke is always awesome, but substitute your drink for a shake. It's DEFINITELY worth it, but if you must...you should try their pink lemonade. It's really a signature thing that all In-N-Outs have. Need something hot? They have some hot chili packets if you ask for them. Have kids? Ask them for a paper hat for the kiddos.Here's where this chain lost the star....They just aren't as efficient as MOST In-N-Out Burgers I've been to. The turn over is TERRIBLE. (Take it from a California girl who grew up on it!) Love it or hate it. To me there nothing like a big bite of a cheeseburger animal style that reminds me of home. I love it! :)
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,2/9/2013,71,105,,5,3>So glad I found this gem! Came in today as a walk in. Everyone was very professional and welcoming.  Consulted with Paul on what I wanted to have done as tribute for my sister who passed away 7 years ago. I was initially nervous since its been 13 years since my last tattoo. He made me feel completely comfortable before, during, and after. I'll definitely be back soon so he can touch up my other tat.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,2/8/2013,160,643,,5,3>I have been to several cupcakeries around DFW and this by far is the best one.Thus far I have tried:Mint Chocolate Chip, wonderful.Chocolate Bliss, wonderful.Strawberry, wonderful.This place lets the flavors be the stars and does not overload their cupcakes with sugar. You'll pay a little bit more but your cupcake experience is going to be awesome.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/5/2013,71,86,3,5,4>If you ever wanna get your dance on this is the place.  They play music that appeals to the 20 and 30 yr old crowd and almost every song has everyone dancing.  Never ever have a bad time when I come here.  I recently took my out of town guests to Capital Bar with the intention of walking around 7th street but were such a good time that didn't leave!  Almost every song they played got everyone dancing.Always have a great time here!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,2/4/2013,42,63,2,5,2>I'm so glad I live just 7 minutes away from this place. Before coming here, I thought this would be over-hyped and overpriced. Although it is more pricey, you really do get what you pay for. This review is mostly for their food court.I love their soups. The amount that you get for their largest size is a potful. The gumbo is the best anywhere, hands down. It's not salty and overdone like many places, and it's PACKED with okra, chicken, sausage, and shrimp.Their prepared foods don't look that appetizing, and I honestly wasn't expecting much when I got home. However after ~10 minutes in the oven, my apt. smelled amazing and the food was perfectly seasoned and tastes like it was just freshly cooked. Olive bar - amazing! And I don't even like olives. I seriously never eat them. There's so many different flavors and each olive is crunchy and fresh.We wanted to try their fresh baked breads and so much more, but that will have to wait until the next trip.Don't forget about dessert! My boyfriend usually doesn't care for Italian cream cakes, but we tried the cupcake and he totally fell in love with it.After hearing so much about Central Market, I'm definitely a huge fan. It's especially perfect for the cold or lazy nights when you want to just stay in. We love date nights at home now!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2012,2/3/2013,263,371,5,11,4>I personally think it's terrifying. Maybe I'm a wimp, but they really cater to every one of your deepest, darkest fears. Scared of closets? Good, there's a couple rooms full of clothes on hangers. Scared of clown? Good, there's a bunch of employees decked out in scary clown regalia honking bike horns in your ear when you least (or most) expect it. Is it medical sh** that gets you? There's a few creepy rooms with unethical medical procedures going on. The only exception is the lack of aliens, my fear factor. I didn't see any!I don't go alone. I take my boyfriend (now husband) as my protector, and another scaredy cat friend to get the adrenaline going. An animatronic dinosaur darting out of the wall gets her every time. The people running this thing try to make it cohesive but results in some weird combos like the ghostly Mayan people with the dinosaurs. I try to be brave and look at every scary humanoid object in the eye, expecting it to move. I thought I had a formula to get them to not jump out at me by looking all of  the employees in the eye and smile. Some ignored me and preyed on the teenagers behind me, while others took it as a personal challenge ("Bitch, you better not be smiling!"). There was one employee that was especially committed and was crawling along the floor. It's also pretty freaky when you can smell the chainsaws. *shudders*The rooms are creepy, some cheaply made, but they do a good job of disorienting and scaring you (me). Takes about an hour to go through the whole thing, including the maze that I don't think anyone ever makes out 'alive.' More than onc e I thought it was over and I was jubilent, only to hear heavy metal or Rihanna playing (the cue that more's to come). It gets really hot in certain places, so don't wear a sweater. There are also segments where you are forced to stop and wait on everyone else to build up behind you. I don't mind this so much; I get that they are trying to keep things organized. Plus, they had a skeleton drumline to keep us entertained. So props for that.If you are planning on going between now-Halloween, expect a wait. On weekends, expect that wait to exceed a couple hours (that extra $20 for the speed pass? Worth it if your time is worth more than that). This place is also crawling with teenagers, so you have been warned. All in all, it is a pretty costly experience ($25/ticket, $20 for the speed pass, and $10 for parking). Also, there were some air guns meant to scare you that really hurt our ears and we left with our ears still ringing. This should be the only haunted house you need. It's big, it's creepy, and it's in an old meat packing plant. If the Guinness Book of World Records don't mean sh** to you, then there's nothing more I can say.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,2/2/2013,356,554,3,7,6>Came here to celebrate my friend's graduation from her Masters.  I was aware this placed recently opened and was expecting it to be crowded which it was.  Parking was a beast finding but I got lucky.  This bar is really big.  Loved the decor.  Love the fact there are cops everywhere in this bar ;-).  We were lucky enough to find a booth on the patio where there were plenty of outdoor heaters so we weren't freezing.  Getting a drink at the bar can take a very long time.  My friend and I were waiting at the bar to get a drink and the bar tender kept overlooking us.  Even with both of us waving him down.  I know we aren't that short!  Come on now!  He was asking everyone else around us what they wanted to drink but us.  He overlooked us 4 times.  Someone next to us told us "Good Luck in getting a drink here, this bartender is really slow".  Well, he was slow but also being a jerk in not asking us what we wanted.  We moved on to the next bartender who was actually really nice and served our drinks quick.  While catching up with my girls, the DJ was spinning some great music from top 40s to old school hip hop.   Fun place to chill and catch up with friends but good luck with finding a spot to park unless you're one of the lucky ones =)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,2/1/2013,135,28,1,8,4>I go here about every week to get my dry cleaning and alterations done. The owner is very professional and knows all his customers by their first name! It sucks having to get almost every article of clothing fixed but when I pick up my clothes, they fit like a glove! This place is hassle free and it's cool that I can get a copy of my receipt sent to my phone. I love this place!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,1/31/2013,129,254,,4,3>I love some of the newer items Blue has added to their happy hour menu - spotlighting the South Pacific roll and Hawaiian roll.  I believe the Hawaiian has always been on the happy hour menu, but I still love it.  These rolls are packed with flavor and wonderful textures.  The South Pacific showcases pineapple and cream cheese as the main ingredients in the center of the roll... plus eel sauce.. .what's not to love? And the Hawaiian roll has delectable salmon, crab, mango, and tempura.. plus a wonderful mango dipping sauce that is to die for!I definitely recommend coming for Happy hour - it's super affordable and delish!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,1/30/2013,107,119,2,5,2>Not a bad first time here.  I went right at the end of the lunch shift on Sunday.  I was greeted with a smile was quickly shown the way to my table, but I turned to the sushi bar and there was no issue. The have a big tv in the corner of the bar so I could watch the Cowboys lose... I mean play.  I got a bunch of my standard sushi: unagi, masago, tuna, albacore, and yellowtail.  I wanted to try a roll too. I chose the Kirin roll, mainly because it was one of the few that was NOT based on the California Roll (which doesn't count as sushi in my opinion).  Honestly, it was a bit too big around for me (ZING!).  But the taste was there.  All of the sushi was pretty good too.  The cuts were a little large, and a few were a bit to thick.  I will be back for sure after I test out the other sushi in Sam Moon center.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,1/29/2013,29,64,,4,3>Wow! This place is awesome! I went here last night with my wife and father-in-law. They have a full walk-in humidor with a fantastic cigar selection. I don't know how many brands, but it's definitely a lot.They carry lighters, cutters, and various supplies. They have a full bar and two large flatscreen TVs (one is like 70-80 inches) inside of two large lounges for relaxing, smoking, and watching sports. I don't think it could get much better, but they said they have more good things on the way.They also offer a club membership that provides discounts on purchases and gives the member the option to rent a humidor locker. Its kind of pricey for me, but probably a benefit to big time cigar smokers.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,1/28/2013,49,59,2,2,2>I pulled in and told them I had a slow leak from a tire and needed it patched. I tossed a guy the keys and took a seat. I sat and debated for a couple of minutes whether or not to gamble on eating taco bell across the street because I was starving at the same time I was watching the news of the colorado batman shooter guy. After 5 mins, I stood up to make my move and go to taco bell (which I hadn't eaten in years) and as I stepped out the guy says he's done and it'll be 7 bones for the patch. That was quick. I didn't eat TB after all.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/27/2013,1207,563,,7,3>I took my pants here and they were hemmed perfectly! I got the magic hem where the pants are cut at the bottom then the original hem is sewed on top of the hemmed section. I also bought a dress that was 2 sizes too large. I asked the owner to alter my dress and she did it perfectly! The dress is comfortable and looks amazing.Both items only cost me less than $30. Great deal if you ask me!Thank you Lee's Cleaning & Alternations!!!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/26/2013,43,145,2,8,4>So in my quest (or crusade) to have all of North Texas' best BBQ, I finally made it to Smokey's after seeing so many good reviews here on yelp. On the way back from the airport to pick up a friend in town for the TCU-Tech game, we stopped over at Smokey's to help kick off our weekend; and when looking on to a weekend full of binge drinking and heavy caloric intake, why not begin it with good ol' BBQ?As mentioned in previous posts, the staff there is really nice and despite their best efforts, I stayed away from the pie, although it did look great. As is my strategy with every new BBQ place I try, I go for the most meats possible, just to make sure I can get a taste of everything and Smokey's definitely had a good option for my strategy: the "Cool Hand Luke" plate. Yup, you get three meats and two sides for $13.29 and the option has probably the most bad ass BBQ plate name I have seen.  OK onto the food:The Ribs: The Cool Hand Luke gave me two nice, long spare ribs to devour. These spare ribs were served full, not St. Louis cut. The succulent meat was accentuated by a very fine sweet taste from the rub. The meat came off the bone quite easily as you bit into it and I think the ribs are what Smokey's does best. I think for my next trip, I will just get all ribs! Very moderate smokiness to the ribs, that of the brisket was much more profound. The Brisket: the brisket served is the lean side, nicely sliced with a great smoke ring. A very good looking cut of meat. Not much rub on the brisket, just the very strong smoke flavor of the meat. For me, I really like a good piece of lean brisket as I think many places can get away with serving up mediocre stuff by offering the fatty side and letting the fatty flavor make up for what is really not a well cooked brisket. You cannot do that with the lean side, it will dry out quickly if something is not right. I must say though, some people do not like the lean side (like my friend) so if you are one of those, maybe request the fatty side when you order. Overall very good brisket. The Sausage: Smokey's cuts their sausage long ways then into fourths,  so you kind of have sausage spears. The taste of the sausage reminds me that of Holmes' for those of you who like to grill/smoke sausage at home and can get some at your local grocery store. Nice, unique flavor and not the run-of-the-mill stuff so many other places serve. The Sauce: the sauce itself was ketchup based so it was thick and tangy, although not too tangy. Think a milder version of KC masterpiece. Nothing too special, but good enough to complement the flavor of the meat if you are a sauce person.I also liked how they offered up their sides. Everything was open to let you choose (including fresh cut jalapenos), along with Spring Creek and Woody Creek if you have been to those, as I really hate places that limit you on your pickle intake or some crap. I really liked what they do with their bread. Instead of the server just sticking his hand in a bag full of Texas toast and plopping two slices onto your plate, Smokey's gives you essentially a burger bun (a bit smaller actually) which has been buttered and slightly toasted on the flat top. So if you wanted a sandwich, now you got one! They definitely get an "A" for effort there. And if you like beans, I think you will like these here too as there are nice chunks of brisket in them or as my friend said when he dove into his batch of beans, "there's meat in these beans!" 'Nuff said.Overall, I was quite happy with my experience at Smokey's and will definitely plan on stopping by next time I am in the East-Fort Worth area and maybe I'll even try some of that delicious pie (if I have any room left). Go forth and conquer.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/25/2013,55,196,,3,2>The newest location of this very casual chicken house is awesome. They specialize in serving wood fire rotisserie chicken and various chicken based dishes.  The chicken dishes include wood fire chicken, grilled chicken, chicken enchiladas, chicken tacos, chicken sandwiches, chicken tortilla soup and chicken salads. They also have a few desserts and a kids menu. We went there Sunday afternoon and the restaurant was packed. The staff was friendly and helpful and the line (which almost went out the door) moved surprisingly quickly. Our food also came out in about 5 minutes. The employees were all hustling around cleaning and delivering food and the place seemed organized and working very efficiently. I had the enchilada plate with rice and beans (see pic) and my wife and I shared the 1/2 chicken with sides of Mac & cheese, twice baked potatoes and corn fritters (see pics). Everything tasted fresh and delicious. My chicken enchiladas were unbelievably good and so were the twice baked potatoes. The ambiance was casual and a lot of the wall decorations consisted of newspaper write-ups they have received and menu items.  We'll definitely be back. Food-5 stars, service (it's mostly self service)-4 stars, chicken house ambiance-4 stars, value-4 stars.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,1/24/2013,59,320,1,5,2>We purchased a Groupon a few months ago for some oil changes and were so impressed by the friendliness, honesty and quality of the work at Randall's that we have made them our go-to shop for repairs. It's not the closest place to our house, but finding a mechanic you can trust is worth their weight in gold!Recently, my car started vibrating at highway speeds, so I called to make an appointment. They offered to look at it right away if I brought it in. 2 hours later, my car was as good as new. They took the time to show me what was wrong, explain how they were going to fix it, and I was very pleased with the cost.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/23/2013,66,283,,3,2>Met up with friends at the outside bench tables and went thru a few drafts and a couple of appetizers.Mellow, low key servers and the great, expected selection of brews.Premises are pretty small overall, so expect it will be crowded inside during bad weather and given tight space around bar may not be as fun.  In other words, perfect for outdoor weather or off-peak times.Southlake really doesn't have any casual drinking environments, so this is a good add.  Hope they make it!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2012,1/21/2013,662,212,4,8,5>First time here for me and my boy.. Gotta say i wasn't as impressed as i thought i would be. First i was under the impression that they had homemade tortillas.. This is a deal breaker for me as I wont eat them unless they are.. They didn't.. We both had enchiladas. I had the Verdes and he had Cheese. I was very pleased with the Salsa Verde and how generous they were with the chicken. Normally little places like this skimp on the meat but they had them jam packed full of chicken breast. The beans were flavorful and you could tell they were homemade, but the rice was dry and bland- almost like it had been reheated too many times.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,1/19/2013,127,180,1,7,4>We stopped by this weekend and got the family deal #1. Includes 1 lb of beef with 2 large sides for $20 and we also tried the banana pudding with pecans. Tasted like a pecan pie with banana, mmmm. good.The lb of beef seemed small for a whole family but I was able to make 7 sandwiches and had some left over to mix with eggs for breakfast the next day. :)The guys cooking it up have always been very friendly and genuine people.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,1/18/2013,34,293,,3,2>I had the pleasure of visiting Grimaldi's on a business lunch.  I wasn't paying the tab that day, so I can't comment on the price point, but I can say that the pizzas are pretty good.  The use of toppings is plentiful, the cheese is good and melty, and the slices are pretty large.  The salads are great, too, as I got to sample both the Caesar salad and the Mediterranean salad.  My favorite pie that we had was actually one of the create your owns, where we had jalapenos and olives added to the pepperoni pizza.  I'll go back sometime on my own dime to get the real experience, but Grimaldi's definitely has some good offerings.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,1/17/2013,55,175,2,4,3>2012 was another great show at Alliance!!!  I love the vibe, the planes, lots of families wandering around, and they keep you entertained with the show.  At $20 a carload, it also is one of the better priced entertainment events.    A great place for a Dad and Daughter afternoon....and the chololate-dipped cheesecake was off the HOOK!!!  Great times!  If you have never been, put it on your list for 2013!!!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,1/16/2013,243,187,6,8,5>Goodness gracious, where to start.Well..I popped in to the newest Smashburger location on July 4 because wifey was hongry and who am I to turn her down.  We were actually going to hit a Chipotle that's right next door but lucky for us, they were closed for the holiday, so Smashburger it was.This newest loc resides on the SE corner of FM 157 and HWY 287 in Mansfield in a new little strip built next to the IHop.   This was our first trip to SB and expected it to be pretty much like all the other new-age'y burger places popping up (5 Guys, Mooyah etc) and for the most part, it was BUT...the prices were very very reasonable, they had stuff on the menu that the others don't (fresh-cut fried jalepenos!) and the folks were very friendly.  I got the classic Smash which comes in 2 sizes - regular which if I remember correctly is a 1/4lb patty and Big smash which is 1/3 lb?.   It came with lettuce, tomato, pickle, american cheese and choice of bun (I opted for white).  The meat itself was fresh-ground which you could tell from the tendency of it wanting to fall apart but was seasoned perfectly with salt/pepper and given a nice sear on the grill.   I also had them add extra onion on it because I like close-quarter whispering with friends after meals, so they were more than happy to accommodate.For as side I got Fried Jalepeno strips and these were the capper.  Sliced length-wise and served with a dipping sauce, the flavor ranged from mild (no heat) to a slight punch.  These babies were NOT frozen that I could tell and I'd visit again simply for a basket of these.Wifey had a junior burger which was similar in size to a Jr Whopper but much much better.   She got the fries with garlic+rosemary+EVOO which were fantastic.Here's something I want to try on my next visit ....if they can take the seasoning they put on those fries and toss the jalepenos in it.......$ $$$MONEY$$$$Another bonus is the selection of iced teas - unsweetened, sweetened and passion-fruit!!    Take THAT Pepsi and shove it up your Coke!When all the carnage was said and done, I think we spent 18 bucks which isn't really bad given the quality of the food.   Sure - you could hit the local mega-burger joint and fill a feedbag with their garbage for less BUT...they don't have jalepeno strips
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,1/15/2013,298,874,1,9,7>Another amazing meal. This time the line up was:hamachi zest garlic (roll) - spicy seasoned salmon, asparagus topped with hamachi, lemon zest, roasted garlic, splash of ponzu, green onionshama chili - yellowtail sashimi with ponzu, jalepeno, cilantro, sake steamed black mussels yuzu butter (of course with steamed rice)whole fried snapper - bones and allburokkori - chinese broccoli in brown butter, garlic, usukuchibaked wild japanese mushrooms brown butter (and lemon zest)okonomiyaki "japanese pizza" pork belly, cabbage, kizame shogaFor dessert an assortment of mochi rice cakes with mango, strawberry, and vanilla ice cream filling (I don't normally like "strawberry", but this flavor was particularly good)So out of eight dishes, none disappointed. The highlight was the snapper. The first go, with the chunks of meat, presented with the whole fish, were delicious. The second go, where the bones are deep-fried again to render them more crispy and crunchy, was very Asian and very tasty. The pizza came out last, and was a good way to finish the meal. It was a heavier and richer than the prior dishes, and having this anywhere but last would have been a mistake (we did not order it last, so we thank the kitchen for this sequence). If I was going to be critical of any part of the meal, I would say the lemon zest went on a little heavy on the mushrooms. Not enough to ruin it, but enough to mask the mushrooms flavor. The mochi, not something we typically order, was a nice way to finish. It was cool and refreshing. Bottom line: The meal and service (Dee) was quite exceptional. We were not dissapointed. PS. One person at our table (of 5) had cold sake. While they knew little about sake, Dee did a good job of helping out, and the way it was served was informative and entertaining.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/14/2013,257,111,5,12,7>This place is right by where I work so I go here all the time. The pizza is ok but the spaghetti is what gets this place 5 stars! It tastes fresh and a little bit sweeter than other spaghetti dishes and it's always suuuuper cheesy when it comes out of the brick oven. I love the crunchy taste when they burn the sides a little bit and the cheesy garlic rolls that come along with it is what just kills me. Best cheesy garlic rolls I've ever had and my coworkers all agree! There are always lunch special coupons that can be printed off their page, the weird thing is that it doesn't look like a coupon and you have to present the whole webpage to them (it prints out two pages even though the specials are just on one page). I'm so glad I found this place, if you come here.. try the spaghetti!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,1/13/2013,1427,66,9,11,10>The place is very cozy and spacious with a southern comfort atmosphere and plenty of soft leather sofas and chairs.  The noise level, unlike many places like Starbucks, is reasonably quite so you can carry on a comfortable and relaxing conversation while enjoying a nice cup of your favorite coffee and a pastry. This place is just what the Fort Worth area needed and I wish some more places like this was available as they are in California.  I'll have to come back for a second time to try some of their more exotic drinks since all I had on this visit was a drip.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/25/2012,1/12/2013,27,30,3,5,3>Not to help this page sound more like the broken record that it is becoming... But I enjoyed the museum much more as a child.And I don't think it's in the same way that I enjoyed Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as a child either. The museum is actually down-brained (if that makes sense). Other reviewers have sniffed out the playground feel this place has as well. The entertainment factor highly overshadows the educational aspect. Children too young to learn anything useful will have fun messing with stuff and going wild... Kids old enough to learn may not be interested in the gimmicks.I went this past weekend to see Batman in the IMAX. Totally worth it. My girlfriend and I stayed and walked around the museum until the show on black holes started in the planetarium . We found ourselves chilling in the cafe, going outside for smokes, and sitting on benches. There are a couple of cool exhibits in there, but nothing kept us for more than ten minutes at a time.Sum up: Definitely for kids. Come for the IMAX or shows in the planetarium, but don't expect to be wowed as an adult the same as you were when you were young.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,1/11/2013,50,85,3,8,7>I found out about Game X Change from a competitor's employee.  Hunting for NES games one day I was disappointed that another local gaming store didn't stock such antiques and suggested I roll over to Game X Change.  I'm glad I did.  Now, I'm not a gamer by definition but I do love my NES and based on their overall inventory, it looks like they have a little bit of everything for every game system ever.  Not only do they have games, consoles, accessories, and every other manner of gaming goods, they also carry refurbished iProducts and various other tech thingamajigs.  My favorite thing about Game X Change other than their love for Ninentendo is their movie selection.  They have a crapload of DVDs on the cheap and always have a buy 2 get one deal going on.  Their quantity is vastly larger than that of Recycled Books however the diversity isn't quite there although I will say they have more new releases than Blockbuster whose stores are looking emptier than a Russin market mid-famine.  To sum it up, Game X Change beats the pants off of any other gaming and media store in Denton.***I would like to point out that the people complaining about their bad experiences had bad experiences because they failed to procure the proper documentation (a friggin receipt) to exchange or return merchandise. The return policy and warranty policy is expressly stated on their receipts just like other businesses which is precisely why they give them to you and why you should keep them. I have had no problems with customer service there either. The kids that work there are always pretty friendly and don't hassle me. Every time I've been rung up they've recited the return policy like mantra. All that being said, the customer who complains is not always right. Especially if they don't have their receipt.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,1/10/2013,135,469,5,4,2>The "left" half of the metroplex sure has a ton of good German food options, and Everything German stacks up well against the others.  We sampled pretty much everything we normally judge German food by -- sausages, schnitzel and most importantly side dishes.  Of the sausages, we have tried four (in order of preference) - weisswurst, knockwurst, kaiserwurst, and bierwurst.  The weisswurst was pretty much what we expect from our favorite type of sausage, and the knockwurst had a similar "mild hot-doggy" flavor.  The kaiserwurst is a smoked sausage and more greasy like a sausage you'd get at a barbeque joint.  The bierwurst I did not care for as it was very dry, possibly overcooked, so your mileage may vary.  I loved the schnitzel, the breading was perfect and the flavor good; it might have been a little on the thin side though.  They serve it about 12 different ways though I just ordered the basic, non-saucy version.  They have grilled options in addition to the fried, for those who are watching their waists.We sampled two soups over our visits - potato soup which is delectably creamy and horribly bad for you, and another soup that starts with an S that is like a goulash with meat in it and also very tasty, served with a spoonful of sour cream like a borscht would be.   I didn't care for the salad as it came with a very vinegary dressing and its contents were pretty standard.  Both my stepsons' and my lips were chapped the day we had these salads and the dressing burned our lips.The sides are all good.  The pan fried potatoes had the same yummy flavor I used to get in Germany, though I would prefer them slightly crispier in my perfect world.  The spaetzle are delicious here, loaded with butter though so not particularly healthy.  The sauerkraut is good and so is the potato salad though I have to admit preferring the pan fried potatoes and spaetzle.We haven't had dessert because portions are huge and we never had room.  They have good weeknight specials -- Tuesday was buy one entree get one half price.  They had some sort of all-you-can-eat on Weds. but I don't know the details.  Their regular menu prices are pretty standard for German food and not bad when you consider the large portions.  Two light to regular eaters could easily share a meal, but there is a sharing charge if you do that.All in all I really like it, and especially if you live on the Dallas side of the metroplex this place is much closer than the great German places in Fort Worth, and FAR, FAR, FAR better than the crappy Bavarian Grill in Plano which should be avoided like the plague unless you're just going for beer and ambiance.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2012,1/9/2013,135,233,4,6,3>$15 all-you-can-eat BBQ. First of all, I didn't know it was an all-you-can-eat BBQ place. All I heard was that it was really good, so my friends and I decided to go.That day, they had brisket, pulled pork, chicken, sausage, all the sides (beans, coleslaw, onions, pickles, jalapenos, etc.) I tried everything except for the chicken--I reasoned that you can get chicken anywhere (though theoretically you can get all of that other food anywhere too; it made sense at the time). The food was fine; I mean, i found out when I arrived that it was all-you-can-eat, so my expectations were tempered on arrival.The brisket that day was pretty dry. Messing up brisket in Texas is so not cool.Everything else was pretty solid; not amazing, but solid.The thing I liked best was the sweet tea--not so much that it was sweet tea, but more because it was dispensed out of a huge trash bin next to the fountain drinks. Such charm and whimsy; if it were anywhere else, it would have been weird and gross (yeah, i know the trash bin is clean and what not; but still...), but since it was at a BBQ joint, it was pretty cool.I just don't know if I would come back. The food was okay. It's just that I would prefer going to an ala carte BBQ place in DFW like Rudy's or Hard Eight and pay a similar price for a similarly ridiculous amount of BBQ, while being able to choose the kind of brisket I want. (Screw regular/dry brisket, I want mine's uber fatty and moist; i'm still young, my heart can take it).
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,1/8/2013,297,590,,12,4>Brynn is a AMAZING yoga teacher. She really opened my eyes to what yoga could be for me personally. Her studio is tucked above a law office on Magnolia. It's a bit difficult to find the first time! Being new to her classes I arrived early for my first visit and she was so nice. She helped me get everything I would need and find a spot. She offered modifications for poses I couldn't do during the class. It was a very low pressure environment- which is something I haven't experienced at other places. I like to go to her meditative flow classes now- it's a 75 minute class. I leave feeling so limber, relaxed and at peace! It's absolutely amazing. Occasionally I've been to a class where she plays singing bowls. It is the most calming sounds I have ever heard. It's hard to describe- a unique sound and also physical vibration that can be felt. If you are new to yoga or just looking for a new studio to try please come here! I cannot say enough good things about this place or the instructor!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,1/7/2013,44,178,,6,3>I went here for a girl's dinner. This place is very nice to take a date or even to have a rehearsal dinner. It is smaller and the way it is laid out makes it a little more intimate. They had a piano player the night we were there which was very nice. My friend told me they were owned by an Italian family that all work there, and the owners even gave us all long stemmed roses and a free after dinner drink of what I think was Frangelico. Now I can't really give the Italian food an appropriate review as I've been on a "diet" so I ordered the grilled chicken and spinach. It was fine but nothing that special. My co-diners all raved about their ravioli and carbonara though. For desert we all had the souffles. TIP: You have to order the souffles when you sit down for dinner because they take 45 minutes to make. The service was a little slow, but I don't know if it was on purpose or not, because traditionally in Italy they like a slow meal. :)We had picked out a wine and the waitress suggested something else, which ended up being a good selection.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,1/6/2013,94,224,,7,3>Some recent updates ...... Bubble tea has been consistently satisfying. No more hard chewy pearls :)Yes, they do have a simple print out menu! No more trying to figure out those Chinese characters on the board :) The San Bei Ji (Three Cup Chicken) here is awesome!!! Portions here seem to have gone down to a sensible size. No more BIG Texas portions just REGULAR American portion size. WARNING: Beef noodles really did not do it for me! The broth was pretty oily and not flavorful enough.  I'll be back here for my favorites :) So thankful for REAL Asian food in little D.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,1/5/2013,172,211,,4,3>THE spot for breakfast in Denton.  This small little country cafe has all the southern hospitality you could ever need under one roof.  The food here is a AMAZING, the staff are SUPER NICE, the decor is ADORABLE, and the crowd that frequent the business are as colorful and unque as you can imagine.  There seems to be a large number of regular customers, and the waitresses know exactly what to order the second they walk in the door.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,1/4/2013,181,265,1,5,5>Oh how cute! It's a regular mall that is outdoors. They have a ton of stores, Sephora, Michael Kors, Coach, Victoria's Secret, The Container Store, a movie theater, a hotel, a post office, a Barnes an Noble, a Cheesecake Factory, a Copelands....whew! Wear your walking shoes. This is a great idea and I'm sure people find it very convenient if they live nearby, but I just feel like this concept is doing too much...a post office and hotel? It's just too multipurpose. There's plenty of parking. Oh yeah...don't go in the middle of summer....just don't! You've been warned.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/3/2013,127,446,,3,2>My family and I departed from Terminal B at DFW Airport early Friday morning. We arrived primed for a pre-flight breakfast. I've never visited Cousin's before, but it was adjacent to our departure gate and the breakfast burritos looked outstanding, so we gave them a try.Big and generously stuffed with eggs, sausage and potatoes, my burrito was outstanding. Of course, I accepted the optional ranchero sauce over the top, which was just the right touch. My wife opted for a lighter breakfast of scrambled eggs and bacon, both of which were prepared just the way she likes them. The kids went to Starbucks - they go to Starbucks any chance they get.As for me, I now have my breakfast stop in Terminal B.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/2/2013,105,275,,3,4>I love this place!  Joe's T's is the one that everyone talks about.... until they come to Esperanza's.The breakfast menu is extensive, and every diverse.  Hubs craves their machacada con huevos (Beef jerkey + Eggs).  I like their cheese enchiladas.  We've had tortas, nachos, fajitas, salads, you name it and it's all great.Make sure and order a lime agua con frescos (basically a limeade), they are make fresh and taste great.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,1/1/2013,33,41,2,3,2>I have to say that since moving to the burbs, I have not exactly been holding my breath for great food at a restaurant. I was happily suprised by Fresco's!  As I have been with many restaurants in the area, I am disappointed that the teenage girls around here are allowed to leave the house like that, much less wear those clothes to work. Is there some store around this area that is having a massive sale on nearlynaked hillbilly reunion attire? But I'm getting off track. The food was shockingly great! and the services as well! The drinks, a little weak. I had brisket tacos which were not at all greasy and were perfectly flavored. The hubs had fajitas which were perfectly done and even the nugget enjoyed the food (her first tex-mex). We will definitely be back, but will stick to beer.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,12/30/2012,47,115,,6,4>You want to eat great at a Rangers game?  Of course you do!  That's why you come Yelp.Here's the Hit-list.  Follow this carefully.Head over to the third base area and get the Elotes from the Gordita Cart.  Consume and rub your belly with joy, then get the sausage sundae nearby.Eat it fast!  It will get cold, but the awesomeness will coat your tongue and you will marvel how you ever existed without the delightful invention.By now you will set up for the entire game, but in the later innings wander for some garlic fries that you can share among multiple people, then make your way to the Captain Morgan Club for a decent nightcap.That is the best way to see any game!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2012,12/29/2012,233,245,,4,3>It's the yellow house!  I've been to hoochies twice now and feel that this is a great addition to downtown Denton.  I think this business really has a lot of potential if they work to do so.The first time i ate here it thought it was nothing amazing, but it was good.  The second time i ate here it was quite better and i was very very pleased.  The catfish tasted fresh and the shrimp cup salad thingy was excellent.  I read Neena W. posted it was "a generous offering of a mug full of shrimps"  I couldn't agree more with that statement!  The oysters were pretty normal to me and so were the fries.The staff has always been excellent, fast and friendly.  Part of the reason why i came back was because of how much they made my experience better, seriously!  They were easy to talk with and really wanted to please me.  We should see if this keeps up after the "new" wears off.I must admit i cannot stand the inside set up, now i do understand it's a house, but i don't see myself ever eating in there, which will limit me to only good weather for outside.  The outside  is a great porch, but the tables are tiny!  I know this is a new place and they bought them on the cheap, but i wish they would invest into benches that weren't so small.  Also it would match the decor better.So this place with out a doubt has four star potential, but they need to iron out a few things.  WIth that being said you can for sure find me there again and again.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,12/28/2012,47,98,,6,1>You wouldn't necessarily know it from the outside (pretty plain in a so-so shopping strip), but this place is pretty damn nice inside! They did some serious renovation after the last chinese buffet shut down.Fantastic and fresh food for a really reasonable price. For $6.99 at lunch, you can build your own bowl. They've got a large assortment of meat/proteins (beef, chicken, shrimp, fish, turkey, sausage, tofu, etc.), a seasonings bar, a veggie line with lots to choose from, and around 10 sauces you can mix and match. You then have 3 noodle options, fried rice, or steamed rice. Delish! The chef cooks it to perfection on a big mongolian grill and your waitress/waiter delivers it to the table. All meats and vegetables always look very fresh  are are never discolored or wilted. They keep everything well stocked, too, so you have endless options. For just a buck or two more, you can do all you can eat... but I'm pretty much crawling out after just one bowl, so you'd have to have a SERIOUS appetite! I've never tried any of the other asian food they serve- too attracted to the big buffet of ingredients!The service is pretty basic- they greet you, get a drink order, deliver the food, and handle refills as necessary. Always been very courteous and attentive. I'd recommend something other then water... kind of tastes like dirt.The only warning I'd give is to allow enough time- if you're close by, you can probably fit it into a lunch hour, but may run a few minutes over. Because they cook it on the spot all from raw it can get a little backed up and take a bit longer during rush times.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,12/27/2012,74,107,6,6,3>The single biggest atrocity one can commit is living in Denton and eating at Subway.  With three NY Sub Hub locations (AVE C is the best by far!), you have no excuse not to enjoy these delicious sandwiches.  Sub Hub provides quick, reliable services and incredible prices.My favorite by far is the #6 (salami), no cheese, not toasted, everything on it.  The oil and vinegar dressing is the way to go if this is your first visit.  Another favorite is the Pizza Sub, though if you're tiny or do not have a big appetite, find someone to share it with; you have to get a whole.  If you're spending your time smelling like cheap bread and eating a stale sandwich, come to Sub Hub and enjoy what you've been missing!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,12/26/2012,68,134,4,5,4>We decided to stop here on the way home, in celebration of our 3rd wedding anniversary.  I called ahead and was assured that jeans were welcome - and I saw no one in anything more formal than that, btw.  No appetizer, as the bread was HUGE and very good.  Room temperature butter, which is always nice - hate when the butter is cold and non-pliable.  They have a crock in the center of the table w/tongs - the waitress explained that when Bob was growing up, he had some certain kind of pickles, so he brought that with him to his restaurants.  They were pretty large, very much a cucumber taste, and a little flavor, but not especially dill....hubby and I ate 1/2 a pickle between the two of us.I started with a house salad, with 1000 island dressing (not the best, not the worst, but pretty big) and hubby got the Caesar Salad with real anchovies - tasty and delish and the anchovies were whole, so I didn't have to have one!I ordered the 9oz Filet Mignon, side of Bernaise Sauce and the signature fried potatoes.  My steak was cooked perfectly, medium rare, and it came with the signature big carrot - I have NO idea why you get this, but it was tasty and uh, big!  The side of Bernaise sauce was the usual, in a little sauce boat, nothing to compare to the amazing Bernaise at Lonesome Dove - that defies description.Hubby ordered the Tomahawk, described by our waitress as the best bone-in Ribeye with a big bone - the Fred Flinstone steak.  Sure enough, she was right!  His steak came on a plate by itself and his big carrot and potatoes occupied another.  The steak was perfectly cooked to medium rare and he made it through probably half!I ordered the creamed corn, which was ALMOST (but not quite) on par with III Forks and hubby got the macaroni and cheese - it was truffled, so I didn't like it.  Don't really care for the smoky, dirty taste of truffles.I had coffee, which was very good (and refilled appropriately) and for dessert, we ordered a key lime pie to go.  Our waitress picked up the tab on the pie in honor of our 3rd anniversary.Overall, a very good dining experience.  4-star food without being stuff, overpriced or pretentious.  With a 1/2 bottle of wine, and a glass for me, the tab came to just about $200.00 before gratuity.Will try to post pictures when I can!Enjoy!lauren in FTW
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,12/25/2012,145,116,5,3,3>These cakes are like crack.  Seriously... as much as I always try to resist falling in love with a chain (albeit this one is a franchise, so much more like a local than it could be), I just can't resist Nothing Bundt Cakes.  I live two blocks away and actually try to avoid drive past it for fear my car will accidentally turn into the parking lot and I'll find myself walking out with a cake.  Thank goodness for the smaller cakes... it's a great way to overcome a craving without completely undoing my diet.  Pecan Praline, Lemon, and White Chocolate Raspberry are my favorite flavors.  I prefer the lighter icing choice just to keep the sugar to a minimum.Let them eat cake.  Let them ALL eat cake!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,12/21/2012,71,136,2,7,6>We went back and I had to update... I don't care about the neighborhood, the parking, or the weird exterior. The food is so good, so plentiful, I have to give it five stars.  We tried the Maneesh (Lebanese like pizza) and just MMMMMM'ed our way through it. Order it with Feta, and you'll know what I am saying with the first bite. Their hummus and pitas were as delicious as before, their fruit plate was huge for the price and had some very nice thick slices of papaya. My husband doesn't like cucumber much so he missed out on the cucumber yogurt salad, but that just meant more for me! Everything is so fresh, I haven't tried anything I didn't absolutely enjoy there.  There are a bunch of vegetarian items on their menu that I haven't even gotten to try yet which is a rarity, usually two visits to most places and that is the extent of their vegetarian friendly fare. Everyone is always in a good mood in there too, I ended up talking to people at two separate tables who were also mmmmm-ing over their food. We beat our old record and left with 6 takeout containers... I'm eating leftovers as I write this... mmmmmmm. I smell like garlic and I don't care. I heart you Celaborelle.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,12/20/2012,119,182,4,6,3>This place is one of the go-to places to take your out of state friends to visit. My boyfriend and I had some company visiting from Seattle and we took them here. They absolutely loved it! They kept emphasizing that they've never seen anything like this before and they enjoyed the beauty and relaxation of the water gardens. I've been going here since I was in elementary school, so I know this place is a huge attraction of DFW. I'm personally a fan of the quiet pool more than the actual waterfalls. Definitely make sure you go on a day that's not too hot, and enter all three sections of the water garden.There's not much more to emphasize about the water gardens, you just need to go here and experience it for yourself!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,12/19/2012,77,119,1,3,3>The Ginger Man is one of the very few places I will go that is "smoky". I went with a few friends and really enjoyed the casual atmosphere. It felt cozy with big leather chairs and the low lighting (I mean that in a good way). Their beer selection is extensive. I enjoyed a few Samuel Smith's, as that's my name and sometimes I can get them for free :)We also enjoyed a few rounds of darts and if it's not too cold, they have a great little patio outside with picnic tables.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/18/2012,103,100,1,11,6>BREWED - every one of those caps absolutely intended. A long awaited coffee pub -- no, coffee-snack-pub -- no, coffee-gastro-pub to round out the greatness that has become Magnolia Avenue.After getting the opportunity to finally check them out, I must say that I'm very impressed. For the better part of two years, a group of eight people have been working hard on opening the doors and getting the space ready, and for all of that, they've got a lot to be proud of.For one,  you can tell from the moment you walk in that a lot - and I mean A LOT of thought has been put into the decor, in that they want to be sure that it's a place that people feel comfortable in no matter where you find yourself throughout your experience there (think cozy coffee shop-meets-friendly neighborhood pub). There's brick on the wall that's been brought in from an old Chicago building, barn wood in one of the halls that's been found and repurposed to fit, a room that's righteously dedicated to the 1960s (if you see Roy Clark's sideburns, thank God 'n Greyhound, then tell 'em hello for me!), and an event room that is marvelous, yet completely different from the rest of the space, yet still seems to work.As for the food and drink selection, I had the sweet potato fries, a burger, the quail salad, the pumpkin spice latte, and let's just say one or two or possibly more of the carefully selected draughts, all from our great state of Texas (I wasn't there to mess around, after all!), and nothing disappointed in the least -- most notably the coffee. Seriously, try it. Service was great and prompt and really friendly.All in all, another great addition to Magnolia. Looking forward to getting to know ya, BREWED.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/17/2012,331,537,3,4,4>Mmmm mmm mmm mm MMM mmm mmm. Love the divey ambience. Loved the burger...seasoned perfectly, fresh toppings....the fries were to die for...I left a TON of used crumpled napkins and an empty burger basket. Now to go back and try their chicken fried steak, fried pickles and other goodies...Love, love.......love.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/16/2012,16,68,5,5,4>Oh my GOD somewhere that's not a STARBUCKS.  Not that there's anything inherently wrong with Starbucks, but geez and goddamn if I don't like a little variety every now and then.  The open space is great.  Really lets you breathe.  Nice seating, beautiful mural.  They got some glass windows where you can look through and see their crazy mad scientist laboratory where they do all their coffee roasting and grinding.  Surprisingly unpretentious.  The coffee itself is also phenomenal.  I tend to like coffee-flavored milk rather than "letting the bean shine through," but I did this time and was not disappointed.  The dudes at the counter were super nice and informative.  I got the New Orleans btdubs.  It was delicious and smooth and everything Folgers is not.  Also, their little cakes and Dude, Sweet chocolates?  Amazing.  You should go here.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,12/15/2012,31,111,2,5,2>OMG!  The reviews I read were not wrong.  Seriously amazing and indulgent cheese steak.  I walked in and immediately was told "I love you!  What will you have?"  I ordered the cheese steak and sweet potato fries.  You order, then sit, and pay later.  There is some craziness as the great owner/chef shouts out what is ready, questions she has ("the two orders of fries... salt & vinegar, or just salt?!")My food took maybe 5-10 minutes (not to busy on a Saturday).  The sandwich was tons of melted cheese (provolone I think), mayo, well sautéed onions, thin, tender beef on a smoothy bun.  All topped with a "sauce" that is thin and delicious.  Sadly I could only eat half!  Sweet potato fries with optional cinnamon sugar were super crisp and good.  Sweet was some of the best I have found here in Texas.  Yummy food at a super friendly local place.  I will be back!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,12/14/2012,60,126,,4,2>This place is is really neat.  It's super neat.I love what they did with this building.  It's another one of those that's been a revolving door for failing businesses.  This time it's a vintage store.The merchandise in here is incredible.  Legitimately awesome.  Furniture, jewelry, weird knick-knacks, lamps, all sorts of stuff.  And almost all of it is in great shape.It's such a great selection of things and the building has been nice redone.My main problem, and likely the major issue for the store's future, is the pricing.  You can easily blow over three hundred bucks on a wooden office chair with a cushioned cloth seat.  I mean, there's just no way I could spend the kind of money that this place requires.  And it's a real shame because their pieces are cool as shit.Hopefully there's enough market in the Arlington/Pantego/DWG area for the shop to stay in business.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,12/13/2012,53,275,,4,2>My first time at Capital Grille and I really liked them. The place is nice and casual the wait staff are very attentive the manager came by to make sure we are having a nice time. Even a wine   sommelier offered to help us make a wine selection. Everyone wants to help you here.We started with salad and soup. I got the chopped salad which I hated and sent it back not happy at all with the salad. It was a bunch of finally chopped vegetable ie.. corn, asparagus and celery not what I wanted. I never had a salad like that. Some people may like it not me . The waiter was happy to make it better for me with another order or to take it off my bill. My partner had the lobster bis soup which had a lot of lobster pieces in the soup. the soup was good. You also get a bunch of different breads to eat while waiting on you order very good .Now the steak order was delicious. All are form 40.00 to 50.00 and al a cart so you only get steak. I had fillet and lobster delicious. My partner had the porter house very large will feed 2 people easily. We got the mushroom and cream corn for sides the sides are 10 dollar each very tasty.All in all I will go back to Capital Grille. We had a good time good service and good food.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/12/2012,199,200,,4,2>This is the closest you'll get to good Vietnamese food and sushi in the Mid-Cities.While several of the dishes have been "Americanized", they still maintain the good flavors unique to Vietnamese and other Asian cuisine. By "Americanized", I mean they serve the primary entree dishes with the protein sliced for you.My only issues have been that they've served the broken rice cold to us on our last visit, and I'd prefer if they included the standard tomatoes, cucumbers and pickled carrots with the meat entrees, but to each their own...
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,12/11/2012,73,357,,2,3>Still lovin' Across the Pond fort their next level gluten free friendliness and good food overall.  We got the cheeky cheese chips to start out (since our meals didn't come with fries and their fries are really good!) but -I never thought I'd say this- there might have been too much cheese!  It was a cheese sauce and while not bad it sorta overwhelmed the yummy fries.  I got the bangers and mash which was super tasty, usually brown gravy and onions aren't something I would just gobble up but it was so tasty, perfect comfort food.  My fella tried out the GF pizza which had a very unique crust- literally the first gluten free crust we've tried that has any fluffiness on the inside, usually even good crusts are cracker thin but this had some umph to it so good job Across the Pond! It was a very jovial atmosphere on a Saturday evening, lots of families and people taking advantage of the BYOB (we never remember!)
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,12/10/2012,23,70,,3,3>It is starting to look like a store with a restaurant attached as they are adding lots of merchandise.  It's a little kookie.  The stack of magazine is a little odd too, but I guess appreciated as I saw a guy dining alone and picked one up on the way in.  I don't think I want to read a community magazine whilst I eat, but that is just me.  As for the food, I have eaten here many time with my family and there have never been any complaints at all.  My daughter lives for the Tom Ka with noodles and the nice gentleman told us when we asked for a to-go box to not be surprised when the soup disappeared because the noodles soaked it up.  He was very sweet.  I usually get the Pad Kee Mow, which is my personal favorite, but I have to be carbing it up to enjoy this treat.  The red and green curries are great.  I tired the salmon once and it was great, fresh and I took home leftovers.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,12/9/2012,27,40,2,4,3>Adorable treats in an adorable shop! I have been gobbling down Stir Crazy cakes and cupcakes from Avoca for the past 9 months, but now I love stopping by their sweet little store front. The bakery is so cute, with a handmade, wooden sign out front and a few little tables and chairs, with local art on the walls. Inside, they have an enormous case with so much variety -- from little two-bite cookie-frosting sandwiches (Adam bombs) perfect for a light bite, to cakes and cupcakes in flavors from the standard Italian Cream to a Vegan Guacamole (lime cake with Avocado frosting). Their chocolate and peanut butter cake is to-die-for! I need to go back and test out more flavors, but so far, everything has been delicious. I have even enjoyed the vegan-selection, as a non-vegan, which is impressive. My only comment is, if you aren't a vegan, you have to go for the normal cakes -- the texture of the frosting is supreme, whereas the vegan ones aren't quite as velvety. If you are a vegan, I can't imagine you are eating better baked goods anywhere in Fort Worth.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,12/8/2012,5,86,,8,4>Wow, this place has good food! My husband and I usually go to Inca's Cafe in Carrollton for our Peruvian fix, but we had to try this one as well, and now this will be added to the list of restaurants we go back to again and again. Nothing wrong with having two favorite Peruvian restaurants, is there? After we ordered we were brought some chips and a green sauce I swear is made out of crack. I can't get enough of this sauce! I also ordered a chicha morada and it is very yummy and refreshing. We started with the trio appetizer. One of the items normally on the trio wasn't available so we subbed with the wontons, which were delicious. This also came with more good sauces. One in particular was made with passion fruit and probably the same addictive ingredient that's in the green sauce. :)My husband ordered the picante mariscos, which had a nice sauce that reminded us of an Indian curry, of all things. I ordered the lomo saltado which is just good comfort food, in my opinion. I could taste a hint of the Asian influence in Peruvian food in the sauce with that dish. Soooo good!For dessert we each had two new items, both frozen and I can't remember the name of either of them. But one was made with passion fruit and the other had a flavor a lot like butterscotch. And both were fantasic. Someone earlier mentioned the service being a tad slow. Personally I think Americans are in too much of a hurry when we eat so I think places like this offer a more relaxing dining experience, especially when the service is as friendly as it is here.This place is definitely a keeper!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/7/2012,111,121,3,7,1>Ever since I moved to Texas, I have tried a variety of barbers, discount and otherwise. I've sampled the numerous chains and come away with heavily clippered hair, I've tried some very upscale locations and come away with a much lighter wallet. And yet, I did not find a barber like the one I had when I was a child, a no-nonsense, to-the-point man who knew what he was doing. After trying to book an appointment at another expensive ($39) barber unsuccessfully, I decided to try out Upscale Barbers based on the recommendations of my fellow yelpers. They were right on the money: Gary welcomed me with a smile and proceeded to give me one of the best haircuts I've ever had, with the sentence "I need this messy shagginess cleaned up" as the only direction given. During the cut, I had the chance to talk to Gary, who told me he had been in the business for over 40 years! The amazing haircut was followed by another barbershop staple that you will not get from the chains or most other salons...a hot neck shave. Yes, with a barber's straight razor and hot lather. Best of all, at $15 a cut, this place is a great bargain, and exceptional value for the money. I will definitely come here whenever I need a cut.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,12/6/2012,53,93,,6,3>I decided to give Wink another try and had a MUCH better experience the second time around.  Since I use retin-a and cannot have my brows waxed, threading is a must. I had the same threader and she was definitely more pleasant, which I appreciated. The studio is bright and clean, service is quick and efficient...on second thought, I really have to recommend Wink.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,12/5/2012,57,255,,5,2>I've only had their lunch buffet once which was decent. I mainly come here for dinner and order my beef and lamb vindaloo. Don't ask for the spiciest number because my mouth is already burning on medium (I can handle spicy food) if you can't eat spicy food. I just like how the meats are soft and their sauces are very tasteful. I also like eating naan and dipping it in the green/brown sauces that are already on the able. This is  one of my favorite local Indian food to go to.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,12/4/2012,1341,757,2,6,4>I love this place. It's clean, comfortable and very chic. I can get some work done in the morning while nibbling on their sweet donuts. I love that they carry Harney and Sons tea. Their prices are reasonable and I can't wait to spend an early morning here again.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,12/3/2012,181,143,,10,6>This update is WAYYY overdue.  I can't even remember when the ownership change happened, but when it did, things got MUCH better and my friends and I started showing up several days a week.  I'm talking about my new home away from home.  It's as close to Austin as I can get and that makes me happy.  My friends and I call it our "Cheers," where everyone knows your name.  :)  It has it all- excellent live music, awesome bartenders, a patio, great food, perfect location.  It's where you go to chill and escape the TCU crowd and just have a great time.  I don't know how to explain it other than it's just GOOD.  This is THE place to be for live music, too.  Tuesdays are rocking with Josh Weathers and Sam Anderson, Wednesdays are great for Scott Copeland (after you're done next door at Capital for the summer music series) and just about every other night they are featuring some of the best bands you'll find in Fort Worth.  I have found some of my new favorite bands by coming here on random nights looking for drinks but discovering great tunes in the process.  Typically you'd expect bar/music venue to have mediocre food, but the kitchen cranks out some pretty great dishes.  Check out their website or Facebook page for daily specials.  And I'm not talking just when you're looking for drunk munchies (but if you are, I recommend the Garage Fries).  And then let's talk about the bar staff:  I am partial to a few bartenders in particular (you know who you are), but they are all super friendly and great at what they do.  The best part is- I can show up here all dolled-up from a dinner with the girls or I can show up in a hoodie and baseball cap and it will always be comfortable.  Come as you are, grab a cold drink, make some new friends, listen to some great music.  I don't think I could want much more.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,12/2/2012,97,79,2,8,6>I had an idea in mind for a large tattoo on my left arm (goes from my shoulder to my elbow) and I wanted it to be, well, classy.I went to several tattoo shops before settling on The Salty Dog. Nick did my tattoo and rocked it. It looks like a painting on my arm. He wasn't very heavy handed, either. At least, I was concerned about my ability to withstand many hours of work. It was totally tolerable, which was good since I spent a little over 7 hours total being worked on.He didn't do an outline in black (he used color) so it looks very much like someone painted on me with acrylic paint. It is a realistic chili pepper plant with honey bees. My fiancé had John (I think?) do an outline of a bike near the crook of his arm and that turned out good as well. I've heard straight lines can be difficult for inexperienced guys. So, I think it goes to show that these folks have a lot of know-how. I thought the prices were fair, too. I asked about prices at other shops I went to and they were either similarly priced or more expensive. But it's hard to say this place is affordable. I mean, you pay for what you get, ya know? And I'm pretty darn happy with the way mine turnedout. It represents something special to me, and it's been a conversation piece everywhere I go, which is exactly what I wanted.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,12/1/2012,332,311,1,10,7>The Southlake Restaurant Scene in 201x is the new Plano Restaurant Scene of the 200x's which was the new scene of Addison in 199xs which was the new Highland Park...  Note that this is not the only booming restaurant area in the Metroplex, it just is The Area for competition.  Southlake Town Center (nee 1999) created a concept that has been the "must-be" location.I used to patronize the (original) location in Highland Village 15 years ago.  When they built the Plano location, we tried that several times and it always was a good meal at a reasonable price.  Now, Patrizio has built a restaurant like no other of its locations - I would estimate several millions of dollars for a standalone building on a premium location near Southlake Town Center.  I would almost say that the building doesn't fit with the typical architecture of the area, except that the sheer opulence - both inside and out - make it a perfect fit for this ritzy suburb.The food is Italian, but this is hardly a menu you'd find at Ol!ve Gard3n or the nearby Br10 chain restaurants.  As a matter of fact, when my server asked if I had been there before, I explained my previous experiences with the other locations and he pointed out that This Location is called an "Osteria" because it features more specialized items (on the first page of the menu) that are not available at other locations.  Indeed, I bypassed my typical choices and order the Orrecchiette Calbresa (see the photos), which was a spicy mix of sausage, brocollini stalks, tomatoes, peppers and ear-shapped pasta.  Very good - and the server was right to warm me about the spice.  As my date for the evening was 4 year old daughter, the kids menu has typical pizza, spaghetti and meatballs and a salad.  Kudos to the chef for not including chicken nuggets or grilled cheese.Overall, the decor is sure to please.  My daughter wants to go back if only to climb the giant glowing glass spiral staircase.  Although the restaurant just opened, it was packed with a typical Southlake crowd - and by that I mean a mix of families with young kids, those with older kids, and those with no kids.  I peeked into the spacious bar and it looked like the new singles spot (these people migrate from between Tru1ucks, Br10, K1rby's and B0b's)...The only issue will be parking.  There is very little self-parking, and the configuration is such that valet is required.   I would highly recommend this place for business meals, although Italian food is pretty common world-wide and out-of-town guests might desire something more Texan (like K1rby's or B0b's for steak).  It also appears to be good for groups, with private rooms upstairs and down.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,11/30/2012,206,99,6,6,7>I really enjoy the tacos here. The fish tacos are absolutely amazing and they def put Fuzzy's fish tacos to shame. I don't know if its the sauce, the meaty fish, or the fixins...but its good! The prices are great and the portions serve justice. The margaritas are such a kicker. I had a mango BABY(smaller glass) margarita and it still had me feeling super friendly! I'm usually the type that can contain myself but I cut myself off after ONE drink! Def check out the drink specials and margaritas!The restrooms are interesting too! Theres great art on the wall so make sure to check them out as well!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,11/29/2012,23,102,3,4,2>Mi sexy esposa y yo are about to make it another Embargo friday eve.I like this place from the jammin' rock en espanol to the drinks that aren't too expensive.Everyone has fun including us and I even get out on the dance floor-sometimes..I have tried thurs nite,but friday is more my style,,give it a try,,I like it mucho!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/28/2012,134,301,7,16,7>There's a long review that could be written here, but it would be a waste of my time and yours for it to be put together.  Everything amazing about this place has been written already- its small, its BYOB/BYOW, seating outside is scarce, they close at times to go to Italy so they can bring back additional cuisine, and they only accept cash.  Boom! Saved you reading 35 reviews in one sentence!On the whole though, what is important is to know that as someone who grew up on traditional Italian food, this is the truly, most authentic Italian food you can find in the metroplex.  That's not an opinion, its a statement from someone that cooks Italian and grew up on grandmother's perfection.  It is by no means that this location does not deserve all of its accolades on the shoulders of Donatella Trotti.  This location is truly a must on Magnolia and one of the secret innovators in Fort Worth.  Why are you still reading this?  You should be there already!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2012,11/27/2012,55,166,2,4,2>I am not giving them the higher stars simply because of the cupcakes and cake balls.  I mean they have great toppings and great flavors of yogurt.  Today I had half yellow and half chocolate cake batter.  Then I had mochi balls.  It was delicious. Love love love. Here's the rub. The cupcakes are just meh.  I mean I am used to cupcakes being amazing from this little store in Boston called Babycakes so I am spoiled. There was just nothing special about this expensive cupcake.  It was carrot cake but the icing was ... weird.  We are trying to reserve our judgment for a second go round, but well we had to be honest .  Now the cake balls, this literally tasted like sugar. We got the cookies and cream. I might as well had taken fondant and ate it. It was horrible we each nibbled on it and then threw it away. Good for yogurt not for cupcakes
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,11/26/2012,42,98,1,4,2>Seven Mile Cafe came so close to 5 stars! The cons: Servers were a little confused about who had our table.                    The food took a little long to come out.                    No wifi (I still believe this should be a standard in any establishment)The pros: The servers, though confused, were very pleasant.                    The decor and location were original and cozy.                   The food was awesome!                   Acai bowl was very yummy and the crunchy granola gave it texture.                      The Irish Benny (aka an eggs benedict) was yummy x3!  Just when I had about given up hope on Denton eateries, Seven Mile Cafe teased me enough to keep exploring Denton to find more diamonds in the rough.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,11/25/2012,43,90,3,7,2>I went here for a 60 minute Swedish Massage.  Staff was very friendly!My massage therapist was very nice, didn't talk when the massage started and gave a very nice and relaxing massage.Two things that were missing though....a quick consultation to see if there was any areas that needed extra attention (such as lower back, neck) and no complimentary water after the massage (if they did have it-it wasn't offered).  This was the first place that didn't advise me to drink lots of water after the massage.  Already knew that, put if that isn't something that is done and you have a massage virgin....they mind end up with a killer migraine later.Overall though....good experience and I would recommend them.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,11/24/2012,65,44,,3,2>Went for lunch a couple Saturday's ago and really enjoyed the food. I think the outdoor patio and bands would be REALLY fun here but in June it's just too hot to sit outside unless the sun is down. I ordered the The Hendrix (Melted swiss cheese, sauteed mushrooms with LTO & mayo) and Locked and Loaded Fries (Cheddar Cheese, Jalapenos, Bacon, Chives with Ranch). SO delicious. Their food was great and the waitress was really friendly! We had a coupon for 15% off (not applied to alcoholic beverages) that we clipped from one of the many coupon papers/magazines we get in the mail.Seemed like it would get crowded during peak times, but lunch on a Saturday was ok, not too packed but not empty either.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,11/23/2012,14,195,,4,3>A good friend suggested lunch in this small, out-of-the-way spot (for me) at the corner of Precinct Line and McDonwell School Rd in a small strip mall.Wow, was I impressed!  Perfect spot for ladies who do lunch, and there were a lot of them enjoying lunch.  Nothing fancy, but the food is great and served with a smile.We enjoyed the daily special which was a type of ham sandwich on ciabbata bread with braised onions and local peaches - an unusual, but really good combination.  It came with a side salad (dressing was good, but it was just iceberg lettuce).  Blackberry iced tea and a sinfully delicious lemon cupcake topped it off.  My meal was about $17.  Not cheap, but it was very good.There is no table service, but we did not wait long.  From the looks of the menu, the chef is creative and there were lots of things I would like to try.   The small dinner menu (apparently served only Thur - Sat) looked unusual and good, and the BYOB aspect can be a plus for your pocketbook.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,11/22/2012,201,579,,4,4>This is always so cool. A local bakery. And when I first went here it was completely by accident. I was looking for the location of a bar in the area and drove past Ravelin. I was like "I gotta go here in the daytime" and I did. And again, and again.Yes they have an assortment of pastries and cookies but they also have bread. Usually a rotating variety during the week, but a few like the seeded bread and the sourdough are always available. I'm a sucker for fresh sourdough. Still not sure why I like it, but when I see that a deli or bakery or restaurant has it. I most likely will get it.On one of my visits there I asked about it because their sourdough isn't as "sour" as what one normally comes to think about that style of bread. They said that they don't age the dough as long so it doesn't get that distinctive taste to it. And it works.My daughter is partial to the chocolate chip or M&Ms cookies.One word, some of the pastries are a little pricey, but from most of the reviews, they are most likely worth it.Enjoy.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2012,11/21/2012,160,643,,7,3>I got a deluxe pedicure with paraffin. The foot scrubbing was good, my calluses were rubbed off vigorously, my cuticles were cleaned up nicely. Paraffin helped heal some of the dryness in my feet but the wax was too hot the first time the girl put my foot in the bag. Great polish application and a super cute flower design, picture posted. Four weeks later, my heels are starting to turn into a mess again but the polish on my toes still looks awesome. $40 for pedicure, callus removal, paraffin treatment, margarita, and a flower design on my big toes. Add $5 for a tip. two months later when I took off the polish, the nails on my big toes had been damaged.  not sure how that happened but it has never happened before in my life. took six months to grow out the damaged nail beds. i would be reluctant to return.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,11/20/2012,88,258,,16,5>I initially went in thinking I wanted a tattoo from Brian, who has ammaaazziingg work in his portfolio but turned out to be a bit of a prickly pear in person who said he didn't draw original art and only did photorealism. Fair enough.Fortunately, AJ happened to be listening in to our conversation and jumped in when he heard what I was wanting to do. This was a beautiful, fortuitous thing because he happens to love doing traditional American pin-up style tattoos which was precisely what I was looking for. I gave him just a stupid variety of things I thought I might want and he said "Give me an hour." In an hours time, he showed me what he had drawn and he had magically plucked out the best possible combination of all the things I wanted with a gorgeous drawing. His pricing was completely fair, and I would even venture to say pretty generous considering how beautiful his work turned out to be.He was a pleasure to work with, very kind and attentive during the tattoo, and he just happened to be as excited about the work he was doing on me as I was - and it's always a gift to have your artist just as engaged in the design as you are.I haven't trusted anyone in the DFW to do work on me since I moved here, 800 miles away from my artist back at home. I'm so glad I found my new artist up here. PS - As I was wrapping up, a girl was haggling for prices. As a girl who has gotten the cheapest of cheap and the best of the best tattoos, please trust me when I say you do NOT want to haggle on art that will be on your body forever. The two artists I interacted with at Epic are just that - artists. Treat them accordingly and be willing to pay what their work is worth. I promise you won't regret it!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,11/19/2012,34,336,,4,2>Found this with a recent groupon deal buy for a $10 for $20 deal.  Found out they just opened/moved to this location on Tuesday from their one over in Colleyville. I'm glad they made the move because they are the now the closest good sushi place to me now. The waitstaff was very attentive, and gave us a little bit of history on their move to the new location. I really liked they had their sushi ordering sheets laminated for ordering ... saves money on printing new sheets and saves trees. They were really good about refilling drinks, which is something I do notice, means that they are actually paying attention to whats happening at their tables. We ate pretty light for our normal standards but still got to sample our normal favorites from where we normally get sushi from. The miso was excellent, some of the best we've had in awhile. I really loved the cucumber rolls, they don't shred the cucumber ... they cut what I would call a long slice into 1/4ths. Which made it to where not one of the rolls collapsed on me which usually happens to me most anywhere I go. :-) My husband kept saying that's a good piece of sushi while he ate his spicy tuna rolls. So he was sold on those, the wasabi and the tuna rolls had the same sinus clearing effect that he normally gets with the wasabi and cucumber roll combination. Which is a good thing. ;-) The samon skin rolls were really good, he still prefers the place he normally goes to get sushi but Nikko's comes in a good second place for him because  here they still knock others out of the park for his pallet on salmon skin rolls. We will for sure be returning here when we are in the mood for a near by sushi run. :-)
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/18/2012,20,84,,5,4>Good stuff. Are you hungry but don't know what you want?  Stop in here you'll a find something. The menu has all your basic Italian favorites and then some. Food comes out piping hot and is absolutely delicious. The place is very clean and nice and cozy. Expect to need a to go bag. I'll definitely go back.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/21/2012,11/17/2012,81,320,3,5,1>Our waiter was great - super funny and outgoing. The other staff members were nice also. There was already naan pieces on the table when we sat down, but nobody pointed them out to us, so we had to discover what was in the covered basket on our own. Based on what I read on the menu, it sounded like the difference between the gyro wrap and the gyro entree were the sides [fries vs rice, salad, and vegetables], so I went with the entree, as did hubby. The plate came out with rice, vegetables, lamb slices, and a little cup of tzatziki (the salad came earlier). So you make your own mini gyros with the naan slices on the table. And there are no fillings (lettuce, tomato, onion, etc) other than meat and tzatziki. I guess my preconceived notion that a gyro was meat wrapped in a pita was wrong, and I wasn't too excited to find out the hard way. I'll probably just stick with Al Wadi from now on. They're less expensive and I always know what I'm getting.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,11/14/2012,14,109,,6,2>For coffee, this is one of the best places I have ever been. BG roasts their own so you always have the best and freshest coffees to choose from. I buy all my espresso beans from here and most of my unique coffee also (their Jamaican Blue Mountain is out of this world). The snacks and light meals are good but that is not why I come. The seating is fairly accommodating most of the time but they are a popular place and it has been full on occasion. I have many business meetings here as their wifi signal is strong. Their Fort Worth location is equivalent in all aspects.The only complaint I have is during the summer months it can get a little warm.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,11/13/2012,263,371,6,5,4>Because it's Texas, we can get drive-through alcohol sealed in a plastic baggie to meet the minimum standards for legality. One of our new favorite hobbies is hitting this place up and then soaking in a hot tub. Frank also feels super G that he can get his cigs here *eye roll*Quick tip: Get the Jolly Rancher flavor with an extra shot. I get it in a small so I don't have to endure a crap ton of syrup just to get a buzz.Bonus quick tip: Do not get the horchata flavor. It is NOT horchata flavored. More like scary "Is-this-supposed-to-be-piña-colada?-Cuz-it-ain't-­and-this-is-just-gross" flavored.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,11/11/2012,195,245,2,5,3>How neat! I'd get married here...seriously. The venue was just so adorable with eclectic pieces of art strewn about and then the garden and patios had the perfect ambiance for an intimate ceremony and reception. Looking at the photos of weddings there, I can see why brides chose this place. It's def in the running for the dream wedding that I am planning via Pinterest. hehe.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,11/10/2012,356,554,3,7,4>Yay I think I found my new nail salon as my usual one broke my heart.  My friend suggested this place and they open at 9:30 am!  I walked in and was amazed on how HUGE and clean this place is.  I am so surprised they had a stand filled with OPI  nail polishes alone to select from.  I first picked a dark pink color and was seated for my pedicure.  The staff that was going to do my pedicure was very friendly.  I wanted to change the color of the nail polish to a darker color and she had no problem going to go select a few that I can chose from.  I selected a dark purple color instead.  I got the tropical paradise pedicure which came with a massage and hot stone massage.  The massage was perfect.  I felt like the employee was taking her time and not rushing to get the job done.  My pedicure was perfect and she didn't hurt me like my regular place that I used to go too.  They do offer wine, drinks, and water.  I will return as I had a good experience!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,11/9/2012,129,254,,2,3>After a failed attempt at seeing Dr. Dog at Live Oak, my friend and I still were itching to do anything but go home and study... so we went exploring around the area and found Zio Carlo! We got a couple of Rahr Oktoberfest beers and shared a Diavolo pizza (with goat cheese as recommended by our bartender).  The pizza was really delicious and went well with our drinks.  Our bartender was super friendly and the service was really prompt! I really liked the laid back feel of the place and the eclectic wall art. There was also a live band there that played some great rock covers - there were quite a few people who jumped up and started dancing in front of the small stage which goes to show how much stage presence they had.  I'm really glad we stumbled upon this place- good company, good food, good beer, and it was a good substitute for what we had planned on doing that evening.  I'd recommend this place for a chill hang out with friends who love beer and good pizza :)P.S. They also have an all day happy hour on Tuesday and $1 off beers for hospital workers on Thursday ;)
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,11/8/2012,52,84,2,4,3>I've been here four times now, and I've vacillated on how to score it. After my last visit, though, it's clear that the Woodshed deserves five stars.If you want a fresh take on barbecue in a pleasant, laid-back setting: the Woodshed is great for that. If you want to listen to live music, snack, and catch up with friends: the Woodshed is great for that, too. It works as a date spot and for business casual lunches. If you want to sit on a stool, try some new beers, chat and enjoy a steaming summer night, the Woodshed is exceptional at that!There's a great variety of ways you can approach the place, and it caters well to them all. I've enjoyed the food I've ordered, and I've tried to order different things each visit. I like the outdoor seating - a great view of the river, a lot of light, and the misters do a great job of keeping things cool. It's never super loud or too quiet here, and the wait staff are helpful and personable. Joe was our waiter during out last visit, and he went *waaaaay* out of his way to make sure we were taken care of. His recommendations were uncanny, and he really helped "make" the experience for us.I've been four times so far, and that isn't nearly enough. I'll be back!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,11/7/2012,474,618,5,8,6>I've been contemplating signing my family up for a membership at the zoo, but having only been once I felt another visit was in order before I made the decision. This morning my daughter and I dropped in for half-priced Wednesday. We arrived right at 10 am, along with several school buses bringing kids in from all over for field trips. A bunch of field trips all arriving right as the zoo opened made for a bit of a cluster, but once we broke away from the masses, our experience greatly improved.The primate exhibit was quite impressive. The gorillas could be viewed from indoors or outside. From one angle, we were face to face with a gorilla with just the plexiglass separating us. We stood about 20 feet from a hippo taking a bath, and my daughter couldn't get enough of the penguins marching outside for their morning snack.Look for the times of "Wild Encounters" where zookeepers will come out and talk about your favorite animals. Lots of shady walkways and indoor exhibits will help in the warmer months. Plus, stopping by one of the many snack stands for an Icee will also help keep you cool.We were there for 2 hours and I feel like we only saw about half of the zoo. My 18 month old, could only hang in her stroller for so long, so I think a membership is definitely in order, that way we can go back as often as we want and see sections of the zoo that we didn't catch on this trip in.*I would suggest going in the afternoon if it's not too hot because all the field trips will have left and it will be significantly less crowded.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2012,11/6/2012,42,63,,9,2>The food is good but it's expensive. The ambiance is lacking, but the staff are friendly and bubbly. We wanted to get the self-cook meats for the grill on our table, but they require a minimum of 2 orders be placed (about $23 each) so we skipped and just ordered the pre-cooked meats.The spicy octopus (#C7) was my favorite. It's really spicy and packed with a good amount of octopus - they don't skimp. The spicy chicken (duk gui) wasn't as spicy, but the flavoring was good. Portion is the typical korean dishes size, but double the price ($15). Same goes for the galbi.. tasty but not worth $22. We also got the combination soondooboo (combo & tofu soup). I didn't like it... It was mostly tofu and bland. After the meal, they brought complimentary strawberries and christmas-tree shaped watermelons (in july!).The side dishes were quite bland. The kimchi wasn't fresh or crunchy, seemed like it was taken from those packaged jars at the supermarket.All in all, the food is yummy (4 stars) minus the soondooboo and side dishes. The prices bring it down a star though. I'd probably still drive to H-Mart in Carrollton to get my Korean fix, but Won is good for lazy days.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,11/5/2012,29,102,,4,3>After reading the reviews, I was dreading our reservation at Dino's. But we had a groupon. Groupon on. Friday night 7:00. Easily seated.  Our very excellent server (thanks Lance) started us off with some yum bread served with whipped butter floating in a balsamic reduction. After perusing the wine list and getting an idea of what we liked, he suggested a bottle of Byron Pinot Noir. $52. Way too expensive for what we got. They seem to 4x the pricing on their wines. But it was very good. We next had the crab cube appetizer. It's basically 2 small crab cakes shaped into squares. There were nice lumps of crabmeat in the cakes, but the mango type sauce was so-so. I would much rather have had remoulade. $12But the entrees were excellent. I had the surf and turf special. $32 A petite filet with 2 large prawns. The filet was perfectly prepared. Buttery melt in your mouth delicious. The prawns were pretty good as well. Can't complain except that he told me there would be 4 of them and there were 2 of them. This all came with mashed potatoes (grade B- for saltiness) and some kind of butter sauce that was outstanding. The BF had the rack of lamb with a side of asparagus. $40 total.He is into lamb and pretty judgy about it, and he pronounced these delish. He ate every morsel on his plate.And then our waiter came out with a surprise dessert.  Just for being us I reckon since we are so way cool. This free dessert thing happens to us fairly often. I'm just saying. It was a dense chocolate ice cream concoction with a calorie laden cream sauce. We ate most of it just to be polite :)Our waiter was great. The piano player was excellent. He came over to say hi. As did the owner or manager. Overall a fine dining experience. I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised. As people have noted in other reviews, it is a little too pricey. But the food is excellent, portions decently sized and the the service is stellar. Nice atmosphere thanks to the background piano. We will definitely do this again.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,11/4/2012,55,196,,7,5>We are very lucky to get this awesome German restaurant in Denton. They relocated from Roanoke, TX and reopened this month (September 2012) right off the square on Hickory Street.  The authentic German food is excellent and so is their great selection of draft and bottle German beers. I've been here 3 times since they've opened and each time the food was delicious, the beer was cold and the service was outstanding. I didn't realize Denton needed a German restaurant until I had my first meal (and beer) at Gerhard's. Every Sunday they have a brunch buffet ($17) from 11:00 a.m.-3:00 p.m. and it's a great way to try a variety of dishes. The owner has been there every time we've been there and he seems intent on providing top notch service and food. They also have a nice big bar and friendly bartendars if you just want to drink or you want to eat at the bar (and it is a full bar). They have an Octoberfest party planned the first weekend in October. The owner also said they are planning on starting a beer club for customers who want to try all the flavors.  I've got my mug haning on the wall!   Food-5 stars, service-5 stars, value-5 stars, German restaurant ambiance-5 stars.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/3/2012,121,311,3,9,6>Can I say brown rice sushi!!!  Awesome and Affordable. The menu is pretty simple and you order out the counter and the lady brings the food out to you. They are really nice and explain a good amount. Especially since I ask a lot of questions.  I tried the inari appetizer and the hot summer roll. Both were really good. The hot summer roll had just the right amount of kick for sushi and the inari was a new thing for my taste buds. I gobbled that down as well.The place is clean and minimalist feel.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2012,11/2/2012,55,62,,7,2>Maybe I wasn't so budget conscious a few years ago, but I returned to Envy Nails after a rather long hiatus and was hit with a $65 bill for a mani/pedi!  And it was one of those footsie bath pedis in the manicure station, not even the comfy massage chairs.  Those are secluded in the back with a door so I can't imagine what those cost.  Everyone there is so nice and they really do a great job.  But, I'm not sure I'd rate it up there with a "you get what you pay for".  I think I could get the same treatment elsewhere for a whole lot less.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,11/1/2012,27,64,,2,3>I seriously love this place.  They have happy hour all evening long Monday through Saturday, and you can get five rolls and some edamame for less than $30.  It's insane.  The rolls have always been delicious and beautifully presented as well, especially for the $4 you are paying for each roll.  It's such a bargain.I'm so glad that we found this place our first weekend that we moved here and didn't have our munchkin, and I plan on going back every chance I get for some happy hour sushi!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/31/2012,75,237,,6,2>This place isn't the prettiest place on the outside but after all the good reviews on this place and plain curiosity we decided to try it out one day. I was pleasantly surprised once we got inside because this place has a great atmosphere and cheap but good seafood.I'm hooked (no pun intended) on their fried shrimp basket. Their fries are average but their hushpuppies steal the show. The only thing we didnt enjoy was their onion rings but aside from that we've left full and happy each time.Sign up for their fan club and they'll send you b1g1 coupons about once a month (mmmmm......hushpuppies.......)Be warned though - their parking lot isnt very big and can get full very quickly during dinner time and on the weekends
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,10/30/2012,30,31,2,4,4>Despite the name, this is actually a "Post Office", but without the line!! The guy who owns this shop has lots of great little knick-knacky stuff in his shop, but the best kept secret, is that he offers a full service Post Office! So you might want to keep that in mind when shipping packages for the holidays. I have been here five or six times and haven't ever had to wait!He's a very nice guy from Taiwan, so i'm not sure exactly why its called "Chinese Avenue". In any case, if you are in the area, pop in and see the neat things he has inside! (Note: there is insense burning inside.)
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,10/29/2012,82,285,,3,3>Since our favorite burger joint closed at the beginning of the year, we've been on a quest to find another that'll fill the void. Bottlecap Alley isn't quite that place, but they have some pretty good food. I don't mind the "order-at-the-counter/pick-up-your-food" idea - bypasses some iffy service I've had lately. Food is cooked up pretty quickly, too. I like that things can be easily made to order. I've had both the single and the double on different visits, and the thing I like best about the burgers is the mushy bun/oozy cheese combination that comes on a Bottlecap Alley burger. The patties have all been consistently on the dry side, but they are seasoned nicely. I like the fries a lot - a large order will easily feed 2-3 people. The onion rings are okay. I really like the queso - it's surprisingly tasty. On the last visit, I grabbed a bottled beer from the trough - although it was iced down, it wasn't very cold. Perhaps the trough had been recently filled. The one down-side in my opinion is that there are kids (as in teams of kids) everywhere. I find that sitting in the bar stool area to the right of the kitchen is a little less populated with young folks. The flow of the beverage stand makes maneuvering a little tricky. At the end of the day, this is my go-to spot - it's not perfect, but it's not too shabby, either.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,10/28/2012,16,55,4,4,1>Alright, I like pedicures so sue me.  I don't go to nail salons all the time but I was happy with VIP Nails.  Nice decor, friendly staff, and after I left my feet felt as soft as an angels wings.  The prices are decent, probably on par with the few places I've been and I plan on going back again for all of my foot care needs.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/27/2012,43,145,3,7,3>Stopped in at the Flying Carpet with the family last week. The place just opened and is essentially a revamped house turned into a rug shop and cafe just off of Magnolia. The first half of the house is the rug shop and the second half is the cafe and from what I understand, as of right now is only open for dinner. Having spent some time in Turkey, eating at a cafe with a rustic decor, surrounded by old Turkish rugs and various pictures of Turkey definitely brought back good memories. The tea and coffee served are both quite good and I think everyone in the family enjoyed their meals as well. I had the lamb kebab and the girlfriend chose the flat iron steak and both were to our liking. The cuisine right now is a bit of Middle East fusion, with some elements of Lebanese and Turkish combined with some American, we definitely liked the direction they were taking with the cuisine. The best part is that we polished off our meal with smoking some hookahs on their patio. The nice weather added to our experience and I definitely recommend the hookahs as an end to your meal as well (they have several flavors of tobacco available). Do take notice it is a cafe, so the serving room (and menu) is naturally a bit limited, so I would think ahead and make a reservation. All in all, a nice quaint place and it is cool to see these small specialty cafes opening up all around Magnolia and we will definitely be going back.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,10/26/2012,127,180,9,7,6>So I know we all have seen the episode of seinfeld with the soup nazi, right? Well that is how I felt standing in line to order my sub for the first time.  Have your cell phones off and know what you want to order, of course I am exaggerating because the staff there are very kind and nice.  The subs are wonderful, the ice cream is so good, and the cheesecake, yum!!!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2012,10/25/2012,37,115,3,8,2>It's hard to explain what it is, it's a bar, a night club, a restaurant, a hookah lounge...it honestly feels like trying a bit too hard to be all of those. Summed up it's more of a dancebar that happens to serve hookah and Mediterranean food that is "meh." Atmosphere is very hip and modern. Clean cool trendy furniture and design. Full bar. Plenty of HDTVs. Dance floor with live DJ. Loud music and singing. Hookah selection is ok. Food again...have had better. My main issue with them is that their servers aren't the best if you actually wanna be served! When I first came to Zonga's, I took a buddy of mine with me and one of my friends who recommended it. But I was soon actually embarrassed because of the lack of service. I was going to call a mulligan that night, but this became a frequent issue outside in the bar/patio area it seems every time I visit. The servers take forever, are absent or nowhere to be found, and mess up orders constantly. It literally took 30 minutes for a drink refill that first time we came. It was a weeknight that time and not busy at all. It was by far the most inconveniencing service I've ever received and has been a constant issue. Another time I visited here the same server apparently went off for a "smoke" (on the clock) for like 45 minutes with one of his high-school friends/regulars as was supposed to be our server, so we had to find another server to get drinks/coals/check. Very annoying.What's worst about it is they're not ever really rude, but very friendly...it's the "airheaded-ness" (is that even a word) caused by lack of concern or care that comes across as unprofessional and it's simply unacceptable.But this is all caused by only a few key servers who work there. So I still choose to try this place out several times after because I like the vibe and my friends still enjoy going here on the weekends. So not a real biggie if you wanna chit-chat, meet new people, have fun, drink and dance then Zonga's is the place to be on a Fri/Sat night! But if you wanna an actual hookah lounge experience to chill with a group of friends, eat some authentic Mediterrean food, maybe dance a little here and there...then all the best ones are in Richardson off 75Honestly this place should just be a bar and dance club and forget the rest. It does better at that.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,10/24/2012,55,175,3,2,3>Four stars for the food, and the extra star for getting to spend a few hours catching up on life over salad and pizza with my good friend Marc M.!!!Huge fan of Grimaldis.  The thin crust and toppings may not be a favorite of everyone, but for me, it is how Pizza is supposed to be made!  Salads are fresh, and very large (a small is enough for three folks...easy).  It can be  a little on the spendy side...but what place serving really good food isn't?  If you have never tried Grimaldi's, give it a try....you might get hooked!!!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,10/23/2012,243,187,4,11,4>Truly a hidden gem just off FM 157 (Cooper St in Arlington) and H 287 in Mansfield.   They make about 5 or 6 different flavors of jerky ranging from sweet to salty to spicy and everything in-between.The true secret however, is the meat they sell.   They have a tiny butcher's case which stocks some of the BEST Choice/Prime, wet-aged beef you'll find outside of one of the "membership clubs" or specialty stores.   This meat though is different.  It's LOCALLY SOURCED from a ranching company out of Fort Worth called Frontier Meats.   Their beef is raised locally, grass-fed, pasture-grazed and does NOT get pounded with hormones and antibiotics.     "Holy crap Ted - that sounds really really expensive lol" you ask?    Newp.    For instance, high-grade Choice Ribeye normally sells for around 10.99 /lbwith common specials bringing it down to 9.99/lb.   The last time I was there they also had Bone-In Ribeye for 8.99/lb.    Their Prime-grade Ribeye is generally 11.99/lb if I recall which is still a fantastic price.     a 16 oz steak for 12 bucks.   Try getting a deal like THAT at Del Frisco's.One drawback to being small however (and the reason I knocked the rating down1 star) is that it really limits the cuts they have available.   No room for butchering equipment means everything is hand-cut.   This is great if you want a 1.5 inch steak for dinner but it sucks if you're looking for a great Porterhouse.   You won't find one here. (they can't cut that primal with a handsaw/knife)They do also have a cold-case which stocks some fantastic Briskets, poultry, pork, bison steaks/ground, sausages, some of the best uncured bacon (no nitrates!) all at prices competitive to what you see at the big-box retailers and membership clubs.   Just remember that Quality is the difference here folks.The staff is friendlier than hell and very very helpful - especially if you're looking for recommendations on meat.  There's also a plethora of jar'd sauces/salsas, mixes, rubs, condiments and anything else you can thing of that would accompany a Texas cookout. (minus beer and potato salad).    There's been rumored-discussions about them expanding the store and increasing the stuff they offer.  Let's just hope that includes some more butchering capacity because I sure could sink my teeth into a nice, 22oz Porterhouse right about now
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,10/22/2012,140,136,1,9,7>I've been here three or four times since the opening. Once during their first week. To start I always get the the shishito peppers. They're excellent! Spicy foods scare me but these had a nice heat and great roasted flavor. Only about 1 in 10 peppers are down-glass-of-water hot. Since first trying them at Shinjuku Station I've ordered them from every place that has had them on the menu. They've never been as good as at Shinjuku. They were bright, fresh and deliciously roasted. When I'm being greedy (which is usually) I order some tok fries after the peppers. They're so addictively good! I have to stop myself from going every other day and ordering them. Dipping them in the accompanying sauce and then the crunchy flakes just takes them to a whole nother level. Sushi wise everything I've had has been pretty good. Unfortunately, I've eaten so much of the sushi that it's all blurred together into one big roll. I can't remember exactly what I like there. Next time I'll write it down. The unagi nigiri is some of the best I've ever had! The eel was moist and had just the right amount of sauce. A lot of other places overly sauce the eel to make up for its dryness. Although we ordered a hamachi of yellow tail (I think) and the fish didn't taste very fresh. The service is always great and the interior is cool. On my visits it's either been packed or completely empty. This is one of my favorite places to take out of town visitors or just grab a quick bite to eat. I look forward to every meal here.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,10/21/2012,257,111,4,13,5>The restaurant atmosphere is very bare but peaceful. It's easy to overlook such a hidden gem because the outside is so plain but you will be VERY glad if you decide to stop by. If you're more concerned about the quality and freshness of the food instead of a super jazzy or gaudy environment, this is the perfect place!Service is always top notch when I go there and the food is sooooo flavorful but never too salty/sweet in my opinion. I absolutely love their fried rice because it's not greasy which is hard to find. I usually go here for their orange chicken and if you get takeout, it's $4.95. Pretty good price right? Except that the portions feed THREE people my size, I kid you not! Even my boss who is probably the size of Sasquatch standing at 6 foot 5 inches thinks the portions are big. So their price is INCREDIBLE for the amount that you get and they won't skimp on the meat portions either!The food takes awhile (orange chicken is probably 10 minutes) because they make it fresh so it's worth the wait). This is now my go-to Chinese food place for a quick and yummy lunch! Please Sesame House, if you guys read this, don't EVER change!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,10/20/2012,53,70,,5,2>Buffet heaven, with luscious, delicious and delightful combinations of an incredible range and style of foods prepared by some amazing chefs!  I go to the ball game for the Rangers and my hubby goes for the Rangers, via the Diamond Club!It's incredible popular with the locals so call ahead for reservations and make a day of it at Rangers Ballpark - fabulous food and fun
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2012,10/19/2012,56,59,1,7,2>This is a provisional review for Orchid City Fusion Cafe because it is newly opened and they are just getting their feet under them; I expect my update will be higher and review more in-depth.I went in for a bobba tea and ordered a Thai tea with bobba, totaling $4 and change after tax. The service was friendly, though a bit slow, but, like I said, they are new, I'm sure it will improve quickly. I was tempted to order one of the myriad of dishes they had, and I have to say I really like the setup: it reminds me of Freebirds World Burrito or Chipotle where you choose a meat (or tofu) then choose if you want one of four rice dishes, a salad or sandwich. However, since the prices were more dinner menu (ranging from $7 for tofu to $9 for other meat), I decided to hold-off -- I am a starving student after all (like many of the students across the street I'm on a fixed and meager budget). The Thai tea was a little bit weaker than I like -- I prefer it like Texas tea so sweet the spoon stands up on it's own and so strong it's brown, but it was decent and a welcome treat after writing-out six pages by hand in English class. Please, more ice, stronger tea -- I need a little more caffeine than most people by 3:00!The decor attempts at a swankiness that reminds me of Cafe 101 in Houston, and you know I love that place. But it has the open atmosphere of a coffee bar with some nice private booths, open tables and a couch -- much like Kick Butt Coffee (Airport) in Austin. They had a TV going and it was turned to the Travel channel to watch Adam Richmond, which though I would call it trash TV, is always interesting to gluttons like myself. It's relaxed without being childish and nice without being "cafe dance club."
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2012,10/18/2012,27,30,3,4,2>After passing by this delicious smelling building almost my entire life I finally stopped in for a bite. I won't trouble you with the obvious, let's get to what is important.Parking: Sucks. I don't know if there are actual parking spots, but space isn't always readily available without getting creative.Service: Next to done. It's very DIY here. Walk in, get a black plate (sandwich) or a white plate (buffet). Get your food yourself, pay the cashier, get your drink yourself, sit yourself down at a table.Atmosphere: Casual. Pretty much a typical looking country BBQ joint. This lady ain't gussied up, if you know what I mean. The tea is served from buckets (trash cans?), c'mon. There aren't enough words with apostrophes at the end to describe how Texas-family-reunion this place is. At least there's no pressure to keep your shirt sauce stain free.Side Dishes: First off, screw the sides. I used to have a pet peeve with bbq sides, but I'm over it. They all use the same premade beans and potato salad so don't worry about it. If you like the sides from your office's potluck then you'll be fine. Otherwise, don't expect much. Nothing is doctored up. Go for the meat.Meat: Obviously, this is why you're here. After eating two plates (one plate too many) I can confidently say they know their 'que. North Main's brisket is indeed moist, if not a little fatty too, but delicious. It didn't really need the sauce (which we'll get to in a bit) as it was just nearly tender enough to cut with a fork. The forks are plastic by the way. Good smoke and rub flavor. Same for the ribs. Taking a view of the cut side of the ribs, you can see the smoke ring about 1/3 into the meat on either side. These babies didn't need any sauce at all. They're not the most tender ribs I've had, but they were definitely respectable. Even the chicken was good. Barbecue chicken usually ends up somewhere between cotton-mouth and bone-dry... But this chicken only needed a little bit of the sauce to perk it up. I did cut the chicken with my (plastic) fork. It was well seasoned too. I skipped the sausage. The shredded beef was pretty good to make a sandwich with, though with just regular old sliced bread it wasn't spectacular.Sauce: This isn't a very typical sauce for me. Heavy on the vinegar, a bit sweet, I would classify it as one of those tomato-sugar sauces but it's a bit different. I can understand why a lot of reviewers aren't fans. Get some on the side and add to taste... Most of the meat here doesn't really require it.3/5 stars because I'm not sure it's worth $15. For that, I'd expect homemade potato salad, beans, and slaw. As is, the older $12 buffet makes more sense. The ribs and brisket are delicious and totally worth it. The rest? Meh.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,10/17/2012,298,874,4,6,5>I watched this location, which was a Minyard, sit empty for a long time. Then something started to happen. Rumors were it was going to be another mercado. When El Rancho opened, I really had no desire to venture inside. I've been to Terry's, Carnival and Fiesta. None made me want to shop there. Well yesterday we needed some pork, and El Rancho was just to convenient to pass up. The first obstacle you will have to overcome is parking. Small lot, tight layout and busy. Once you find a spot, half your battle is over. So I step inside an wow, it looks like a party. There are people everywhere. Piñatas hang over the check out lanes. Next I see the bakery, filled with brightly colored confections (all baked in house). Next I see the "food court". I see many meats grilling. There is a very complete menu, a salsa bar, and drink options galore (both fresh and the ones from the big glass jars - and some flavors I've never seen before). On our way to the butcher section we pass by the produce and fish departments. Both were wonderfully stocked. In the fish department several types of seafood cocktails were available (at around $6 per pound). There is also a tortilleria making fresh tortillas in a variety of types and sizes. As we walk through the store I'm finding it impossible not to stuff random items into our basket. Horchata flavored yogurt drink, cantaloupe drink mix, etc. While selecting the cantaloupe drink mix I was approached by a very friendly assistant manger that politely informed me that I'm not allowed to take pictures and that there's a sign in front stating this. I apologize and put my phone away (which by the way was on the "cloudy" setting and hence my pictures look kinda yellow). We finally make it to the meat department and it's extensive, running nearly from the front to the back of the store. We have a piece of pork loin cut, and off we go to checkout. At the checkout, numerous Mexican sweets tempt the knee-high shoppers. It's the checkout process that will be your second hurdle. It seems, and for good reason, that El Rancho is always busy, so the checkout lines are long and cramped. The process went pretty well, though a bit slow (the cashier was unable to identify a large fruit in the cart ahead of us). We finally finished and on the way out I looked for that sign. Yep, there it was. Upside down and among a dozen other signs was an easily missable "No Photography" sign. Too bad, I would have liked to share more photos of El Rancho with you. Were it not for the parking situation, and the checkout process, and to some extent me not being able to take more pictures, I quite likely would have gone 5 stars. But based on this visit, I'm definitely a fan and will be back if for no other reason than to eat at the food court.PS. Receipt says "El Rancho #23", and there are 12 locations listed on the grocery bag. If all the locations are as impressive as this one, it's definitely worth checking out.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,10/16/2012,93,131,2,2,2>Ok I haven't done one of these in a hot second, so please forgive me!I came just because I was jonesing for some sushi after my quick trip to Macy's. I haven't had it in months and REALLY needed something that would pick me up.This place is pretty much just sushi with very little "cooked entree" varieties, but I came for the sushi and my fiance ate the chicken teriyaki, so no biggie.Ok down to the sushi and what you really want to know. I got the sashimi bowl because I found that it had all of my favorite fish. (salmon, tuna, white tuna and red snapper.) It was delicious, and very well sliced. It wasn't thick at all, which made for a every easy bite. The quality of fish was actually pretty good. Nothing fishy, and it had great color. It came with a very satisfying miso soup. It was just the right amount of miso paste, and not too watered down. The service was great. The waiter was super attentive and nice and didn't seem "put out" to answer any of my questions, which was really nice. I didn't feel pressured nor did he make me feel bad for being so indecisive. (I wanted to get the right thing to be able to do a review for yelp!) One thing is I wish it was more affordable. It's not that it's like SO expensive that I would never go again, but it's definitely not the best deal in town. Honestly, I will be going back again soon. Maybe bi-monthly?! But I will still be holding out for the best sushi in DFW area.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,10/15/2012,44,118,,3,2>This was not the exact location, but the Dallas Twisted Root has been featured on Dinners Drive-ins and Dives.  This is a fun place to go for a burger.  The burgers are more than I can normally eat comfortably on my own.  My wife and I have learned to share a burger, get a side and we enjoy it fully.The part I like best is the flavored root beer, my favorite so far has been the Caramel Root Beer.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,10/14/2012,662,212,3,5,3>Found this place on Yelp- and thank you for that. Ive been looking for a BBQ place close to home- and not the chain BBQ- I want the "tastes like my daddy's" BBQ. The place has been there awhile- the smokey deliciousness has permeated the walks and will hitch a ride on your clothes and in your hair on your way out, but that just means your in the right place.Normally the turkey at smoke houses is dry to me- but they have found a way to lock in the juice and it feels like Thanksgiving wiht every bite. Its set up like cafeteria style- starting with the friendly guys carving your meat selection fresh when you order, then you just pile on all the sides and grab dessert (I'm always too full for sweets) and your drink at the cash register.They have the usual pickles/ onions/ peppers at the bar just past the register- so don't forget those!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,10/13/2012,376,566,5,9,4>JOSH JOSH JOSH JOSH...I have many pleasing thoughts that my taste buds shot up in my brain....alllllllllllllllll wonderful.  Get your mussles and pomme frites...did I spell that right?  I am Texan...we usually just sound it out hahaha.  Oh and the Crab and Avocado Salad...ginormous and delish!  Hotness had an endive...oh I love me some walnuts.  The ambiance is classic and sweet...it is like a slice of paradise once you step in...who would have known all the places we are falling in love with are in strip centers tucked away in hidden parking lots...the "fancy" places...just do not really tickle my fancy.  We tried several wines and had conversations with everyone around us...I just enjoy enjoying and being enjoyed...nothing else really matters in life.  Roll in on your own, with your sweet heart or a group of friends.  Pick different dishes and pass them around!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/11/2012,145,116,2,5,4>Mmmmm... this place reminds me of being in HCMC (yes, the real deal Saigon).  From the kind of industrial feel of the neighborhood to the random interior of the restaurant, this is the real deal.  All they need is to accept Dong and have a dozens of motorbikes parked outside and I'd be confused.What does it for me?  The bahn xeo (aka Saigon Pancake).  I'd describe this as one part egg crepe, one part savory pancake, one part lettuce wrap.  Delicious... but definitely ask them to show you how to eat it if you aren't with someone in the know.  Trust me, it's better that way.  I'm told their secret is the pan.  Yes, the actual pan.Bahn mi is good, but not great.  I'm picky and while it's better than most in Fort Worth, I'm convinced there are better out there... I just have yet to find them.  I usually order the bahn miI've tried other items and I've been happy.  This place is nice and cheap.  Just remember to bring cash.  And leave the picky people who can't imagine what restaurants are like in other places (like HCMC) at home!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,10/10/2012,65,195,1,3,3>Wow. Charley's. I love you. My husband heard about this place from the guy who cuts his hair. It was good enough for him to take me, the love of his life, to experience. I got the Project X burger, a patty full of Tabasco and jalapeños, a side of their homestyle fries and of course, I'm Texan, I got an RC Cola. My first bite of the Project X -- the flavorful beef, the fresh vegetables and the spice from the hot sauce and jalapeños -- the first thought in my head was... with burger joints like this, why the hell does anyone waste their time in line at In N Out? I think I may go to Charley's tonight!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,10/9/2012,47,98,2,5,4>Quite the swanky lil' place and something new for Denton. You'll definitely need to come prepared to spend some money and leave smelling like an ashtray, but it's a great place to just relax and talk. They strictly moderate the 49 person capacity, so if you get there late on a busy night, expect to wait on a staircase for an unspecified amount of time. That being said, it's badass if you're one of the 49 already in that doesn't have to deal with being packed elbow to elbow in a hot and sweaty bar. It has a really  nice ambiance and, in my opinion, is the best decorated bar in Denton of its kind. If you can catch it early in the night before the smoke gets too thick, it's nice to just sip slowly and listen to some unique mixes and/or older music. Kind of makes you feel like you're living in another time. Definitely a bit more scene/hipster, but still has a very "real" feel to it with very friendly bartenders.  Again, depending on what time and night you go, the type of crowd may vary.Perfect place to watch the sunset on the Courthouse. I highly recommend the espresso martinis.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,10/8/2012,17,3,,11,3>Don't be fooled by the exterior, this place is awesome!  They are owned by the pastor of the church in the same center.  The staff definitely love each other, the restaurant and the customers and it shows in the food and service.My wife and I went on Father's Day for lunch.  There was no wait and everyone was happy to see us.  We both ordered the smothered pork chop.  We also both had the mashed potatoes and gravy and corn (they spice the corn very well).  She had the green beans with a spicy sausage as her third side.  I had the fried okra as mine.  Everything was excellent despite the potatoes coming from a box (at least they tasted at way).  The  breading on my okra was probably the best I've ever had.  It was light and crunchy and was not sopping with grease.  The okra inside was fresh tasting and not slimy like so many other places.  Finally, the pork chop was right up there with the best chops I've had.  It was seasoned perfectly and the gravy they use to smother it was light and flavorful, not heavy like most white gravies tend to be.  For desert we had their bread pudding.  Normally, I am partial to the bread pudding at Chef Point Cafe in Watauga, but this was easily its equal.  The pudding is served piping hot and put together with flavorful fruits like peach, pear, grapes and raisins.  The rum sauce is not heavy but might be a little on the sweet side, but just barely.  At the end our bill was surprisingly affordable, only $28.06 (without a tip) for all that.  Talk about good value!  There's no question in my mind, we will be coming back.Oh, and a quick tip, look at the map on Yelp rather than looking up the address on Google.  Google takes you about a block too far (or not close enough depending on your direction of travel).  Google will also tell you it is on the wrong side of the street.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/6/2012,233,245,,7,3>I'm a big fan of sushi and i've also lived in denton for a long time now.  I really don't have any friends that like sushi, but you would figure at one point i would have stopped in.  Well i finally did and i can say i was very very happy!The place is very very small, but i've always felt this really compliments any sushi resturant.  Even though it is small hey do have seating at the "bar" where they prepare your orders.  The whole place was clean and staff was on top of everything not to mention very happy to have me there.  As mentioned they have complimentary miso soup, which is a simple way to put a smile on anyones face.  I order two different rolls which were very fresh.  They didn't skimp on things nor roll them in too much rice.  Overall i was very happy with everything i would put this place very high on my list for sushi in Denton.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,10/5/2012,85,274,6,13,7>Omg! What a frickin blast!!! My son comes all the time with summer camp so he persuaded me to bring him and I'm so glad I did. A few points to note. Saturday's are birthday party hell, but I booked a Saturday 6-8 pm spot and the parties were mostly over and it wasn't crowded at all. I thought I better book online because free jump can fill up and since I'm new I wasn't sure of the set up. They are also more crowded when they have t-shirt Tuesdays and everyone who wears an Urban Air shirt jumps for half off. I booked two hours for my son and once I got here, I bought myself an hour. What a great workout and tons of fun!!! They have fitness classes at night that I can't wait to try. They have coupons in Suburban Parent for $5 off, but there is no code to use when you purchase online so I guess you need to bring the coupon in and wing it to see if there is space. The workers are so nice and helpful and didn't laugh at me when my 42 year old self landed on my butt and couldn't get up gracefully or when I jumped into the foam pit and it took me 5 minutes to get out. I even met the manager who received bad reviews and he was cordial and professional. I detected no rudeness from anyone. You can't bring food or drink in but concessions are reasonable. I bought a bottle of water for a dollar. I also rented a locker because I brought my purse in not knowing I was going to be a participant. The locker rental is a dollar. A suggestion for the company would be to get wrist thingies or a safety pin to affix the key to you.... I wore the key ring on my pinky and it just fit. If I was a big guy I don't know where I would have put it. They have a special section for 7 and under, a main area, a dodgeball trampoline area and an expert area where you can show off your flips. You don't need socks to jump and it's probably better traction without them. And even better, as I was writing this review on my small cell phone screen, a worker came over, saw my iPad in my lap and gave me the wifi code. Now how awesome is that? He even told me that the front desk would have held my locker key for me. They've thought of everything. If I was 30 years younger I'd be flipping my butt off, but for now I'm just as content jumping and sweating and oh, I did get stuck in the foam pit and it took me five minutes to get out, so I won't try that again. In a nutshell, this is a blast and a great time for the whole family. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,10/4/2012,50,85,1,5,5>I LOVE Bochy's.  Love. It.  I've been dining there pretty much every weekend for the past few months now.  The place is quiet which is exactly what is needed when you've had a night that pushes your breakfast schedule up into the PM hours.  I've tried both lunch and breakfast items and have been disappointed with none of them.  The French Benedict rules, hell, even their oatmeal rules.  One of the best things about this place is the Indian food.  Yes, the Indian food.  From what I understand, the owners are a married couple one of which is Austian, the other Indian and I will tell you what, the butter chicken is the shit.  Their coffee items are also delicious and they use beans from a small company called Eisland Coffee.  The wait staff is friendly however some are better at their job than a few of the others so on occasion, my dining experience has suffered due to that.  I certianly have my favorite servers.  My only complaint about Bochy's is their children's menu which is nothing but sandwiches on the lunch side and probably could use a handful more items for the sake of variety if you have a young eater that is at all picky.  I definitely give Bochy's two thumbs up.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,10/3/2012,77,365,,6,4>God, I love a good burger. A big, fat, juicy burger with all of the toppings I could want. And that is exactly what my husband, I and my small cousin got. I'm not sure if it is because I'm OCD or what, but I really love checklists. Now combine checklists with juicy burgers, fries and a shake? Heaven on a plate. I've never actually been to a place that asks you to check off your toppings, flavor of your shake and even the kind of bun you'd like. It was extremely neat.The burger was amazingly fresh. I could just taste it. With American cheese, tomatoes, pickles, mayo and ketchup, I was in love. But my favorite part? The fries. They were made fresh from potatoes (not the frozen kind, either) with what I'm guessing is sea salt, which tastes amazing. We ordered a large and it was enough to feed the 3 of us and then some. We had a lot of leftovers. Don't even get me started on the Oreo shake. Holy crud. WONDERFUL.This place is also "kid-friendly" with coloring pages, crayons and a big writing wall for the kids to take a marker to. It kept my cousin entertained whilst they cooked our food. Love it! (It saved me from having to fork over my phone so she could download silly apps)Great burgers, fries and one heck of a shake, and we were pleased. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a great burger :)
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,10/2/2012,107,48,2,4,2>We love this place.OSDH&CP is a perfect addition to the area with so many great new restaurants just down the street.The beer garden (that's a big patio if you don't know) is unique in this area. They even host ping pong tournaments!Be sure to ask when the next charity night or local brewery beer school will be.The greatest thing about OSDH&CP is the bar staff. They know more about every kind of beer than anyone I've ever met. And they would have to because the selection here is one of the best. So much variety!Grab your friends, designate a driver and get down here!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2012,10/1/2012,71,136,3,4,3>Vegetarian nachos, good ones, and a giant mountain of them - thumbs up! Finding meat in them - thumbs down. Walking back to the front, telling them it has meat on them and getting asked "What do you want us to do about it?" MAJOR thumbs down. Having to explain in detail how I want a fresh order of VEGGIE nachos like I ordered not once but three times and having to explain what vegetarian is - facepalm. Addictive yucca fries with good enough to drink dip - thumbs waaay up. Nice ambiance, ok crowd, not overly noisy - thumbs up. This place got a lot of ups and downs for me, so I guess it will get three stars (really 2 1/2) to put it right in the middle. The yucca fries are worth the trip in my opinion as they are that good, but I think I'll stick with them and just get an order to go.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2012,9/30/2012,1427,66,9,5,6>Make a reservation if you want to sit in the dining room, otherwise if you want to sit at a table in the bar, it's first come first served so you may look like a bunch of vultures keeping an eye on its prey(patrons at the table) to die(patrons to leave) to jump at the first available table in the bar along with everyone else since availability is at a premium.  Otherwise try to sit at the first available seat at the sushi bar.  The food is good but the portions are smaller than most other places in the city, but it may be just during the happy hour time frame since the appetizers are at a reduced happy hour price,...but shouldn't the price just be less at the happy hour time and not the portions too...? Hmmm...not sure about this, so I'll have to make another trip during a non-happy hour time.  Parking is easy since you can park for free at the parking garage across the street. Of course, you could park in one of the few parking slots in front of the restaurant if you're fortunate enough to get one, but highly unlikely, like winning the lotto....Lol  What are the odds of that...? The decor is very trendy and dress is business casual but it being Texas, I was wearing some shorts and a nice shirt so maybe just being cleanly dressed is more like it...Lol.  This is a nice place to hang out for a drink of your choice from a beer to exotic cocktails since they have a full bar and very good mixologists working the bar.  If you're on a date, I suggest making a reservation for a table, away from the bar area to give a better noise level to have the romantic conversation.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,9/29/2012,331,537,,9,5>Another Ft Worth BBQ success! If you've followed my BBQ Quest list, you know I've had quite a bit of Texas BBQ at this pernt. Some good, some not so much....Smokey's definitely deserves a spot at the top of the list.I had a restaurant.com certificate that led me to trying our Smokey's and it was soooo worth it! My husband and I were able to try all 4 meats: brisket, ribs, chicken and sausage plus coleslaw, beans and potato salad AND a piece of pie. We walked out paying under $25 with tip. One thing I LOVE is they don't charge by the pound like Cooper's and Hard 8- you can get a 1-2-3 or 4 meat plates + 2 sides for a set price. They also offer family packs and we plan on going back for that and catering as well.The sausage: great texture with that casing that pops - spicy with jalapeno that runs through it. Brisket - OMG is all I can say, tender, juicy and supa dupa SMOKY. This was my fav of the bunch.Ribs - falling off the bone - plenty of meat...not skimpy! This was my 2nd fav, and my husbands fav overall. Probably some of the best in DFW, seriously.Chicken - sliced breast....good smoky taste, but not the best I've had.Sides - loved the beans...ranch style with meat and jalapeno's added. The coleslaw was sweet, crunchy and delicious. I didn't try the potato salad but my hubby said it was really good. Sauce: smoky, sweet n spicy...thick and not runny...delish! Loved, loved, loved it! To top it off, the service was spectacular. The guys were hilarious and you can tell they love what they do....serving up some of the best bbq in DFW.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,9/28/2012,135,233,1,2,2>Okay, we all have our tastes in art and what is good art and what is bad art. Therefore, I hope to avoid that stuff as best as I can and just focus on the museum itself, the professionalism of the place, and their commitment to the art that they exhibit. Because I know some people just don't like contemporary/modern art, it's just not their thing--and that's fine. Some people really dig contemporary/modern art--and that's just fine, too. I just don't think that the kind of art they exhibit should affect their score. So here goes, I suppose:First of all, the museum building itself is a piece of art--it's so beautiful. It represents everything good that is "modern," or at least what you think of as "modern"--the clean lines, large windows that let it lots of natural light, boxy metal frame, etc. Maybe the building comes across as stale and minimalist to some, but at least it does a good job setting the tone for the art you will be seeing inside.On the other side of the museum is a little moat with stones at the bottom; it's very relaxing just to stare at it while inside the museum.On one side of the museum is the exhibit area and on the other side is the restaurant (called Cafe Modern). I didn't visit the restaurant, so I can't say anything about it. Perhaps that is for a future review, who knows.The spacious and open lobby area of the museum greets you as soon as you step inside. The house lighting is very minimal because of the large windows that let all that wonderful natural light in. Now back to that aforementioned moat--the lobby overlooks the moat and the little ground area with those metallic trees. (They really looked like leave-less trees from a distance; I initially didn't know they were fake. But they're really cool to look at.) It's a beautiful sight.Now to the art--since I'm a student it only cost $4 (I visited in late May 2012). Awesome! General admission is $10.The works on permanent display were very memorable, though I personally didn't understand some of them (the stainless steel and pink plexiglass display attached to the wall being one of the more perplexing ones). There were works by more familiar names (Warhol, Lichtenstein, Pollock) that even less in-the-know patrons like myself could recognize.The day that me and my friends visited was a relatively quiet day. Therefore, we could really enjoy and take in the art. What's great about the museum is that there the rooms are spacious and the curator(s) is good about not putting too many works on one wall or in one room. Everything about our visit was very relaxing--the art, the space, the atmosphere, even the staff was nice and totally not stuck up or up tight.The museum also had some of Mapplethorpe's controversial photography on display, but they put a sign at the entrance to the room to tell parents and teachers about the nature of the content before choosing whether or not to let their kids see. I don't know if it's common for museums to put up similar signs, but, if not, it was nice of the Modern to think about that.Fort Worth people are so cool when it comes to supporting the arts--there never seems to be a lack of interest and/or funding for the arts! The Modern Art Museum is just another example of this. Regardless if modern art is your cup of tea, this is still a museum to visit, if only once. And it's definitely a museum all residents of Fort Worth can be really proud of.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,9/27/2012,33,41,3,7,5>I've been thinking about it for awhile, RSFM, and I have decided I love you a little. You always have ripe and inexpensive giant Mexican Avocados. That totally satisfies my daily requirement of guacamole. Local tomatoes? Check! Squash and sweet potatoes? Check! Local honey for my poor nose? Check! Basically, I can meet all of my veggie needs with mostly local produce for way less money than my grocery store and that makes my fruit bowl look pretty, keep my little family healthy and I feel like a better mom. You help me compensate really well.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,9/26/2012,273,298,,7,4>This is one of my favorite Denton bars. Its a pool hall, restaurant, gaming, and bar combo. RT's is located in an unassuming shopping-center style building. RT's is 21 and up so you'll normally be greeted by a door guy asking for your ID. Most of the time in this area, you have to have your ID regardless of if you are 21 or 61. Denton bars often require a free "membership" to be able to consume alcohol at the establishment. Inside RT's, you'll find 4 or 5 pool tables, game tops, dart boards, a golf game, shuffleboard, and skee ball. There isn't a waitstaff, so you'll need to go to the bar to order drinks and food. The small, American-food focused menu may not look like much, but RT's has, hands down, the best food Denton. I'll start off with the Trey's Wings. The spicy, BBQ wings come smothered in an amazing house made sauce and covered in melted onions. The Western Burger is a giant, perfectly cooked beef patty topped with BBQ sauce and one, large onion ring. Chips are cooked in house. The jalapeno poppers aren't the frozen ones that are found in so many restaurants. They are large, cheese-stuffed, hand battered, fried peppers served with a side of ranch dressing. And the steak fingers...so good. The only frozen food that exists at RT's is the tater tots. The kitchen closes at 10pm. The bartenders here are amazing. Service is great. Drinks are reasonably priced. The bar plays important sports games over the TVs and speaker system as well as offering an internet jukebox. You can smoke in this bar. But, rumor has it that RT's will soon be expanding and possibly adding a non-smoking section. There is also a nice, gated patio area equipped with heaters and a game top. There is a good mix of bar patrons at RT's. Even though the bar is a few minutes from two most popular bar areas in Denton, it is worth the trip over there. Go for the food and stay for the drinks.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,9/25/2012,103,100,,9,4>It's not very often that a place opens up and is put together as well as Live Oak from day one.I got to go to the official opening last night after much anticipation and was completely amazed by the place. Sure, they have a hiccup or two to work out, but that's to be expected. The Live Oak boasts a full bar with an impressive 50 taps, all adorned with a custom-made tap handle from nearby SiNaCa Studios. While I love this idea, they still have some challenges in implementing it, as it's difficult for both the patrons and the bar staff to identify what tap belongs to what beer when the paper list that explains it keeps walking off. Word is that there will be a chalkboard set up with a list of beers corresponding to the number that you give the bartender when you order.I didn't get to go to the opening night show, but I had the chance to go to a soft opening show during Arts Goggle, and look forward to seeing many, many shows here. The setting is intimate, the sound is great, and it's nonsmoking inside.There's a bar on the sprawling rooftop patio as well with a more limited selection of draughts.But this is the genius behind this place - while it's sure to make a big splash in bringing some new national touring shows to a great, nonsmoking venue that heretofore would have skipped right over The Fort, there's plenty of reason to stop by any day, whether there's a show or not. A great selection of drinks, food to come soon, in a great atmosphere.  It seems to be a place that is as focused on being a part of the community as it is creating it. Very excited to have this on Magnolia.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/24/2012,76,65,,6,6>Get here early! Small place so it fills up quickly especially on Sunday mornings. And watch out for the big grate drain as you enter the parking lot. Seems like a big liability  which I'm surprised the city has not erected some rails or border around it. Decided to come to this place based on Yelp reviews and the OWC's own website. Now that I've been to OWC and seen its rustic charm, I'm more impressed with the website. i love it when businesses present a quality website w full menu, hours, etc. Too often this is overlooked or very poorly done w no maintenance or updates.Back to the food and service.We went early, around 815ish, and were able to get one of about 5-6 open tables. It filled up not long after we got there.Service for drinks was quick and delivered by a friendly waitress. There were a good number of staff and it got packed so if you're picky on where you sit, avoid the higher traffic areas bc there will be a constant flow of bodies moving. All the tables seemed to be attended to very quickly w multiple people serving drinks, delivering food, and picking up empty plates. Good team work!Like I mentioned, the website has a good menu which I checked out along with reading Yelp reviews. French toast and coconut pancakes were definitely on the shortlist. They do have a Healthy Choice (HC) section of their menu which was great. In addition to the Healthy Choice options, the menu is nicely arranged with different categories like Omelette's, Texican Specialties, Gravy Train (Biscuits N'Gravy), Flapjacks, French Toast, and so on. Think Cheesecake Factory menu, but not as overwhelming.My wife ordered the HC #4 Cowboy 2 scrambled egg whites or beaters, 2 turkey bacon or sausage, wheat toast, & 1 side.....7.49 OWC Panhandler - An open-faced biscuit topped with fried potatoes, covered with sausage gravy, 3 scrambled eggs & cheddar-jack on top.....7.99. This was very good and well priced.  I also ordered a side of the French Toast w Cinnamon Crisp batter. OMG! Best FT I've ever had. Im a FT fan and will order it as a side just to see how it ranks vs my prior #1, Moulin Rouge FT from a place in Valencia, CA that has since closed. THIS is my new #1, and I only had 2 small pieces.Tom sum it up, good service, small place that can get crowded, excellent food and excellent value. We will be back for sure. I need to try their Coconut Pancakes and more French Toast.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,9/23/2012,140,199,2,20,3>TWU is a public school with a private feel without the private university's high tuition cost.  I had some reservations about coming here -- I mean, a school full of women??  No thanks! -- but the school has really grown on me since attending my first class in August of 2010.Since it's such a small school, don't be surprised if your professors know you by name during the 2nd or 3rd week of the semester.  (Yes!  They attempt to get to know you!!)  The majority of the profs I've had in traditional class settings have, I feel, been qualified to teach their given subjects.  Online?  Well, let's just say that I've had one professor who made me want to TP her house.  Aside from that, you can really get one-on-one time here with the educators and you're able to build relationships with them -- which will become important when you come asking for a grad school letter of recommendation!Texas Woman's (or T-Dub as the student population lovingly calls the school) is known for it's nursing, health sciences and liberal arts programs.  Their business school is the youngest, and least established of all programs, but continues to grow and create a name for itself.LOVE their library.  It is the most gorgeous thing I have seen.  Downstairs is for group study so if you want silence, go upstairs.  The higher you go, the quieter it is.  They supposedly have Quiet Nazis.Veterans:  I don't know if there is an active veteran club on campus (I should probably join if there is) but TWU is one of the friendliest schools for vets.  A lot of my credits from my military days transferred over w/o a glitch.  The VA rep is approachable and he is able to relate to your problems as, duh, he's a vet also.  He's not always in his office but he'll reply to email as soon as he can.  It's such a small school that he'll probably eventually know you by name if you come in enough (like I do).The campus is safe.  This I can assure you!!  I mean, it's a university that is 95% women (don't quote me on that percentage) -- they'd have to be stupid not to make this campus safe!!  At night, I feel 100% comfortable walking to my car alone because the campus is VERY VERY well lit.  Plus the campus cops are always patrolling and there is an emergency call-button you can press anytime which immediately alerts campus PD.Speaking of campus PD...  They are *the* most finicky cops I have ever come across.  I've never received more parking tickets in my LIFE until I enrolled at TWU.  They are ruthless so watch where you park.They just built a new gym.  And it's BEAUTIFUL!!!  There is also rock climbing wall.  :)I second one reviewer -- school spirit here is loooow!  But they do have an active Greek life so if you're into that, you can find it here.Gorgeous campus.  Very helpful staff and faculty who actually care about you.  Laid back atmosphere.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,9/22/2012,135,469,,5,1>My honey and I and another couple we are friends with went for dinner late one Saturday not too long ago and had a great meal.  At first the greeter thought we might have a bit of a wait but it ended up being only about two minutes.  The restaurant has a homey feel, as it's separated into mini-rooms. Our miniroom had only one or two other tables in it.  Our server was friendly and pretty attentive.We all had the potato sausage soup with our meals and we all really liked it.  I think for me it was one of the highlights of the meal.  It's not a cream based potato soup like I was expecting but a broth based, but the flavor was excellent. As far as entrees go,  I ordered the Munich sausage dinner which came with a weisswurst, a bratwurst, sauerkraut, spaetzle, potato salad and pan fried potatoes.  It was a lot of food and it was all good.  The fried potatoes weren't as good as those I had in Germany but were better than I've had at several other places in the US and a TON better than those at Bavarian Grill in Plano.  I really liked the spaetzle, it had a very subtle flavor but was very enjoyable.My honey ordered the 'German style beef steak' dinner which really should be called 'German style meat ball' as that is what it is - a giant meatball.  The flavor was delicious though, not at all like that monstrosity we call meatloaf and not like an italian style meatball either.  I might order it myself sometime.My friends both ordered the chicken schnitzel dinner and they seemed very happy with it though they said they probably should have only ordered one and split it since portions are so large. I think they said the chicken dinner came with some sort of sweet apple side dish under the chicken.  SO I might order that next time too because I like sweet apple stuff.We didn't get to dessert, mainly because we were stuffed but also because we dawdled over our social meal and soon we realized it was closing time (they didn't usher us out or anything but we felt bad for keeping them late).So to sum up - a pretty good place to have German food.  It doesn't compare to what I had in Germany per se but nothing here really does.  It's the best I've found in the area so far, though I plan on trying the other German restaurants around here as well.Update - came back for lunch and had the pork cordon bleu - I loved it!  The breading was very thin but very crisp.  We also split an apple strudel for dessert.  It was really more like a bread pudding than what I think of as a strudel (maybe this is more authentic and I don't know what a strudel really is, I'm not sure!)  It was very good, heavy on the caramel though.  It was HUGE.  Really 3 people's worth more than 2, we couldn't finish it.  Our waitress at lunch was wonderful.  Only problem was, service was very relaxed (European style) - too much so for a normal lunch break, I think we were there close to 90 minutes.  Luckily we weren't in a huge hurry that day but I'd be wary of coming here for lunch when in a hurry.Update 2 - the lunch menu is kind of confusing.  The prices on the lunch menu I think are the dinner prices, because we always seem to get charged just $6.95 for anything on the lunch menu when we come at lunch.  It took me awhile to figure this out.  We pretty much come here for lunch almost once a week, it isn't always as slow as it was that first lunch.  This is my new favorite lunch place.  I am upping my rating to 5 stars based on it being a wonderful place to get a huge, delicious lunch for not too much money.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,9/21/2012,31,111,,5,2>I have been meaning to try La Gondola for a while now but since my husband doesn't do carbs, its not been high on our list!Well we finally tried it.  Its pleasant inside, we were seated quickly.  The garlic bread that came with the water was yummy!  But the service was way slow!  No idea why, but it took a while to order, a long time to get our salad and then a big wait for the entree.The salad was fine (very simple).  My shrimp scampi linguini was super yummy!  High quality shrimp, no annoying tails, good sauce.  My husband got the chicken parm with veggies and said it was one of the better chicken parms he has had.  Each dish was around $15.Overall a success but I really hope the service is faster next tim.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/20/2012,61,214,,3,2>I have to say I tried this place because of all the great reviews. Good job to all those who have reviewed this place. I told the Manager/Owner (Not sure which, but he seemed to be in charge) that we were there because of the reviews. He said they try to keep up with them online; so know that your comments are being read and he told me to make sure I added in my comments when I had a chance. As a Musical lover the name of this place of course brought music of West Side Story to mind as we drove to the cafe. Humming, When you're a Jet you're a Jet all the way.... No Jets or Sharks in sight waiting for a rumble, but the place is homey, large, clean and down right Texan Aviator in decor. We arrived during the lunch rush about 12:15 on Monday, but our minds were focused on breakfast. My roommate and I both chose the Steak & Eggs, with hash browns and choice of toast or biscuit. I chose the biscuit with a side of Texas white gravy which made me happy because they don't put pork in their gravy. Our eggs were done to perfection, mine over easy, my roommates over well, steaks were tender, tasty and done to perfection as well. There was just the right amount of food.Service during the rush was excellent. We hadn't even taken a bite when the guy who appeared to be the owner or manager asked us how it looked. Great of course! We were also asked several times by other staff how the food was, great!!! Neither of us had to wait for refills of coffee or ice tea they were right on the spot. There were more than enough wait staff and all were pleasant, helpful and cheerful. We asked to look over the menu as we ate since we were really focused on ordering our meal then gave them back the menu right away. We looked over the menu to see what other items we might enjoy. With all the rush they were more than happy to answer our questions about the items on their menu even though we were almost finished with our meal and others were still being served. We were happy to find out that the meatloaf is made with beef and no pork. Lots of items we would like to try on our next few visits. Prices are very inexpensive, and they are open for Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner. If you want fancy food, don't eat here, if you want good down home cooking with friendly service this is your place!Oh my, Oh my! So many restaurants and only one tummy! We will definitely go back!!!!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,9/19/2012,82,91,6,3,1>Sam Won? No, I won for eating here about 5x already.Best Korean food in Ft Worth and maybe the only Korean restaurant in town. Juicy, flavorful galbi and spicy bulgolgi. Excellent seafood pancake and soups chigaes. Lots of side dishes with certain entrees for variety lovers.Drooling as I type this. I better stop before I ruin my computer!!!!!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,9/18/2012,132,36,,5,4>I love this restaurant! I've eaten here on my birthday for the past two years and it's always been great. The decor could use some updating and while the boss Albert is a friendly guy, he really does need to implement a more structural boss attitude and stop yelling at the servers in front of the customers. But this review is about the food... who cares about Albert right?Get the crab fried rice if you have at least 4 or more people with you! It's my favorite dish, and it will set you back $38 which is not bad given the portion they dish out. Orange beef is good with the rice and the peking duck is oh so delicious! Their peking duck is one of the best I've ever had, hands down! I've eaten their dim sum before and it was good... passable for Arlington. Service can be a hit or miss sometimes and I'll have to stand around for a really long time looking for the waiter but I'll still always come back for the food in the end :)
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/17/2012,60,126,,4,2>Main Street Cafe is tucked away in the back parking lot of another building off Cooper St.  How it got its name or stays in business, I have no idea.  Either way, I've been eating here for years and love it.  There's both breakfast and lunch.  Lunch is good, but I have a penchant for eating breakfast all day, so I get breakfast most of the time.  The omelets are very good and the home fries are great.  The coffee isn't the best, but it flows as much as you could need.  Prices are just right.Service is very good and is family run.  Consistent and friendly.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,9/16/2012,16,68,4,1,5>Okay, listen.  I'm a smoker and I am not ashamed.  I smoke when I'm sober, but I'm a dang chimney when you get a beer in my hand.  At the Chat Room, it is okay for me to be a dang chimney.  If you ain't into that kinda scene, find another place.  I'm also into dives, and this is pretty divey.  It's relaxed, the beers are cheap, and the barkeeps friendly.  When I came here, a gentleman was holding a memorial for his dog and had pasted/painted/somehow affixed a picture of the dog to the center of one of the tables and everyone stayed off it out of respect.  It's that kinda place.Also, they had Apples to Apples.  Real chill.  I dug.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,9/15/2012,38,78,,3,3>Service is still King!!!This update will be the catalyst of my updated reviewing method.  I just watched this new show on the Food network, "Restaurant Stakeout" and it really opened my eyes.  I was so struck by what I saw in this show, it compelled me to write this update for this particular location of Texas Roadhouse.My whole career I have been in the customer service arena either directly or indirectly.  Y'all might have noticed that I give a lot of 4 and 5 stars to places.  That stops now unless the place really deserves it like this particular Texas Roadhouse.  I was so illuminated by Restaurant Stakeout, that changed my whole perspective of how I Yelp.  Before I would let customer service slide here and there if their food made up the difference.  No longer.  There is absolutely no excuse for poor customer service and my reviews will start reflecting that.My wife and I frequent this Roadhouse often and each time, the service is Outstanding.  At least when we go, the place is always busy so I would imagine that this place is doing quite well and you have to credit that to their Superior customer service.  From the hostesses that greet you when you enter and their friendly farewells when you leave, we are never disappointing.  This particular visit I decided to try their bone-in rib-eye; it was very over done.  When I mentioned this to our waiter as I cut into it, he did not hesitate to get me another steak.  A few minutes one of the managers came out to apologize and said that it was definitely a bad steak.  So the next one they brought out was perfectly cooked medium-rare as ordered.  Now I can't speak to what went on behind the scenes, whether they cussed me out in the back, etc.  Regardless, at face value they were all smiles and I never once got the feeling that I was an inconvenience to them.  In short they treated me like a King.So this Roadhouse keeps it's 5 star rating because they have consistently great food and Superior customer service.There is no reason why any restaurant should not treat their customer's like this place does and if they don't, well watch Restaurant Stakeout on Food Network.  Even if it is a TV show and some of it might be staged, etc, their message is clear: Customer service is King!!!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/14/2012,55,94,2,6,5>I have never been more thankful that God made a second stomach for desserts than I have been when I have visited this cookie shop. Blue Bell ice cream between two fresh cookies? Um, yes please.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,9/12/2012,132,138,1,7,4>I'm so happy to know that if i want really good cajun or lao food that i don't have to drive far anymore!!! Its a charming hole in the wall with great service and cool art on the walls. They have Laos/viet dishes here too! yipee! I've been here a few times now and everything i've ordered has been freaking delicious. If you order the boiled shrimp or crawfish, make sure to get the Twisted Lip level of spice...if you like spicy of course...but its also garlicky and buttery. YUM! BBQ shrimp is awesome. boudin eggrolls are a MUST. and try the shrimp tacos! I've also had their Kow Piek, and Pho which are so perfect on a sunday lazyday. oh gosh and do NOT FORGET to order the Laos sausage...they are so good!!!Can't wait to come back and get my spicy seafood fix!!!Btw ... right now its still BYOB!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2012,9/11/2012,12,66,,4,2>Alright so I've been back a few times since initial experience. Dropping the stars down to 3. I was able to pay attention to a few things this time that I overlooked last time. The other reviews that comment on their service. I can agree with them. Service lacks. I still like the bento boxes but going without a Groupon isn't advisable. Perhaps I was so digging on this place the first time because I didn't really pay out of pocket and "free" food always tastes better. The sushi is still okay. Not the best but better than a lot of places around here (Arlington). I still enjoy the private seating. That is nice. The spicy chicken is true to its word. My husband didn't like the kim chi. So a 3 star after much experience with this place.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,9/10/2012,60,154,,3,2>What an interesting place! A spacious and industrial looking restaurant wrapped with a gas station gift wrap. The menu is also pretty interesting! Just when you are convinced this is a typical American comfort food diner, then you found unusual ingredients, such as escargots and oxtails. Whatever one may think this place belong to, the Chef Point Cafe must did it right. It was a full house on a weekday night, and we were happy as clams with our orders.   At first, we were slightly skeptical when ordered the oxtails, however, the skepticism didn't last long. Those delicious goodies were  cooked to perfection, with great flavors and buttery texture. On the better than sex chicken,  the name already says it all. It really has been a while since I had a piece of fried chicken was that crispy and juicy at the same time. BTW, the dish portion here is huge!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,9/9/2012,59,320,,6,3>We found Alsbury somewhat by accident - we had a serious situation and the 2nd closest vet was too busy to see our dog. They referred us to Alsbury. We saw Dr. Camp who we LOVE LOVE LOVE. He's a straight shooter but very compassionate. The local vet wanted $600 minimum and a battery of tests and we disagreed (we ran a dog rescue and have LOTS of experience with pet care). Dr. Camp had the same assessment as the emergency vet we had seen the night before and was just a consummate professional. They saw us with no appointment, while they were short staffed and just made us feel better about the whole situation.The office staff is very nice. We had such a great experience that we decided to make Dr. Camp our primary vet. It's 3 times as far as the local vet, but having someone you trust makes all the difference.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2012,9/8/2012,57,255,,4,2>I used to live around this area which doesn't have too many breakfast places that I could dine at. So I was glad when I found out about Bluebonnet Cafe. When you walk into the restaurant, you will find the walls decorated with tons of pictures. They can keep you entertained while you are waiting for your food to come out. I went with my family here for the first time a few years back and at that time, we didn't really know what to order. We decided to order the chicken fried steak meal for the each of us. Our waitress actually discouraged us from doing that but we persisted and believed we can eat a lot. Boy, we were wrong. The meals here are large so listen to the waitress when she says the entrees are huge. I came back a few times and ordered something different each time. Overall, nice atmosphere and large portions.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,9/7/2012,111,121,4,5,2>This restaurant is remarkably close to my University, and is a huge hit among most of my colleagues. Terra Mediterranean Grill serves hot & cold Greek and Lebanese food, although the cuisine tends to lean more toward Lebanese and Arabic than Greek. The tabouli, hommous and garlic paste (strangely placed next to the fruit bowl) is remarkably good, especially paired with the hot qoubous (aka pita bread) and the zatar bread. The roast chicken is a crowd-pleaser, as are the kebabs and saffron chicken. Soft Drinks are included in the buffet. I would highly suggest going to Terra during lunch only, since the buffet is delicious and has good value, and since the dinner menu is almost identical to the items on offer during the lunch buffet. Great place for lunch, but come early as there tends to be a wait.PS: Take out is approx $11 per pound. Make it count.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,9/6/2012,27,40,5,5,7>The dream of the 90's is alive at the Where House. I don't know how this place exists, but it is a great concept. Essentially a giant, run down warehouse where the owner hosts hot, sweaty concerts and parties. It is only open when they have parties, which you have to find out about through posters or on their facebook page. They have some amazing bands come through and also host a lot of local musicians. There is a funky outdoor space in the back and a rockin' good dance floor, and they throw themed parties that are incredibly creative (such as a Tim Burton night a few months ago). It is definitely a mix and mingle of hipsters, punk rockers, underagers (they are 18+) and randoms -- probably one of the most interesting places in Fort Worth. I almost don't want to tell you too much about it for fear that it will get ruined and exposed.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,9/5/2012,53,93,1,3,3>Winslow's in my favorite spot in Fort Worth. Used to be Ellerbe Fine Foods, but that's another story. What I love about Winslow's is the vibe (intimate & warm), the food & the wine list. All are pretty close to fantastic. It's a great place to chill with girlfriends or to get romantic with your someone special. The patio is awesome. The fit pit is super inviting and those blankets they drape over the chairs are such a classy touch.Winslow's does a very good job with the arrangement of their wine list. It's not too long of a list, but rather just long enough. They have great descriptions like "nose redolent of cherries, spice and coffee leading to a long, structured finish" that get me every time.When a spot calls itself a WINE cafe, you might assume that the food takes a back seat to the vino, but you'd be wrong in assuming this about Winslow's. The food is really GOOD. I can vouch for the cheese board, hummus, pizzas, scallops and lobster ravioli. Also, I recommend ordering the house salad WITH the quail egg and a pot of their French press coffee with dessert.I could subtract a star for the service being a little slow after 7pm on a Saturday night, but I won't because I know they're doing their absolute best to keep things moving along. PS: Be sure you take the time to read the story about the Navajo woman on the wall of the women's restroom. :)
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/4/2012,73,357,,5,4>We came back for Karaoke and BOGO entree Thursdays.  People were rockin' it on karaoke to the point that there was no way I was going up there! They were good- everyone was singing like old Motown songs and KILLING IT.  It was entertaining.  There was also a birthday party going on and they gave us some of their cake! And the BOGO entrees are a great deal, although the eggplant rollatinis weren't quite hot all that way through and could have mabye had one less rollatini and a side veggie or pasta.  It was a pretty fun time and I got to Wobble which is always a plus!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,9/3/2012,97,79,2,4,3>Love does not begin to express my feelings about this place. It is everything I think a neightborhood bar should be. It has...-- A smoke-free environment inside-- Friendly bar staff-- A close but not crowded space inside-- A good, cheap drink option that is NOT a special (in other words, I can afford this place even if it's no longer happy hour)-- A welcoming attitude toward Night Riders (woohoo, bikes!)
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,9/2/2012,38,62,,5,2>90% of the time they do an excellent job and the new management is really customer service oriented. The only issue I ever have is they dont always do a great job on the wheels, so inspect them before you leave  They now do hail damage repair as well and their detailing service is top notch at a reasonable rate.Support this local business.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,9/1/2012,199,200,,5,2>IHOP is right across the street from me, but I opt to driving about 10 miles and waiting 20-35 mins for a table at Oldwest for breakfast.They have a pretty comprehensive menu. I have yet to try their lunch stuff, but all the breakfast stuff I've had so far has been good. The Papis Huevos are my favorite and believe me, I was bracing myself when I tried these. The refried beans are good and the crispy tortilla with the chorizo and eggs were the bomb.I definitely recommend checking this place out for breakfast if you're in mid-cities. It's clean and affordable, and tasty.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2012,8/31/2012,23,70,,4,3>I think the price vs quality ratio is a bit off here.  Beautiful space and romantic feeling.  I LOVE the gnocchi della mama.  But there is absolutely no reason for it to cost $20.  I make this out of potatoes, flour, egg and salt.  Not much labor, either.  Gorgonzola is not cheap, but there is just a smidgen in this dish.  The antipasti bar could be great.  They have beets with hazelnuts, a combination I love, however, they use canned beets. The broccoli rabe is good.  I think it's $9 for 6 items from the antipasti bar and the server does the scooping. An item could be a sprig of rabe.  If we aren't feeling fancy, my husband and I like to go to the casual pizza side and sit on the patio for pizza and wine.  They make a mean meaty Sicilian pizza and I think you can get it "supremed".
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2012,8/30/2012,34,293,,4,4>It's always good to find a solid lunch venue where you can escape reasonably for under $10.  This place gets popular on Fridays in March, partly due to folks of the Catholic persuasion seeking fish entrees instead of "meat."  I sometimes intentionally get a hamburger, just to prove that I don't follow that tradition.  However, Big Fish does offer a fried shrimp basket for $5.99 and reasonably priced fish entrees for those who do observe "fish-only Fridays."Anyway, I think this place is also pretty good for winding down with a cold one, as they seem to offer a decent selection of beers.  The vibe there is super-casual but very comfortable and the decor is old-school.  They are currently running crawfish specials as this is written.  I guess it is kind of like being transported to a bar and grill you would be likely to find on the gulf-coast.  Big Fish is good stuff.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/29/2012,65,44,,3,4>Great food! Definitely try the chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes. They also serve jalapeno cornbread and biscuits. Also recommend the patio seating that overlooks downtown Ft. Worth. I loved that there was complimentary valet because parking can be tough downtown.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/28/2012,15,49,,10,6>We came here based an yelp reviews and they didn't let us down.  This place is fantastic.  We started with the spring rolls and they were very fresh and authentic.  For main dishes we had the crispy lemon butter chicken and the crispy potatoes with beef. The chicken dish was wonderful it was crispy, lemony and very fresh tasting.  It came with a side of vegetable medley and those were very well seasoned.  The crispy potatoes and beef was equally wonderful.  The potatoes were thin and crunchy and everything was tossed lightly in a tasty sauce (even with the sauce the potatoes were still crunchy!) The staff was very friendly and attentive. He even took the time to chat with us for several minutes.  Just a warning if you order soda it comes in a can.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,8/27/2012,201,579,,6,4>This is the place to go for some of the best fajita beef and chicken around. Just throw it on your grill and you will be in heaven. I believe they even sell the spice mixture they use.They have some really great produce including several varieties of chili peppers and all types of breads and pasteries. All sorts of dried spices and a little taco stand inside by the deli area.It's your typical grocery store with all the normal items as well. Some items are a little pricey but overall it is a great little store.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,8/26/2012,88,258,,10,6>So I drove out to Pura Vida when their phone was mysteriously disconnected and found my formerly beloved nail salon shut down. Whomp wah!Thanks to Yelp, I found the great reviews of Renata and decided to give it a shot. My spring break is coming to an end and I decided it was time for a massage and maybe even getting my nails done.Renata offers the awesome "Mellow Merlot" package that includes manicure, pedicure, and 60 minute massage.  I arrived and got a calming massage from Jill in the gorgeous upstairs half of this Victorian era home, but not before she poured me an extremely generous glass of red wine. After my massage, I headed downstairs and was SO happy to find the awesome nail tech  Patricia from Pura Vida! She moved up and out when the new (and short lived) owners took over Pura Vida and went to Renata. This girl can do a gel french manicure like no other.So, with my body more relaxed, my nails prettier, and my toes sparklier, I'm ready to face the last chunk of the school year. Thanks Renata for picking up where Pura Vida left off - I've found my new nail salon!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,8/25/2012,14,195,,2,3>We stopped for lunch one day, on the spur of the moment because we had heard good things about Winewood.  The good words were deserved.We enjoyed our leisurely meal.  The restaurant was not crowded, and most of the patrons appeared to be local business people.Service was fine and not overbearing.My salmon and broccoli were good.  Salmon was moist and not overdone.  Broccoli was cooked just right.   His pork chop in bourbon sauce quickly disappeared and he also enjoyed the broccoli.  We both joined the clean plate club.  No bread.  No salad.  Not huge portions.  But just right.  Our bill was just over $30.I would have given this restaurant a 3.5 if I had the choice, but opted to go higher rather than lower because of the ambiance.  Winewood is a nice place to comfortably enjoy a meal and sit and chat, at least when the restaurant is not crowded.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,8/24/2012,332,311,,6,2>I finally got around to trying out this new restaurant in the uber-competitive Southlake area.  I must admit I was apprehensive after reading the number of bad reviews, but I am happy to say that my experience was good, if not great.I went for lunch and sat at the bar.  A very friendly and helpful bartender, Lindsey, walked me through the menu.  She also explained when I wanted a pizza that they take about 25 minutes.  Yes, I know other people have complained about the wait, but this is not Papa Johns Pizza.  My pizza, the red potato pie,  was obviously hand-made, beautiful and a great combination of favors.  The crust is a bit thick, which may account for me not being able to finish the smallest size myself.They have 20+ beers on tap and a fridge full of beers; this place could be the best beer selection in the area.  They have Chimay, Duvall and a couple of ciders that I would love to come back and try some evening.This place was busy - I can imagine the wait is long in the evening.  It is definitely safe for kids, and when it is not the Texas summer (like now) their patio looks inviting.Lindsey explained that this is a franchise of a old chain that has 100 stores.  One of the owners stopped by to ask how much lunch was.  She lives in the area, so it is nice to patronize local business people.  They obviously have sunk a lot of money in renovating the old Baker Bros restaurant that originally was built here.I give the place 4 stars, and may up it on my next visit.  For me,  It was definitely not as bad as some of the reviews have mentioned.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,8/22/2012,206,99,6,7,6>Would love to come back to mama's kitchen. Yes, that's what it felt like when I stepped in. The food is served with love and genuine hospitality. I came in lil' late in the afternoon and was told that they ran out of gumbo. Just my luck. Apparently they close around 4pm so I need to make sure to be there before or right during lunch! But the owners told me not to fret as they would search for some extra, which they did! Spicy and chock-full of crab, crawfish and other goodness. Not the best gumbo ever but it was pretty good. My friend had a gigantic pork chop and it was pretty darn amazing. We tore it up along with the rice and beans. Mann those beans and rice goes hard.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/21/2012,55,166,,2,3>NOM NOM NOM! If you want a greasy salty slab of ground beef with amazing seasoning come here! The black and blue burger is seriously amazing.  Between the blue cheese dressing, the blackened seasoning and the special bun butter OMG its melt in your mouth heaven!  The cheese fries ... COVERED in cheese and automatically served with a side of ranch. This is my kind of place. I will say ... they don't have alot of variety so don't come if you want to pick from a list of 20 cheeses or add chili to your burger.  This is simple and done right.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,8/20/2012,69,32,,5,3>The Abbey Underground is a basement bar and occasional music venue right off the main Square in Denton. It used to be the Boiler Room but recently was taken over by the restaurant above.The first time I stepped into this place, there was a 20 piece band playing big band music. Another night a burlesque show. Another night Opera on Tap. All of these shows were free, allowing people like me who are skeptic of the place to check it out without committing $10-$15. The Abbey Underground is really developing itself as a serious music and performance venue, tapping into local talent.In addition to the music venue, the bar has pool tables / booths in the back for people just wanting to enjoy a drink with friends. The bar is fully stocked, with a good selection of beer on tap. You can also order food from the restaurant above. The Scotch Eggs or Fish & Chips are great for appetizers.The only cons: It can get pretty smokey in there and often during busy nights they seem understaffed.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2012,8/19/2012,32,103,4,4,1>This place is fancyyyy. Pinky-in-the-air-drinking-tea kinda fancy.My sister had a Groupon to this place so we came here during the lunching hours. The guy working the counter, who I assume is the same guy the other yelpers talked about, wasn't rude at all. We took a while to look at the choices that was offered on the menu.There was soups, salads, paninis, sandwiches, and of course baked goods. The baked goods were in a display case at the front counter and the display looked delicious. I wish I had taken a picture of it.After we ordered, we sat down at the tables to wait for our food. When our food was ready, the guy brought it over to us and thanked us for coming in.The sandwich order came with a sliver of pickle, a little cache of potato chips (decent), and a mini muffin (which by the way is delicious). The salad came with the mini muffin as well.The food was decent, but I wouldn't have come here without a Groupon.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/18/2012,42,63,,7,4>Hands down the best Indian restaurant in DFW. I only come for the lunch buffet - it's $15 exact (after tax, before tip) for two people. You must try the veggie balls, chicken tikka masala, rice, samosas, and the beef and mushroom (curry?). My absolute favorites are the chicken tikka masala and the rice pudding for dessert. DELICIOUS!The staff are very friendly and super helpful. Our water glasses are constantly re-filled.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,8/17/2012,29,102,1,7,3>Hadn't been here in a while. Previous experiences were just so-so. Typical bar food, with a nice little bar. Friendly servers. Nice local feel. We tried again for dinner and were really impressed with the experience. Same friendly service and cozy bar. In fact we sat at the bar and were served there. We started with the serrano kickers. Bacon wrapped serrano peppers stuffed with cheese. $1.00 each. So good. Hot and smoky. I'm still trying to figure out how they got the cheese into such a tiny pepper.We also ordered the Manny burger. It was their basic burger, but our waitress asked what we wanted on it, could add any and all ingredients for the same price. Which was $9.95, so we said "everything on it". This burger came out at least 6 inches tall. Served on Texas toast, which I skipped because it was really too flimsy for a burger this size and who eats Texas toast on such a huge burger?? Or on any burger really? But i'm not ever very interested in the bread. The burger and toppings were great. The meat was cooked medium, good flavor, but it was a little dry. But it was covered in melted cheese, with bacon  and mushrooms, so that helped. Bacon truly does make everything better. And their bacon was thick slices, perfectly fried. Have I said how much I love bacon? And that theirs is good?. OK - just making that clear. It came with their homemade chips which were so good. Salty and fried to a yummy nongreasy crunch.  It was a little pricey for a burger, but it was a pretty generously sized burger. With the chips, we split it and still couldn't finish. We drank the house pinot and cabernet, both of which were decent.We will definitely be back. Hoping to catch them on a live music night.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/16/2012,423,452,1,7,9>OMG AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. I came here with my friends after a school meeting and my girl, Michelle convinced me to order the "Back Breaker" from Lee's. I was a little hesitant at first but as soon as I saw that sandwich, it was love at first sight. The "Back Breaker" is a grilled cheese sandwich that consists of mouth-watering BBQ pulled pork and cheesy cheesy mac n' cheese. Heaven in between two slices of bread. No need to think twice about ordering anything else... This sandwich is pure perfection.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/15/2012,43,90,,14,9>So I'm going to give Witten's another review.  After my initial review, I was promptly contacted by management/owners apologizing for my previous visit.  I like that.  They identified the issues I had, offered a solution and even offered a free dinner and pool and best of all, invited me back.I am not the type of customer who complains about something hoping I will get something free.  So I stopped in again last night but didn't seek out management or anything.  Just a customer....at a business.I must say, I had a much better experience.  The beers came quick, they were super cold, they had some good content on TV, staff was friendly, attentive and best of all....prompt.  Got some grub....and it pretty much is some of the best bar food you can get.  I mentioned the onion rings in my first review being good.  They are awesome.  The other food items I got were very good as well.I can definitely tell this business wants to be successful.  I really do like their layout.  Big bar, lots of pool tables, sprts jerseys, etc....They have taken my feedback and made some immediate improvements.  They are definitely listening to their customers feedback and my second visit was enough to warrant another one.Thanks to Wittens for turning a bad experience into a good one.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,8/14/2012,474,618,5,8,6>Already my favorite spot in Ft. Worth. It's been open 4 days and I have been twice. And I cannot even wait for summertime. I'm sure I will be camped out on the patio all the time.First, the open air building makes for a very relaxing atmosphere on a beautiful day. It's really nice, yet casual. The staff was beyond nice and accommodating on both trips in and let us leisurely enjoy our time at the Woodshed. They were the right amount of attentive and laid back.  Second, the food! The food! I'm going to sound like the animal of the day when I tell you how much I ate in my two trips here. Crispy potatoes, mexican corn (OMG!!!!), tortillas and camp bread, smoked almonds, Bulgogi tacos and the pork "bahn mi" tacos. Everything was outstanding. I can't even begin to pick a favorite. All I can say is don't pig out like I did so you have room for the blackberry cobbler. Heavenly!Third, beer + music + patio. 'Nuff said. Even my toddler enjoyed dancing around to the live band. I appreciated the family friendly atmosphere. It's hard to find places both adults and kiddos like. And we all had fun at the Woodshed!***Warning to allergy suffers: if you are as sensitive as I am, take a Zyrtec before hanging out on the patio. I'm not sure what kind of wood is in the fire pits, but the smoke from it had me sneezing for 2 days.  But it's not bad enough to keep me from going here!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,8/13/2012,181,143,7,13,9>Ok, here we go.  I LOVE Trader Joe's.  I discovered them on a trip to South Carolina years ago and frequent them when visiting family in California.  The quality of food is just unbelievable!  If you've never been, picture a Whole Foods, but 1/8 of the size and 1/2 of the price.  They offer about 50-75%+ of "Trader Joe's" Brand items alongside national brands, and although your selection may be smaller for a particular item, you can guarantee that it's the best quality and price for what they're offering, so you don't need a choice.  This store opened this morning and I can literally walk to it from my house, so I did.  It is small at only 12,500 sq. feet and is pretty much a cookie cutter of many other locations.  This morning there were about 150 people standing in line when the ribbon was cut, and after about 45 minutes of being inside (my friend and I were about the 100th in line) it was mad packed.  You literally couldn't turn around without bumping into someone or their shopping cart.  I didn't notice too many extra demos or special price reductions/sales considering it's grand opening.  Everything seemed to be normal priced for the most part.  They have some quirks like produce is per piece and not by the pound, so you'll pay .19 for a banana, when I know you can pay .28 for a pound of bananas at another grocery store down the road.  What I'm curious to know about is where they're sourcing their meat and produce from, as I noticed big trucks sitting outside of the store last night and wondering where their nearest distribution center is.  There's got to be a lot of preservatives in that meat if it's processed elsewhere, unless they process it somewhere in the back?  But there are no full service deli, meat or bakery counters there, so who knows??  The parking lot can maybe hold 60 cars, if that, so parking was a little treacherous as I wondered where the tow trucks were hiding in the nearby shopping centers where everyone else parked.  Give this a couple of weeks to thin out and the excitement will wear off (like In-n-Out) and it will be easy to get into.  I do have one complaint though, and that's the decor inside of the store.  There are murals painted along the walls all around and there are some really pretty Fort Worth scenes, but then there are also several signs that sound pretty "hokey" like they're trying SO hard to be Texan.  We get it, you're not from here, but don't TRY so hard.  You sound like tourists, ha.  Anyway, I'll go back and update this as maybe things wear down, but go for yourself and check it out if you've never been or if you're a transplant and missing it from other places.  You just might want to wait a week for the initial excitement to wear off.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,8/10/2012,43,145,3,8,2>Living in the shadows of such establishments as Joe T's, Uncle Julio's is the Rodney Dangerfield of Tex-Mex in Fort Worth, it gets no respect. While Joe T's will get all the attention, Uncle Julios is where solid Tex-Mex is to be had. For me, their fajitas are where it's at. Doesn't matter if you go with chicken or steak, you will not be disappointed. The meats served are sliced nicely and lathered in butter, served over grilled onions to boot. If you are going in a party with at least 3-4 people, then getting the Gordo Platter is a must. One rack of ribs, your choice of fajitas and topped off with grilled shrimp wrapped in a bacon; if that isn't the definition of heaven, I do not know what is. After eating a Gordo Platter, if you haven't passed into a delightful food coma, have one of their Swirls (a margarita mixed with sangria) to send you on your way. Also note, eating their chips is dangerous. Freshly cooked and hot, you can go through a decent amount before dinner and find out you simply aren't hungry come food time. Do not be afraid of the packed parking lot or long wait list, Uncle J's does a pretty good job of seating you rather quickly in spite of the fact that they are always busy. Living in Fort Worth for nearly 20 years, this is my favorite Tex-Mex place bar none. Let the tourists go to Joe T's and enjoy your Gordo Platter here.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,8/9/2012,22,154,,5,5>Wow. I am not much for BBQ at lunch, but was cruising along 1709 and needed food. Stopped off and it was small town West Texas BBQ, like I grew up on. Flavorful, well prepared meats, plenty for portions. Thank goodness this is far enough from the office that I don't eat here everyday but thank goodness I found it.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,8/8/2012,356,554,,4,4>Wouldn't of known T&P Tavern existed as it is a hidden gem in ft worth!  We walked in and I was amazed.    I loved the light fixtures here.   The ambience is cool.   Reminds me of a diner from which I was told it was a diner before it turned into T&P Tavern.  I love the fact that it is smoke-free environment.  I don't like to smell like an ash tray when I get home.   The food menu is very limited.  You do have to flag someone down to order or go up to the counter to place your order.  I ordered the Albuquerque Turkey Panini with the hatch chillies on the side with Vegge Chips N dip.  Turkey panini was really good and I am glad I got the hatch chilli on the side.  I love the Veggie Chips n Dip.  The dip is made inhouse and it was really tasty!  My friends asked for the dip on the side for their chips!  Oh, the patio is huge and covered!   This is a very casual chill place and can't wait to bring my other friends here.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,8/7/2012,82,285,2,5,2>Of the soup-and-salad joints, this one takes the cake - or brownie muffin... whatever. You enter Sweet Tomatoes AT the salad bar. They usually offer 3-4 signature salads, followed by a typical salad bar. The signature salads are pretty fantastic! There's a premium topping section just beyond the salad bar, adding $2.50 to the total tab of $11 (small drink included). Once you pay at the end of the salad bar, grab a table, fill your drink - they offer a typical soda stand, teas, and a strawberry lemonade that the guys love (keep kicking back that pink drink, men!)Then it's time to get down to business - the real fun of this place happens on the other side of the beverage stand, complete with 8 soups, 2 focaccia breads, baked potatoes, mac n' cheese, corn bread, muffins... and on the other side, soft serve yogurt, pudding, fruit, and brownie muffins, served up nice and hot. The signature soups and salads change every few weeks, so take advantage of seasonal items. Sure sucks to see the three-bean chicken chili go - I'm in LOVE with that stuff. It's all-you-can-eat. And yes, I've tested that suggestion once or twice. It's really good, and given the AYCE suggestion, the price is just fine. The staff work diligently to keep everything stocked and tables bused.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,8/6/2012,55,175,,5,3>Update:  Well, few additional visits, not as stellar as the first.  Good, very good, but not great.  Food not particularly hot, bread crumbly, but still good.  3.5-4 stars on both past visits.Still a great vibe, and the outdoor seating and music is a great addition to the Keller neighborhood, I just hope they continue to focus on food quality, and even adding a few new choices over time.  So, Dave's Battle of the Keller Burgers is now complete....and the winner is?!?!??!BRONSON ROCK BURGERS!!!!Knowing that they were getting dinged on reviews for poor service, I was not sure what to expect.....as much as I hate poor service, still wanted to give Bronson a try after having hit all the other new burger places in Keller.Well, service obviously has been a focus of the management (we will assume based on our YELP reviews :-)  ), as we were greeted at the door as we came in first, as well as having our server at our table with drinks within 2 minutes of our having sat down in the back patio area.  Every staff member we passed as we walked to the patio greeted us.  Our server continued to check on us throughout the meal, refilling drinks, then stopping for a few minutes when we were finished eating to talk about how they have made a number of staff changes to address poor service issues...it appears to have worked - because service was excellent!And the food, more importantly, the burger, is wonderful!!!  Flame kissed, with the flavor of an outdoor grill infused into the meat.  Great fries, and though we didn't try them, the onion rings looked awesome!!!!  Outside sitting in shade under umbrellas, outdoor music stage with music Thursday-Saturday, expanding to include a margarita bar and pool tables....Keller, we have arrived!!!!  This place is going to be P.A.C.K.E.D. this summer, and for good reason!Would hope that as they grow they add a few more burger combinations to the menu (thinking a blue cheese bacon burger, grilled jalapenos, wing sauce....the Big Dave!), but hey, who needs 50 choices when you have a burger with flavor like this?!?!?!?!  Do what you do best....and do it well.   Keep up the great food and service, and remember your customers matter!OK, back to the gym.....
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,8/5/2012,129,254,2,2,3>Friends of mine recommended this place for dancing/ live music, so of course I wanted to give it a try! It's a little out of the way for me, but I would say the overall trip was worth it.  This place was filled with the sound of the live band playing and lots of colored lights when we walked in.  The bars were a little crowded, but it wasn't hard to get drinks (a little pricey, but hey... this is a pretty shwanky place).  There's a really nice outdoor deck area with a bar too, but last night was a teensy bit too cold to fully take advantage of that.The dance floor was spacious and decently lit so you could see the live band and keep an eye out for any crazy cats who were going to twirl into you (oh wait, that was me, in this case - sorry guys!). I really liked the live band (The Klocks) - they played a great variety of music and did a great job with some current pop hits.  When the band was taking breaks/ after the band was done performing, popular dance tracks were played - and the shadow dancers made their debut at this time - oww oww! I must say,  the crowd was a little older than I expected but it was also a night devoted to celebrating Harley Davidson's birthday/ anniversary - and honestly, everyone was having a great time so it don't matta.   All in all - this place is great to go with friends if you want to go to a more mature/ classy place to dance and get away from Dallas' dance scene. Just remember, they have a dress code for this place so it may not be the best place to go on a whim. I'd definitely give this place another go around in the future!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,8/4/2012,243,187,10,12,5>I confess - I'm a sucker for guys with wild blond spiky hair driving vintage, bitchin' Cameros.  No, I don't have a shrine in my house or send them lockets of hair in the mail but I do enjoy what they say about shit-hole restaurants in my area.Weird, huh?  Well....probably not as weird as going to a burger joint 3 days after it appears for the first time on National Television (Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives) and expect it to not be busy.    Then again, I'm middle-aged, married and have no life so while few other events can breach the boundaries of what I consider "the pinnacle of my day", standing in line for the opportunity to purchase something I saw on TV once really ranks up there pretty high.I won't write about the ambience, location, décor, service or any of that crap.   Come here for a good burger.  Period.   If you're looking for pampering or "great service!!",  Bushwood Country Club is right down the street.  (ask for Carl).The menu lists about 10 different kinds of burgers - from the house-favorite CHOP HOUSE BURGER to the 10 PEPPER BURGER and anything in between.   Sides include Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, Cole Slaw and THE BEST Onion Rings I've ever had.    (Note to self : These are THE BEST Onion Rings you've ever had)All burgers are properly grilled on an open flame grill over mesquite wood.   Notice I said "properly" because if it's not cooked over fire, it's not grilled.  Sure - it might be cooked on a flat-top device called a Grill but that is not grilling - that's searing.On this fine day, I ordered the 10-Pepper burger and it came out as expected - a little spicy, a notable taste of peppers, very juicy and loaded with cheese and paper-thin onions.    If I had to find 1 complaint it would be that it was a tad under-seasoned for my taste.  More Salt & Pepper please (cuz we're in effect...).   On the burger I also substituted the home-made Steak Sauce instead of the Tabasco Mayo and it was yummy.    During my next visit  I might order a shot of this sauce to drink because it's so lovely.    Then again, I might not.   The good thing though, is that they sell it by the bottle but I didn't catch the price on it.To say this is the 'BEST BURGER IN TEH METROPLEX!!!1" might work for some.   For others, that might sound like Fightin Words.    It's definitely worth checking out though.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,8/3/2012,257,111,3,8,5>I can't believe this place has such a low rating on Yelp! I love this place! This is a solid 4 stars (in my opinion)When I first walked in, I noticed there were a ton of mexicans eating at a mexican joint... almost always a surefire way of knowing if a place is good and authentic or not. The staff is really nice and even when it's busy, I get my order in 5 minutes or less.Their meats are very tender and flavorful, my favorite is the barbacoa. I like to order the taco combo that consists of tacos, rice, and beans for around $6-7. I've also ordered their tostada combo which is around the same price, probably not as good as the tacos, but you get a lot for your money! Aside for the good and reasonably priced food, there are two reasons why I'll keep coming back- the extremely crunchy and flaky quesadillas (a must try) and the creamy, thick, and spicy green sauce. I don't know what it's called but I love it so much I drench it in everything! Come if you're hungry, El Paisa has good food with generous portions and you'll definitely get your bang for the buck!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,8/2/2012,30,31,1,2,5>I wish I could give it a higher rating!    I have been "blown away"!1) The atmosphere, awesome! Sports TV's all around the place play different sports venues. It feels "sporty". 2) The staff, absolutely incredible! I'm new to Texas, but that didn't stop the lady at the register from telling me what I've been missing! She went on to give her recommendations. So far they have been spot on or even better!3) The food, phenomenal! The food has been very good. Seasoned chips with queso is good to start with, and the fish tacos...truly the best! I'm going for the nachos on my next visit! Everything is full of flavor and not over seasoned. 4) The beverages, refreshing! Whether you are having a soda in a commemorative cup, or having an alcoholic drink from one of their huge glass bowl shaped cups, I can assure you, you won't be disappointed. *Finally, a place that goes above and beyond. I have been here twice and as soon as I leave, I find myself planning my next visit! Like a great stand-up comic, this place leaves me wanting more! Next time, I'm getting a t-shirt. So I can say I've been there, done that!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,8/1/2012,27,64,,3,2>I am so sad that it took us this long to find Hall's.  We used to drive all the way to the Whole Foods in Arlington to get our beer, and they don't even have a great selection.  Hall's has the best beer selection in this area, hands down.  The prices are reasonable as well. Their employees are polite and quick.  We have started an almost every Friday routine of going here and each getting our own six pack of a new delicious craft beer.  They also have delicious BBQ.  They gave us a little Styrofoam cup filled with different samples of all of their meats, that was so nice of them!  We haven't had a chance to purchase any yet, because we always get there after 7 p.m., and they stop serving the BBQ at 7 =(
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,7/31/2012,134,301,,11,8>After a long, long wait, I finally made it by this location and my only complaint is that i didn't get here sooner.  OMG, there is not a thing that I experienced that wasn't absolutely transcendent.  I truly cannot wait to come back here because there is so much about the experience that I can still savor as I begin to write this, that just beckons for an immediate return visit.Okay, so its important to understand that they have three menus in essence.   For lunch, they serve traditional Japanese Bento Boxes with the rolls and accompaniments that most are familiar with, but once dinner rolls around, its an entirely new ballgame... Japanese meets Tapas is the main menu, while the traditional sushi bar facilitates the third and final options.So I pretty much gorged myself on a wide array of the tapas selections, and can't say enough good things about it all.  The two that stick out to me the most are the sauteed baby octopus (absolutely perfect texture), and the sake steamed mussels with an added side of white rice to soak up the rich broth. I won't be able to ever go here again and not get these as they are seriously that flavorful.The pork belly pizza was a flavor and visual overload, the tuna tartar on lotus crisps was remarkably refreshing and clean, and the spicy tuna hand rolls were of fair size and very flavorful.The music here is absolutely perfect and I could seriously just have a Sapporo and listen to it the whole time.  On top of that the atmosphere is crisp with exposed walls, art that puts the POP in PopArt, and the seating and design is functional, yet unique to such a venue.  Service was wonderful as well.  This is usually the element that I am most critical of, but here, there is a true care about guest satisfaction and experience, and honestly, it shows when you come here.  Just a huge plus in my book...There is no question that I'll be back, the only problem is that it won't be soon enough by any means!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,7/30/2012,298,874,4,9,3>Great concept. FWFP has been on my radar for a while now, and yesterday was the day I dropped by. I was not sure if I was going to eat or not, in fact I wasn't even sure what I was going to find. I actually got a bit lucky to find them open, as the hours are not 7 days a week, and on the weekdays they are open (Thursday and Friday), the park is closed from 2PM to 5PM (something about appeasing the city).The first thing I notice is the sign for the park. The second thing I see is a sign warning about parking and towing. As has been said in other reviews, this is the park's biggest problem: Parking. So pick your spot carefully and don't park in the lots of the neighboring businesses. On my visit there was at least one attempt to find the owner of car parked in the wrong spot. After heading the signs I start to take in my surroundings. Room for six trucks, that do change. There is truck and calendar information on the website (fwfoodpark.com). Plenty of seating via picnic tables. A fire pit and restrooms toward the back. I caught wind that live music is coming, but in the meantime music is played over a PA system. Large trees look like they will provide plenty of shade when they start to leaf out.I guess the bottom line here is that if you are thinking of a bunch trucks located in a run-down parking lot (anyone been on S. Congress in Austin?), then you will be surprised by the clean presentation of FWFP. It's well maintained and tidy, and definitely worth a visit.... Just know that arriving sooner is better than arriving later, as the trucks will run out of food, especially near closing time (it's a food truck thing). PS. On my visit (3/1/2012) the trucks were: Good Karma Kitchen, Salsa Limon, The Munch Box, Red Jett Sweets, The Bacon Wagon, The Butcher's Son. I selected The Butcher's Son and did not like my currywurst (will be reviewed separately). PPS. BYOB is OK, but I did see a notification sign for an alcohol permit on the fence... Not sure what that's going to mean.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2012,7/29/2012,72,77,,7,3>Do you like it saucy?Decent taco's, like a lot of places you need to know what to order - so here's what i've discovered...1. Shredded beef taco (Barbacoa, but not true barbacoa)- pretty good, greasy but tasty.  The tortilla had floating grease. with the meat swimming in it.2. Fish taco - really good.  Highly recommend.  Probably best taco there.3. Al Pastor taco - very tasty, yum.  Meat with pinapples and onions grilled.4. Burrito - avoid!  Ordered steak burrito, it was really large but when i opened it to dress it there was very little meat.  Like maybe two bites.  It was full of fillers and didn't taste that good.  5. Breakfast taco - sausage and egg - very good, nice portion too.  Maybe second best taco there?Pricing - a little bit high.  The burrito was $6.50 and I don't think I would even pay $3 for it.    The tacos are better than fast food tacos around the corner and run about $1.99 each (about 70 cents higher than the fast food.  So the tacos are an ok value.  For that price you have to consider Fuzzy's but there isn't one real close.  The fish taco is $2.29.  You can get a combo meal with 2 taco's, drink, queso for $6.99.  But the queso is blah and the salsa you could sub is free.  The combo doesn't make much sense honestly and isn't a big saving.Atmosphere - kinda nice home feel.  they had someone playing live music while we were there.  not sure if that is just an opening thing or if it will continue.  I love to support local home town businesses and this had a mom and pop feel to it.  Seemed to be family operated.  Definitely casual.Sauces / Salsas - some really interesting sauces.  They have cucumber's with a chili powder lime sauce.  Cilantro, onions and awesome limes to garnsich.  The chipotle salsa was great.  The guacamole salsa was really good.  The mild red salsa and the salsa verde were about average.  The queso was pretty bad.   It has onions (which I hate) but even ignoring the onions it wasn't that good.Nice choice for a new dining experience in town.   I'll try again and just order the good stuff :)
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,7/28/2012,376,566,3,4,4>The only reason I did not give this place 5 is bc of the smoking.  Other than that...the band that plays every Thurs is spot on.  The drinks are strong.  Parking is easy.  Did not eat.  Tables and Restrooms are clean...but really really old.  Total dive and fun young crowd mixed in with people old enough to be grandparents.  Just go to chill...
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/27/2012,50,175,,6,6>Bulgogi House is officially no more.  Taking over where Bulgogi House left off as THE Korean place in town, is Czen.  Brought to us by the same owners as Czen in Hmart... think Bulgogi House with newer, nicer tables and chairs, new owners, and a slightly revised menu.  O, and much better service.  Or think Czen in Hmart... without the rest of the food court and with a menu that non Koreans will find easy to understand.Foodwise, Czen offers a tasty bulgogi and a tofu soup that has a nice balance of taste and kick.  And then there the dolsot bibimbap... which I didn't try, but the smell of that sizzling rice made me with that was what I had ordered.  Czen's grand opening is on Monday, so if you're around, stop by and give them a nice warm welcome, cause here in Denton, we need a good Korean place, and Czen might just be it.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,7/26/2012,121,311,1,6,3>I always order the mussels here. It is the only thing I have ever hadhere. They are so good. They now have 4 different broths. I usually go with the spicy broth or more traditional. Add the  fries and it makes a perfect night. This last time I had Parmesan and truffle oil fries. Can I say my stomach jumped up with joy. The service is laid back and restaurant has a mellow feel. Good place for a quiet evening.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,7/25/2012,29,248,,8,3>Waited for awhile to visit this location. We had visited the location in Coppell and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I think they are off to a good start here in Denton.  It offers a good variety including a politically correct sandwich for the granola crowd.  This is a great place to grab some seafood and have a beer on the outdoor dining area.  It has a small seating area inside and that is ok.  Don't expect fine dining and relax and have a beer.The food is good and fresh.  The owner made the visit better than just your normal eating establishment because he acknowledged the customer and made you feel appreciated.  The tartar sauce is homemade. Is it the best seafood on the planet?  No, but it is a great experience and a good value.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,7/24/2012,170,39,1,9,2>There's not much I ask for in a nail salon: cleanliness, attention to detail, and affordability is all that really comes to mind. I don't mind if there's a wait, I don't care for fancy add-ons like a hot towel wrap or leg masques since I have to go home and shower it all off anyways, and minimal conversation is a plus. I get a pedicure to zone out and not interact or look at a screen for half an hour, so nosy nail techs inquiring about whether or not I have a boyfriend or what ethnicity I am is exactly what I try to avoid. I like Darling Nails because it's close by my apartment and is every bit the no-frills, clean nail salon I want. $20 for basic pedi, complimentary bottle of water waiting for you when you sit down, thorough attention to detail, and-- best of all-- no forced conversation or prying questions; just friendly smiles and a job well done. They accept every major credit card, including Discover, which is a big plus for me. They could use a bit more variety in their color choices, but that's my only small complaint. A great 4.5 stars.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/22/2012,63,48,,3,2>So I've been trying to eat healthier and eat less than I used to. One thing I have cut out significantly from my diet is red meat, and it's done my body good. But sometimes, you just need red meat in yo' system...nothing else can quite satisfy the beast inside of my tummy sometimes. ;) This place does burgers pretty well. Service is pretty friendly and prompt so that's a good thing. Sometimes the meat comes out slightly overcooked (I ordered a medium but they gave me a medium-well) but it's not too bad. The bun is pretty unique as others have mentioned but sometimes it's too dense for my taste. It ends up blowing up in your stomach. It does add a hint of sweetness that makes their burgers unique.  The fries are not my absolute favorite but I like how they are not overly seasoned or too soggy. I prefer the fries at Fuddrucker's or Chick Fil' A. I've tried the Pancho Villa Burger, Mama Mia Burger, and Spicy RG's All-Star Burger. The Pancho Villa has most of my favorite toppings, but this burger was not as good as I expected for some reason. I think it's because I prefer guacamole over fresh avocados on my burgers. The Spicy RG's All-Star was pretty tasty with a good kick, but my favorite so far has to be the MAMA MIA. I usually do not like peppers (green, red, yellow..esp the green one ekkkk. I'm not talking about peppers like serrano and jalapeno) but I loved this burger so much. The peppers flavored the meat so well and the basil mayo brings everything together. MMMmm Mmmmm mmm.....I'm getting hungry thinking about this burger now. I will definitely be back when I feel like stuffing myself with a delicious burger.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,7/21/2012,82,320,1,3,3>i'm not sure why i haven't written a review for taste of asia yet.i guess since moving to the area about four years ago, my husband and i ate there once or twice, but nothing really stood out. recently, i started ordering pick-up orders since its so close to home. i'm not sure if they started putting crack in it, but i've probably ordered a dozen times from here in the past few months.i typically get the orange chicken and it's really tasty. if you dine in, its typically better since its still crispy. there's something about it that makes me crave the orange chicken! the fried rice is also pretty flavorful. not the fried rice that comes with your entree, but the actual entree.its hard for me to try something new on the menu, especially if i found a dish that i really like. i'll probably try a different dish on the lunch menu since the portions are smaller and its almost half the cost of the dinner menu.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/20/2012,233,245,,3,2>I might have just found my favorite lunch spot!  Luckly a friend pointed out the Bento Lunch special. Basically you pick any roll over 8.99 and you get, a salad, soup, two dumplings, edamame and two different raw fish over rice.  BAM that's what's up!Sushi was great and i thought it was even better considering it was lunch time!Dumplings were amazing and i will be sure to get those on a non "special" day.  Salad and soup were super as well.  Edamame didn't seem as fresh as what i usually have, but really no complaint on it.I can't speak much on the staff, as i had very limited experience with them, but they seem fast and very friendly.  So why doesn't this place get five out of five?  Well for a lunch spot this is the place to beat.  I doubt anyone can come close to the specail they offer.  As far as dinner goes i would consider skipping this place to go somewhere that offered more drink selections and upbeat atmosphere, but also this isn't a bad spot to escape all of that as well.  Either way this is a great place that i look forward to eating at more often.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/19/2012,56,16,5,5,5>I love Avoca.It's rarely ever so full that you can't find a seat and the staff is always nice and knowledgeable without coming across as coffee snobbish.  Awesome vibe and big windows let in lots of light during the day. Lots of places to sit and lots of places to plug a laptop in. I'm not much of a coffee person, but everything I've had is good Cappuccino, Iced Tea, Regular Coffee.. they do roast their beans there and it smells amazing
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,7/18/2012,29,85,,10,5>Maybe I'm a bit biased - Jason was at Danny's Import Service for 13 years, and he's worked on almost every car I've owned, except for my first.  Everybody at Danny's had the same ethic - do the job right the first time, use quality parts (usually OEM), treat the customer like family, keep them informed of everything.  I was on a first name basis with everyone at Danny's, but Danny's only works on Honda/Acura - and I've owned a Nissan for the past year and a half.  I used Danny's for about 12 years.I moved to Denton this month, and needed my car fixed in a hurry today.  Started looking on Yelp for shops and my jaw dropped when I saw Jason had opened his own shop in Denton.  One that works on more than just Honda/Acura.Jason remembered me when I called and had me bring my car in.  I wound up being somewhat wrong about the issue, but Jason is a no-nonsense, no-BS guy.  He told me about an issue that will need attention in a few months (one I already suspected - a motor mount, and told me I can wait for awhile on it), but said the car was otherwise in good shape.  Got the parts we needed delivered, got them installed quickly, and he's beyond fair with pricing.  I'm a car guy in general, and had a list of things I suspected wrong - he spent a lot of time ruling out everything he could until he pinpointed the issue.The best part about everything?  Jason has completely stolen Danny's ethics - do it right the first time, use quality parts, treat the customer like family.  In this case, theft is a good thing.You may find larger shops, you may find higher volume shops, you may find cheaper shops  But finding an honest shop is next to impossible.  If you're in Denton, All About Imports is as good as they get.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,7/17/2012,263,371,3,7,4>If you want to ever feel like you've left the Metroplex for a few seconds, try this place. I compared it to being in Austin; my friend compared it to Ohio. A hippie-friendly place, the highlights being their quiche and friendly service. They're only open during certain hours, so check before you trek.I went here with a friend after work and was dressed in scrub pants and an undershirt. Most of the evening clientele were well dressed for some reason. I muttered about this distress to my friend when the very friendly chef/server chirped "It's okay, I'm wearing flip-flops back here!" He acted genuinely honored to serve us and took  great pride in the food. They had a list of the daily offerings, but per my long work hours and this place closing within an hour, they had already run out of several items. They are big on not being wasteful; they dole out small portions (with the understanding that you can always come back for more). We were warned that you won't get seconds if you didn't clean your plate, so take heed wasteful buffet patrons! To solve this problem, I asked if I could have a little bit of everything on my dinner plate. He said that is the most common way people request their food. Everything was good, crisp, and fresh. They ran out of cheesecake for desert, but one of the other employees had whipped up a nice mousse of blackberries and whipped cream for us. They are pay-at-will. My friend had a living social coupon and couldn't figure out how to redeem it, so she ended up giving them cash instead. For my meal, I just stuck $15 in an envelope and called it fair.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,7/16/2012,52,91,2,3,3>What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Well...nothing.  After going to SXSW in Austin this past weekend and having a most delicious Kebap, I was in mood for some more tasty meaty goodness, stuffed in some bread.  Gyros (pronounced "GUY-Rows" people) House fit the bill and was down the road from my job. Win!I ordered the #2 Combo, which seems to be the most popular choice for most people:  A Gyros, fries and a drink. My order was ready within 2 minutes of ordering but didn't taste like it was something that was just sitting around.  The fries were hot, fresh and large, nearly steak fry size.  The gyro was fresh and plentiful and next time I'll be sure to ask for extra tzatziki sauce, because it was extremely tasty, as others have said.  I'll also be sure to ask for feta cheese too -- that tangy-ness would have been perfect.It's a small establishment and I've heard it gets busy around typical lunch hour (noon) so I'd suggest an off time.  I got there around 1 PM and it was perfect - only a few customers in the store.  They also have a drive-thru if you need a bite on the go. It's a MUCH better alternative than neighboring Jack In The Box.  All in all....I'm probably gonna be there again next week. Cuz it was damn delicious and cheap.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/24/2011,7/15/2012,145,116,4,9,5>*sigh*Oh Frankies.  Damn you.  You are like the bad relationship I can't ditch.  I keep coming back around because when you are good, you are VERY good.  But when you are bad... oh, it's just a train wreck.Let's start with the good.  You show ALL the games.  This is awesome for a girl who cheers for the Green Bay Packers and the Sox (both Red and White).  It means I can always see everything I want to.  And you have these cool little speaker boxes that sit on the tables (if you request one from your waitress) that allow you to tune into any games other than the one being played on the big screen.  (Bonus tip... you can plug your phone earbud into it if you don't want to spend the game hunched over the box.)Good... lots of televisions.  Although during "big" local events, make sure you check the individual television schedules to make sure you'll be able to see the game you want to see.  The main room is your best bet for that.Good... spacious clean restrooms WITH audio and television in the mirror.  No more worrying about missing a critical play because you broke the seal.  Awesome.Good... possibly great... drink specials.  Lots of them for every day of the week.  My personal favorite is their amazing bloody mary bar on Saturdays/Sundays from opening to 3 pm.  LOTS of fixings (including baby shrimp!) and plenty of mixes and spices to pick from.  FAVORITE!Good... food (for the most part).  I've really liked almost everything we've tried there.   The nachos are the best I've had in town - perfect layers of cheese on all the chips, piled high with goodies, good the very bottom (not soggy like most places).  The buffalo wings and chicken tenders are delicious.  We love the frito pie... total cold day football food.  Fried cheese, potato skins, pizza, burgers... all good.  Exceptions would be breakfast (meh... unless you have a hangover and NEED eggs, go for the grease) and the fried seafood items (oysters... horrible nasty yuck).  Skip dessert too... save the calories for alcohol. Bad.... service.  It's horrible.  The place is perpetually understaffed and drinks can sit completely empty for 10-15 minutes before a waitress appears.  Be prepared to order your next round when anyone else at the table does... because she may not reappear again for a long time.  Waitresses get pissy when you ask about beers on tap (they boast a beer club but apparently if you don't know what you specifically want, they can't tell you if they have it or not).  I think sometimes we get bad service because we are usually all (or mostly) girls... but we spend money and drink more than a lot of the tables of guys and are in there at least once a week (sometimes 2-3 times) and we tip well so that's bogus.Mixed... when things go bad, very often managers are uber-helpful and nice.  An example... one night this summer the place was fairly empty but there were several tables of us watching the Red Sox/Yankees series on the big screen.  A small group of guys came in and pitched a fit that the Rangers game wasn't on.  They complained until it got switched... and then left after one inning (typical Rangers fans).  The management was very apologetic and got us switched back quickly.  Another time they sold me a bloody mary for the make-your-own bar but brought me the glass of vodka 10 minutes later as they were wheeling the bar away... after complaining, they brought it back for me.  (Note to self - with questionable service, don't order a bloody mary after 2:30 pm just to be safe!).Ah... but I'll be back.  Week after week after week.  And hoping that the problems get fixed.  :-)
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2012,7/14/2012,140,136,,6,3>Stopped by for lunch today after a year of working in the area. My coworkers, always prone to exaggeration, call it "Home of the $16 Burger." Well, I didn't see any $16 burgers (although I suppose you could build one) or anything that blew me away.It's tricky to review a place when you basically are in charge of your meal. At Twisted Root you can either choose one of their specialty burgers or build your own. The specialty burgers are no substitution and sounded tasty from their descriptions. Nothing was exactly what I wanted though so I built my own. The basic burger starts at $5.99 and toppings are either 75 cents 99 cents depending on what you get. Cheap toppings include cheese, fritos, sauces onions, peppers and sauerkraut. The fancy toppings are guacamole, goat and bleu cheese, bacon, mushrooms, fried egg, etc. I ordered a Swiss cheesebuger with fried egg and sauteed mushrooms. The burger came out hot and the cheese was perfectly melted. The egg was fried hard, I should have specified I wanted it a little runny. The mushrooms were ok, normal sauteed mushrooms. I didn't pick up a strong garlic flavor. They also have a little pickle bar with great sliced pickles! I really liked the sweet and spicy ones.Onto the meat! The patty was well done; I should have specified medium rare but it didn't occur to me. It was pretty dry and lacked that great, juicy flavor I come to expect from Texas burgers. It stayed together well but was a little hard. Some people like their burger patties a little crunchy I guess, I don't. The fries were overly salted and nothing special. Overall, I'm glad I finally went to Twisted Root and I'll probably be back. It's pretty cute how they give you a card with a famous character on it and call that name out when your order is ready. I was Pepper Pots! I think if I ordered more specifically next time I might enjoy my meal more.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,7/13/2012,107,48,5,5,3>When you live in the Denton area you're going to hear about Mr. Chopsticks. It has a great college feel to it because it's so close to the school and they hire kids that look like they're in Denton because Austin is too mainstream.To say this place is hipster is a huge understatement. I felt like they should hand out horn rimmed glasses and newsboy hats at the door and hang a sign that reads "No plaid shirt, No skinny jeans, No service". Not to say the service was bad, it's just a laid back experience. And a good one!The menu was huge. They cover everything from stir-fry to sushi to pho to traditional Chinese take-out dishes. They also have a great sake and beer selection.Molly ordered the Pad Kee Mao combo and thought it was comparable to some of the better Thai dishes around town. We ordered a steamed spring roll, a fried spring roll, crab rangoon as appetizers. The steamed spring roll was chewy so that didn't make the cut. But that was the only negative thing about the meal. The crab rangoon was awesome. They use a really thin wonton making it super crispy.We thought we would try the sushi and I'd never heard of a Calapeño Roll so we gave that a shot. It's an inside out roll with crab, jalapeño and cream cheese. The sushi rice was cooked well and I'd say we'll be back to try more from that part of the menu soon.For my entree I ordered the Seafood Egg Noodle soup. The menu lists this as, "Egg noodle, shrimp, imitation crabmeat, fish/shrimp balls, bean sprouts, broccoli, snow peas, cabbage, scallion, garlic oil & cilantro in clear broth". I asked them to make it spicy. I would get this again.The real factor here is that it's good and cheap. It's not as good as the best of some places at anything but it's as good as some at everything - especially at the price.UPDATE: I realized I need to update this... At the time I graded this 3 stars, but their consistency and staff have made me change this to rating to 4 stars. My wife and I have gone back weekly and it has always been great. Highly recommended!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,7/12/2012,85,274,,5,2>They're going to need a bigger boat!!! One month in and this place is almost standing room only for spectators. My son has had 3 classes and is now enrolled in the after school program and we are in love!!! I couldn't imagine a better teacher for my 6 year old than Master Lee.  He gets picked up from school everyday in a tiger striped hummer, is taken back to the dojo for homework time, snack time and a 40 minute taekwondo class everyday. This program fits within our schedule and we couldn't be more pleased. Korean born Master Lee is the real deal. He has such a passion for the art and the children. J. Tiger is new to the area and is taking off like a bullet.  If you are considering martial arts, J. Tiger is the best!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/11/2012,71,105,2,10,9>Just moved to FW and was looking for a threading salon. I just happen to pass by Wink. I mainly just get my brows and upper lip done however since it was my first time here I had her do my whole face. She cleaned up my brows first and before moving on to the rest of my face she had me look at my brows to confirm my satisfaction. She was fast yet very detailed.  I had almost not redness on my face.  Now when I put on makeup it goes on very smooth and flawless.  I'll definitely be back again.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,7/10/2012,50,85,2,6,2>Compared to every other bar in Denton, Paschall wins.  A lot of thought was put into the vintage decor which I completely love.  It's not grimy with old spilled beer and hormone residue from failed flirtation. If you want to go somewhere nice for a drink, this is literally the only place in Denton that you should go to - if you can get in.  The capacity is sub 50 which can be frustrating if you have to wait in line, but if you go early, it's usually not a problem.  The first reviewer was right about the smoke, but that's kind of the way it is in all Denton bars.  The drink prices are certainly higher than other bars in Denton, but I think that draws a better clientele who would rather have a nice conversation over pricier cocktails than drink dollar beers and compete for Denton's Most Vacuous Bachelor/Bachelorette.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,7/9/2012,1341,757,17,19,15>OMFG why didn't this place open up earlier? It would have been way helpful a few years back when I was stranded at TCC . :)I came here with a few other Yelpers and had a blast :D UYE's ftw! We ordered a lot of dishes to get a good feel of the place and I'm glad we did because I was able to try things I normally would never order like fried cheese sticks!!  Please order this if you have someone to share it with. It's made with fresh cheese because it actually stretches out when you bite into it. The owner stopped by our table and explained that everything is made to order and is breaded and fried to order. That would explain why the onion rings were so addicting. They had a panko breading which made it light and crispy. :) For my entree I ordered fried oysters and spicy basil fried rice. The oysters were juicy and briny and the rice was well seasoned and spicy. I really like the blackened tilapia from Tim's plate. It was flavorful and moist. I took home my leftovers and it held up pretty well. I just nuked it for 2 minutes and voila! Orchid City at home. The boba here reasonably priced. At $3.50 a drink, you can be a little adventurous and try out different concoctions. I was feeling a little boring so I got the classic milk tea and boba. The boba was definitely softer than what I was used to but it's definitely better than the hard boba I experienced elsewhere. This is definitely going to be my go to place when I need to grab some boba and hit the books. There's also great ambiance here (it's really too pretty to be in south Arlington) and the free wi-fi is awesome! Cliffs:free wificheap boba $3.50killer apps : Mozz sticks & Orchid fries
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,7/8/2012,53,275,,4,2>This is a fun place to eat. It is a new restaurant in downtown Arlington, TX. They are very busy on Saturday. Have to stand in line to order then find a seat. They have a good outdoor area but it is a little hot right now to sit outside. The food is fish, shrimp, po-boys, oysters and the usual. I had the 6 shrimp basket very good. My partner had the crab boil. He liked it also and very good amount of crab. The fish tacos are good. And they have great margaritas. They are a little pricey. But some reason seafood is always pricey.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,7/7/2012,81,34,,2,3>My favorite authentic Vietnamese restaurant in the Ft. Worth area. Extensive menu and consistent quality. Never have had a bad meal here no matter what I order it seems.My recommendation : com tam bi cha thit nuong chao tom (#13)!!They will receive a 5th star once the wait staff gets it together. Seems like they have the typical Vietnamese tendencies of bringing you your food out quickly and then forgetting about you until it comes time to pay the bill..-_-
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,7/6/2012,138,223,,5,6>Well you can already tell I'm a fan of Aleda's, but we never would have realized how much fun it was to have them cater the rehearsal dinner we had at Times Ten Cellars.They were fantastic! They brought over the pizza, their warming tray, and some of their great garlic bread, with appropriate seasonings. And was it good as ever! Everyone who hadn't already tried Aleda's was blown away. Everyone also congratulated us on our choice of caterers. See how smart we are!Unfortunately we forgot how filling their pizzas are and we have lots of leftovers. But be assured we gave some to the Times Ten people, (who were very pleased) and the rest are safely put away in our ice boxes waiting for tomorrow.I will also share something we found out long ago. Unlike most pizza chain pizzas, Aleda's is still great warmed up the next day. However, DO NOT USE A MICROWAVE  It's much better if you heat it up in an oven! I kid you not. So this is it in a nutshell:Their pizza is great to eat at their restaurant, at home, out of the icebox or in our case, delivered to your party, ----- and by the owner, no less. Now that's customer service!!!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2012,7/5/2012,331,537,6,3,4>Scary looking area of town but is quite safe. Place is bigger than expected and they have a very loyal customer base where most everyone in there knew each other. The opening band, Derek Lorin, was a ukelele cover band - very jazz-pop. Nice relaxing music, but not really suited for the established crowd there - bikers, ppl in their late 40's + - metal heads, you get the picture. The main group was Paul Byrd and I was pleasantly surprised at the level of great music this venue books! Paul is an incredible guitarist, pretty good singer, and incredible performer. This band is beneath a venue like this - the opener really was too. The sound was great - the waitress was amazingly friendly - in fact - the entire staff and the "regulars" were all very friendly. Keep your eyes out for "Miss O" - decked out head to toe in her homemade Crown Royal outfit - made out of Crown Royal liquor bags....classic. There was also a trashy 40-ish lady with a MINI skirt dancing all alone doing the splits and crazy slutty moves making a fool out of herself - this was priceless entertainment all on it's on. Don't go alone - take some friends. And be prepared to leave smelling like a smoke stack. Other than that - I MAY would go back.....but honestly I'm going to try and see Derek Lorin and Paul Byrd when they play somewhere else. I used a whole bottle of febreeze in my car, my coat, my purse, my hair, had to wash my sheets from my smoky hair....ew.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,7/4/2012,1427,66,1,4,4>I went to this place for lunch with a client and had the Mousaka and the Hummis. It was absolutely awesome! I haven't been to many Mediterranean restaurants but I know what I like and the food from the limited level of experience it was excellent. The food was served very hot and fresh!!   Careful of the plate...that HOT...its a good thing.. :-)  I would definitely go back.  The place is a small but very clean and comfortable and gives you a cozy feeling of being somewhere foreign and exotic... Okay I felt like being in Greece although I've never been there...but make me want to go... :-)  Next time I might try coming for dinner and sit outside on the patio and enjoy some wine with my meal.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,7/3/2012,54,100,,11,2>Arlington Resale isn't super convenient to get to, but there is a Tuesday Morning also in the parking lot if that helps.  There is also a Discount Tire, so whenever I'm there I waltz over to the resale shop and try to locate some treasures.  All proceeds go to benefit the Women's Pregnancy Crisis Center.  The building is fancy inside because it used to be an upscale gym back in the day.  There is a ton of women's clothing, some men's too, jewelry and lots of kids' toys.  Once I even saw an accordion for sale, so you never know.  There is a separate room off the entrance that has some furniture and antiques, not a ton, and there is a small room with frames and art off the main shopping area near the shoes.  The staff is nice and helpful and the prices are just fine.  If you sign up for the online newsletter you'll get access to their monthly coupons and sales.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/2/2012,13,37,,4,2>I always walk in on a whim without an appointment.  I have never had to wait more than 3 minutes.  The staff is very friendly, and they are over-the-top with service.  You are offered a drink when you sit down for your service, and sometimes receive a complementary shoulder massage.The spa is nice, but a bit gaudy.  It's funny, I think it used to be called "The Venetian" and they changed the name, kept the decor, and added some fluorescent/fiberoptic lighting.  Nothing I can't deal with for such good prices.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,7/1/2012,56,59,,4,3>The coziness offers a special charm at Beirut Cafe. It is an exceedingly small diner where apparently every conversation is overheard -- I like this aspect of the  atmosphere that is distinctly non-American. The great thing about the space are the pleasant and appetizing smells of the lamb shanks, kabobs, pita bread and coffee.Their serving portions are quite generous. This is amazing because their quality of food is top-notch and they could offer less food for such a reasonable price.I don't have anything snarky of funny to add, I just really like the food and the ambiance and I recommend their lunch specials which all come-on at under ten dollars for plates with humus and vegetables and under eight dollars for the sandwich version with fries.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,6/30/2012,76,65,,6,2>Local sports bar tucked off the main road in Denton. Baja burger jack cheese fried jalapeño. $7.99Burger was cooked perfectly medium well with just a hint of pink so it was still juicy. Fresh jalapenos added some heat.Very friendly staff and our waitress/bartender at the bar was very quick and keep in touch w us the whole time making sure our glasses were topped off and asking if we needed anything else for our meals. We sat outside initially hoping to enjoy the view but the wind and temps drove us inside.Glad we ran across the place. This was our first visit but we'll be back.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,6/29/2012,65,195,1,3,2>The drunk guy close to the entrance knew exactly what he was talking about when he suggested ordering the fried cod! I got the special which was $8 -- 2 ENORMOUS pieces of fried cod, french fries and a couple of hushpuppies. Lots of fried pieces of heaven! The only suggestion I have for Zeke's is: "More hushpuppies please!" :)
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,6/28/2012,6,29,,5,4>I have had my car washed here inside and out about 15 times now.  I recently got added to their email list.  I got one for the month of April got my car washed 3 times so far (with this coupon) for $8.99. Inside and out... the windows cleaned... dusted the dash... very well I might add... steering column and center console.  I usually get the Bronze Wash Package which is $16.99, and I love it, but I tell you, this special was great too! I have been to several car washes in the area and none compare to this one.  My carpets did not have a speck of dust and my cup holders did not have a bit of trash left behind. Plus, I was in and out in less than 15 minutes. You should try it and definitely ask to be added to email list so you can get their coupons!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,6/27/2012,55,94,14,19,21>I have been to this spa several times for manicures and pedicures, had different people every time, and have always walked out feeling relaxed with great looking nails and polish that lasts longer than your usual nail salon. As you are getting your nails done, expect primo customer service. You will get a warm aromatherapy neck wrap, a hot cup of tea, sit in a comfortable chair, and have a professional who will talk to you (or not at all if that is what you prefer) rather than talking to her friend doing nails on the other side of the room. The spacious nail rooms are only set up to accommodate a few people at a time, so it is always quiet enough to take a nap. Some people may say that Coldwater Creek is too expensive, but the extra cost is well worth it. The front desk staff is very knowledgeable and polite, products and extras are never pushed on you, the beauticians are very professional and great at what they do, and they have a relaxation area in the back that is actually relaxing. If you arrive early, want to stay a little longer to let your nails dry, or go with a friend and you finish before your friend you can go sit in the relaxation room (that is actually quiet) sip hot tea, and browse magazines made for the homemakers of Southlake.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,6/26/2012,103,100,5,9,8>A long overdue review for what has become my favorite bike shop in town by far.When Bernie and Bryan first opened up their shop on South Main (before their recent move to Sundance), I had already settled on "my" bike shop somewhere else. And as we all know, change is scary so I was more than comfortable with my choice and hadn't planned on altering my routine (because change is scary, if you're following along). But they were the most convenient to downtown on my commute to work, so I stopped in a few times to pick up random items like tubes, make minor repairs, etc. The first thing that I noticed was that they knew me by name from my first or second visit. Even though I wasn't buying an expensive new bike or making super upgrades, I always felt welcome dropping in for whatever reason - adjustment, repair, or tune-up.And recently, I had the misfortune of having my bike stolen out from in front of my office. As we were sitting down talking about the pros and cons of various new bikes and I was generally just cursing the name of a (cruel and probably motherless) bicycle thief somewhere, I mentioned that I was bummed most of all that I couldn't commute to work on a bike for a while. They offered to loan me a bike until we could find me another one. Just like that. Just because they've been there and know how much it sucks. And just like that, I had a new "my" bike shop. And even now that I'm on a Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance high and feel its my sacred duty to the universe to know how to repair and adjust things on my bike, there have been times that I've gone in to buy a small part (such as chain links) and they've just said "eh, we have extras, you can just take it". Which I think is awfully cool of them.So, in summary: Cool dudes? check. Knowledgeable? check. Not going to rip you off? Check. Best bike shop in town if you ask me? Definitely, check.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,6/25/2012,28,382,,2,3>I can't believe I've never reviewed this place. These are simply some of the best street tacos in Fort Worth. Easily in the top 5. They are very authentic and they are an extension of their mothership restaurant located in La Gran Plaza mall on Seminary near the cinema. Go there if you'd like to explore the depth of their menu. They rotate some of those things here on the food truck and they've recently added breakfast tacos to the mix. Don't be confused with the baja tacos at the recognizable and popular joint across the street that serves up baja fish tacos with feta cheese. Mexican street tacos are soft corn tortillas with the most flavorful of meats along with slaw and a nice white sauce, onions, cilantro, salsas to choose from, and maybe some queso fresco (which is so much better than feta). Great prices here too. Try it and you'll become addicted!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,6/24/2012,51,32,5,14,8>Two sushi places on Magnolia Ave? SAY WHAAAATT???Each place has its own merits though. I like Temaki for lunch. I hit this place up on my work break last week and I was all like, "Lemme find out about some Udon Noodles." Gotta say...pretty, pretttyy pretty good. Lady at the counter said, "Udon Noodles? Really hits the spot on a cold day, huh?" *She was totes rightI went twice last week (Monday and Friday) for UDON NOODLES PART 2 : The Reckoning. I recommend this place for lunch as opposed to dinner.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,6/23/2012,25,27,,3,2>Chapp's is probably the best option to eat in the Keller area. I used to come here a lot during high school, since it's so close to KHS. The food is always good and the service is always nice. It's nothing fancy, but burgers are juicy and the fries are delicious.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,6/22/2012,262,236,,5,5>For Flower Mound, this is as good as it gets, they do not have their liquor license yet, but the food is excellent!  The chef at this location is classic French trained and it shows in his food, from the ingredients to the sauces.  Add that to the owners desire to do a farm to table concept and we have not had a bad meal yet.  The fact that it is in Parker Square and retrofitted from the owners first restaurant, Carpaccio (by way of Walt Garrison's) knocks it down to four stars cause it feels "off", but don't judge this book by it's cover.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,6/21/2012,45,99,,3,2>This is really good southern food. I went here on sunday morning brunch with my boyfriend and man was walking in a surprise to the both of us. I mean I had read up on this place before coming here and yeah this place can be accurately be described as sickeningly cute to some. As for me I liked he scenery there were local artist's work hanging off of the walls that I enjoyed looking at. Other than that it's easy to see that the age group this shop caters to is not for the young. Rather it's catered towards our grandparents generation which isn't a bad thing. Now into the food. For 9 bucks I got a massive plate of potatoes, that was spiced heavily, a warm buttery croissant and a huge omelette. On top of that while we were waiting we got a basket that hd yummy mini muffins which I used the cranberry butter to top it off. Man did I ever have left overs by the end of this. My boyfriend got a breakfast sandwich that had ham, a perfectly poached egg all on an English muffin with a side of fresh fruit all for about 8 bucks. We both really enjoyed the food here and our waitress was really sweet. I'll be back here next Sunday morning to try out their mimosas :)
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/20/2012,124,185,,5,2>Tori rocks as server. Fast, friendly answered all our questions. Made a great recommendation refilled my drinks instantly.Update:This place really has customer service down to a science, the server Tori really was amazing, she suggested items for me after a long day hiking at Lake Grapevine. My wife had a salad which was not to her liking, the manager was there in about 10 seconds and brought her a replacement salad in about 3 minutes. Michael really knows how to make a patron want to come back. He handled everything like we were the most important guests he has ever had. I will certainly be back.I had a burger which was the only thing that I felt like, it was large enough to not eat it all and the fries were pretty good. Red Dog is great for families based upon all the kids having fun at the arcade area while the parents watched a game on TV. Good atmosphere, great customer service and pretty good food for a sports bar/arcade.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,6/19/2012,75,237,,4,2>We had a craving for breakfast one morning and decided to give this place a try.The breakfast was good and satisfying. The side order of biscuits and gravy come with a large cereal bowl size gravy piled with a mountain of crumbled sausage.  I got a basic eggs and bacon meal and the hubs got the pancakes - it wasnt the best we ever had but its definitely a place i'd go back to.Our waitress was super super sweet and helpful even though the restaurant was really busy time.This is definitely a place to stop in at if you're in the area
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,6/18/2012,33,41,3,4,1>This place is a gem!  Since relocating to the burbs, the hubs and I have been pressed to find a fantastic meal...especially at a fairly reasonable price.  We have found our new standard!  Started with crabcake which was cooked to perfection.  Our table followed with chicken fried steak, better than sex fried chicken, meatloaf and a cheddar burger.  Everything was even better than we could have imagined. (A special note about the chicken fried steak.  This is probably the second time in life I have experienced the elusive breading cohesion  where the breading stays on the steak and you don't get the soggy breading falling apart and coming away from the meat..  As a Texan, this is a key factor in all cfs rating). Service was STELLAR. Our waiter was attentive and friendly with personal recommendations ready to go and very accomadating of special dietary needs at our table.  The chef and manager stopped by at least twice to check on us to ensure we were enjoying our meal.  The chef even held our baby. hilarious. The only pause I will give is this: if you go, go early. We go eveywhere early now with the little one in tow...by the time we left at 7:30, the line was out the door!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,6/17/2012,94,224,1,4,2>Till this day I never understood why people would step foot into taco bell if they had a choice to go to the one and only taco lady in Denton. Taco lady is the real thing! The epitome of real Mexican food with good fresh flavors (shhh I have not been to Mexico). I love the two choices of sauce from the bottle though I don't know what it's called :(  Don't expect anything fancy schmancy inside. It's just a simple place with a few tables and chairs. My only complain is that they do not open for dinner  *sob*
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/16/2012,17,25,,3,4>I'm a born and raised Texan. I know good BBQ. Smokey's is some of the best I have ever eaten. Their homemade bread is really what sets them apart from the rest. Sure you can slap some chopped beef on a hamburger bun with sauce and pickles and be a hampy camper, but once you've had it on a fresh buttery ciabatta style melt in your mouth bun from Smokey's, you wont ever want to be left holding a Mrs. Bairds bun again! HA Their cole slaw is different and not swimming in liquid which we all know happens way too often in these parts! Potato salad is a traditional mustard so nothing to write home about, but it's decent. The bbq sauce is drinkable too. Just sayin'
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2012,6/15/2012,104,99,5,5,2>I think the Aardvark was taken from Deep Ellum in Dallas and thrown into Ft Worth by some benevolent Texas Twister. Why do I say that you ask? Well the Ft Worth nightlife differs greatly from Dallas: there is ample parking; most of which is free, the crowds are more laid back, and it is generally slight more upscale across the board. The Aardvark lacks all these things. There is maybe 10 spots in its lot which have been permanently occupied since the Clinton Administration. You can't park in the open lots of other businesses near by because they have Nazi towing companies that attack out of place cars like a dog on a t-bone. You are forced to park on a street in a neighborhood and walk half a mile to get there. The crowd of when I have gone has largely been laid back, but there was an awesome fist-fight between the doorman and a patron. It was hilarious because the patron got his nose bloodied and his jeans ripped off of him. There literally was a busted faced man, who was pants-less (no undies either) on the curb outside. People took pictures and laughed, I did too. They probably fought because the $8 cover was cash only....once again its 2012 and nothing should be cash only unless its the front for a mob boss. It definitely wasn't upscale, there is almost no signage to see from the road and there were just random tables and chairs and one punching game. The drinks were okay at best but the service was surprising fast for how many people were there. I was very generous that night with buying drinks and rang up a $70 tab but it was fair for what all I bought. The positives were that other than the fight, everyone was fun and put up with the drunken childish antics of my friends with a smile and some joined us. The sound was pretty decent and not deafening like most small venues. Overall: If you want a dive bar in Deep Ellum but that is actually located in Ft Worth, this is your place. If you can get over possibly having the worst TCU has to offer, the parking nightmare, and the fact its a dive-bar, you can actually have a really good time. Go if a band you like is playing there, but if you want live music and drinks, there are TONS of other better places in Ft Worth.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2012,6/14/2012,12,66,,5,3>Been a long time since I've visited this spot. Their fried goodness still is some of the best, but I'm a little disappointed with their lack of expanding their menu after all this time. Don't get me wrong... I am all for the "If it ain't broke don't fix it" policy but throw something new in there once in awhile :) (like spicy chicken options!) Just sayin'. That is pretty much my only complaint other than this is not the place to visit if you're on a diet but I'm pretty sure you could have figured that one out for yourself. It's still a very loud, high energy restaurant that's great for large parties and a fun night out. I think it's like 13.00 a person for the all you can eat veggies and your choice of meat. My husband got the Chicken Fried Steak and I stuck with the Chicken. If any of you know me, my bar for homemade gravy is set so high, it's very hard to satisfy me on flavors as it has to REALLY be homemade (See: Midnight Diner, Dripping Springs, TX). Unfortunately, Babe's didn't meet the bar. And when you have CFS, you better have some dang good gravy with it. It was meh. Their chicken was tasty but I find myself eating the "crispies" more than the chicken. I'm bad I know. :) The veggies were good but SALTY. Especially the green beans. That said, I asked for seconds on them. I repeat, don't visit this place if you're on a diet! Perhaps one day I'll try their salads but probably not....considering I can have a salad any 'ol time. I love you Babe's. Keep on doin' yo thang!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,6/13/2012,73,140,,4,2>I'm ashamed there's not a Fred's review up here from me. I could've sworn I'd done one years ago, but apparently not. I'm a bad Funkytowner!Regardless, I've been spreading the word about Fred's for as long as I can remember. Back from when it was just a rinky dink place with a few booths and no surrounding businesses, til now when it has a huge, band-frequenting outdoor patio and new fancy restaurants all around it. Despite the changes in scenery, Fred's is as good as ever.A true Fort Worth joint, you'll find friendly faces and real Texas chow at Fred's. The beers are cold and cheap, and you can always find the latest Rahr on tap. They have a standard menu that's delish, but the best part of Fred's is its ever-changing specials menu. You can't go wrong with anything on it - truly. The burgers, the apps, the sides, they're all top notch.I keep hearing about how their brunch rocks, too. So it's next on my Sunday Funday list. I mean, mimosas in a schooner? Hello! Count me in.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2012,6/12/2012,23,70,,4,3>When a person puts so much of themselves into a business, it can be difficult to hear criticism and not take it personally.  I write this not to hurt anyone's feelings but to give honest feedback.  I admit that I am a tough sell as I have a background in food and service.  I cook, so when I go out it needs to be worth it.  Wait: Don't come starving on a weekend morning.  It will be about 30-40 minutes before you eat.   Atmosphere: The decor is cute.  It is very loud on weekend mornings and impossible to hear your companion.  If you don't want to hear your companion, this could be a good thing.  Service: I've been 5 times with my family and have never had service that wasn't friendly and efficient.  I can't say that  them using ipod touches to take an order or an ipad to check you out improves the service, but if it makes their life easier - great.  Food: One thing a breakfast place should always get right is eggs.  If you can't master eggs, all the 100 other items on the menu don't matter.  Two visits I have ordered eggs over easy.  Both waitresses told me I should order over medium because over easy will have runny whites.  I regret it because the whites were crispy brown and the yolk is hard.  Cook eggs like this in cooking school and you'll have to throw them out and start over.  Their ham is good quality and not too salty.  I tried Eggs Benedict once.  The hollandaise was good, eggs a bit on the hard side and great ham. I have to watch my carbs, but when it's time for a treat all I want is a warm fluffy biscuit.  The moment I cut it and tasted it, I could tell it was microwaved.  I asked the waiter (he was excellent) if they microwave the biscuits.  He said they bake them fresh every morning and then re-warm them in the microwave before serving.  Biscuit abuse! He offered to warm my biscuit in the oven for me.  So sweet.  The gravy is good.  I'm a fiend for coconut and have had the coconut pancakes twice with pineapple syrup.  One is plenty because they are large.  Not sure if they made to order or rewarmed in the wave because they were stuck to the plate.  Even if they are re-warmed, they are evil and good at the same time.  Coffee is good.  My husband always gets a skillet and never complains about his food.  It's just me, I guess.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2012,6/11/2012,16,26,,6,3>Better food than 5 Guys? Maybe. Better value than Fudds? No way.I'm almost done trying all of the Burgers places in Denton, went into Mooyah today with the family. It's bright and open, chalk board ready for kids to draw on (please restock the chalk!), there are booths, but they fill up fast. The greeters showed us how to order (fill out your card seems to be more and more popular, Genghis and Wich Which). Everyone was smiling and friendly, there were multiple managers in the store. It took just under 10 minutes to get our order, which was in bags, even though we were a dine-in order, just like 5 Guys.Others Commenters mention issue with price/value. I really have to agree. We paid $25 with tax for 2 adults and a 3yo, which is almost Chili's or Applebees price territory. The kids meal is way overpriced for what we got.My burger was a "regular" which turned out to be what looked like two patties stacked. It was juicy and had good texture, but I didn't think it had the flavor that 5 Guys brings. In fact I ordered my burger here exactly how I would at 5 Guys, with addition of Mooyah Sauce (no idea what it actually is) so I could get a good comparison. Lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled mushrooms and onions and the Mooyah sauce.Where Mooyah wins is the flavor of their fries. The sweet potato fries were ok, but the seasoning on the regular fries, along with the cut and cooking, made for some guilty pleasure for sure. My wife agrees, and we usually have different tastes when it comes to fries.My wife's turkey burger was rated higher than Fudds by a long shot. I may try it if I return. The BOGO offers, if they really exist, would probably bring me back more.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,6/10/2012,11,185,8,7,5>If not for one average note with the food, and the up and down service, it would be 5 stars.  As it was, this was the nicest evening we've had eating out in probably more than a year.  Romantic and charming without being stuffy, with food that (mostly) really impressed us.The complimentary bread was wonderful, but we ignored the butter in favor of the garlic basil oil.  Wow.  We could not get enough of this.  It's one of those things that proves how Italian simplicity always seems to result in something blissful.We got the appetizer combo - stuffed shrimp, blue crab legs and calamari fritti - all flawless.  The shrimp stuffing so savory, like the best crab cake, the blue crab legs delicious... and I can understand why they are famous for their calamari fritti.  Crisp and light, and the red sauce on top had an amazing depth and complexity that I would love to try to replicate at home.For my entree, I went with the fettucine pescatore, which was good, but not great.  Clams, mussels, squid and shrimp were perfectly cooked, but the scallops were overdone and rubbery.  Thumbs up to the fresh, not dry, pasta, which was silky and light.  However, the sauce was nonexistent.  What was there was a thin pool of garlic butter in the bottom of the dish, which I found impossible to get a taste of in the bites on my fork.  Next time I will opt for spicy marinara, which I think would complement the style of this dish far better.For his dinner, Steve chose one of the specials, osso buco served with polenta cake.  It was phenomenal.  Out of this world.  So tender, robust, meaty, and mmm the polenta cake.  Assertively savory, with a great punch of Parm-Reg in it, it was the first time either of us had truly enjoyed polenta in any form.  Total eye-opener.I ordered a slice of house-made chocolate mousse cake for dessert.  It came with a raspberry and cream sauce on one side, and fresh strawberry and raspberry on the other.  It was fantastically chocolatey, with notes of coffee and cream.  I loved it.Service was a bit bumpy at first.  We were instructed to wait at the bar for a table and then they forgot about us over there.  I had to go back to the front to ask to be seated again.  Then, when we first sat down, the bread was brought over with no butter or dipping oil.  It also took a while to get a waiter to introduce himself and start service with us.  I guess we felt a bit... brushed aside in general.  Perhaps it was our youth in the midst of an obviously established clientele; I really don't know.Regardless, we will continue to go back and, in time, hopefully establish a relationship here.  The food and ambiance are definitely worth it.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,6/9/2012,30,32,3,4,5>I like snowcones, but I don't LOVE snowcones. Aren't they are just ice and flavored syrup? Nothing special.Well, that whole attitude changed after a visit to Snowflake. Apparently, I have been slurping the wrong snowcones. I don't know why this place is different than any other shaved ice place, but one pina colada snowcone later and I'm completed infatuated. I cannot wait until they are open again this year. I will openly admit to stalking that little stand. I need my fix! It's also affordable and the staff is always pleasant. As far as local business in Arlington goes-- and it sounds ridiculous -- this is a hard one to beat in my book. It is perfect on those freaking hot 100+ degree summer days. Can you imagine anything better?
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,6/8/2012,88,258,4,9,6>I literally got through half a tamale before I had to call my mom and tell her I was eating the best tamale ever made.We went in yesterday to use a Groupon and were met by the friendliest man ever who I believe is the owner, Steve. This tamale shop is a vegetarian's dream. They had 6 vegetarian varieties of tamales available, including a vegan option.The tamales I just finished devouring were the apple, cinnamon, and raisin tamales. Thank you baby Jesus for delivering sweet, fruit-filled tamales to me! We also picked up spinach & feta tamales and black bean with Monterrey Jack. They all come frozen and shrink wrapped in plastic that you can either microwave or boil to heat up - super easy.When we walked in Steve shook our hands and asked our names. Good thing, cause he'll definitely be seeing us a LOT.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,6/7/2012,16,68,6,3,3>Yay Thai Papaya!  This is really close to my stompin' grounds and I really dig on their curries.  I'm especially a fan of their Massamun, which reminds me of what mama makes.  I never had avocados in my curry before this, but now that I have, I understand that I was previously living a false life with no hope or comprehension.  I've also had the spicy tuna roll, which I thought was pretty pleasing, but chances are I like sushi unless it makes me throw up.  The menu is huge and offers plenty of variety for veggies and carnivores alike.I've also had the pad thai and the red curry, which I also liked a lot.  When I go back, I'll be trying the duck.  The portions are a little small for the price, but the service is always excellent.  Once, my server was eating lunch while I was eating lunch, but she still was very attentive.  I always feel shitty when I interrupt a server's meal.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,6/6/2012,37,48,5,5,5>Once upon a time it was Valentines Day....again.  Let me be the first to tell you this holiday makes me want to slit my wrists.  So I made plans with the loud Italian and we decided if anything, we should at least eat and make it anti-valentines and just get the specials at the local restaurants.  So the original plan was to eat fajitas, but it was changed to eating with my gaybors at Across the Pond.  FOOD:So there is a mix of Italian and British food.  The owners are for real British.  Now we went on Valentine's day and I am thinking that we are probably going to have an hour wait.  BUT, we did not, we got a table and it had CANDY on it.  Yeeeesss....  So we brought a bottle of wine, then some bread came out.  The bread was good, with some garlic buttery goodness on top.  Bravo.  I love bread.  Then, I ordered the tortellini Michelangelo in pink sauce.  I will order anything that comes in a pink sauce.  It had ham and tomatoes in it too.  My date ordered Bangers and Mash, and naturally he said he would not be eating any British food and he didn't like it.  So he ate the plate almost clean.  He probably ordered it because it came with onions.  He is an onion whore.  He even adds onions to random dishes.  Then the funny gaybor ordered a salad, and I was thinking...BORING!  But I tried some of the chicken and it was seasoned WONDERFULLY.  My sweet gaybor ordered the beef stew.    All the food was very good.  It took a while to get but it was piping hot when it arrived.  SERVICE:The service was good.  We had full drinks and when we ran out of wine, I got to get another glass of red.  The couple there is very funny and kind.  I would certainly go there again and try the fish and chips or the British part of the menu.  Plus they brought us more candy.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,6/5/2012,27,40,8,11,6>Oh Jazz Cafe. Where else can you show up and be treated like family in all of the best and worst kind of ways? Every time I have gone, I have waited endlessly for my food, been engaged in both intellectual and insulting ways, ended up staying a few hours longer than I had planned, and left feeling stuffed. And every time, I can't wait to come back. Jazz Cafe is mostly Greek food but serves up some other interesting dishes as well, like a mexican breakfast and pizzas. The coffee comes slowly but generously in Styrofoam cups, and be prepared to wait on your order. The staff is friendly, but don't you dare show up when they are closing on the weekends. The greek food is amazing. I have had a bunch of their sandwiches and salads and am always pleased with my order. They also serve up gigantic bottles of champagne when you order mimosas on the weekends. I have never ordered one myself, but every time I go in, I end up sharing with another table.Another table, you ask? Well, that's a perfect illustration of how Jazz Cafe works. Weekend brunch here is like a party. There is a jazz band in the corner playing on and off the whole morning. The bar is covered in family photos and the art on the walls doesn't make any cohesive sense. The patio looks like a place you could sit down and eat, or buy antique furniture...or dig up ancient ruins.There are rowdy tables of families who all seem to know each other, the owner, and the jazz band. Mimosas have been passed around on more than one occasion, and the owner often comes by the table to chat. My boyfriend got up and played trumpet with the band and then disappeared with the owner in the kitchen for about 30 minutes while I chatted with people from the next table.  It is like the chaotic, fun, loud greek family you never had. Or maybe you do have, but you don't have to travel to see them.I know it may not be for everyone, but I love it.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,6/4/2012,160,643,2,5,6>I went to Grapevine City Florist yesterday to pick up a custom corsage for a friend's 65th birthday. When I called, I asked if they had any yellow calla lilies in stock. Sadly, they did not have calla lilies but the nice lady did say "We do have yellow roses." When I explained that I was ordering a corsage, she suggested I go with a pale yellow Okie Dokie rose because it would open larger than a bright yellow rose. I could not have been more pleased with the outcome; picture posted. The recipient's favorite flowers are yellow roses or calla lilies and she was ecstatic to wear the gorgeous corsage for her 65th birthday party. I would gladly give City Florist in Grapevine my business again.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,6/3/2012,206,99,6,8,5>This will be my new go to place for a cupcake pick me up. I love the array and presentation of every flavor. It gives each cupcake its own personality. My favorite so far has to be their mounds of joy. The chocolate is unbelievably decadent. Have milk near by.It wil cut the richness.I chit chatted with the employee in front for a bit and she told me that everything even including the candy toppers are made in house. I don't know if she's just saying that but the flavors make me a believer!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,6/2/2012,135,469,2,10,3>Still my favorite find in Arlington if not the whole metroplex.Since previous reviews I have also partaken in:shrimp fettucine (technically farfalle, but who's counting) - 4*seafood gumbo - 4.5*fried pork chop - 5*mashed potatoes w/ gravy (both brown and cream) - 5*dirty rice - 4*peach cobbler - 5*pound cake - 5*deep fried dinner roll - 4.5* (I may be deducting a half point merely out of shame for eating a deep fried dinner roll)I should say that other people will probably call his gumbo 5*.  The only reason I don't is because I like my own gumbo a little better, but that's probably because that's what I am used to.   I know my other half prefers Damian's gumbo (and maybe some day I will let him stop sleeping off the couch since he said that...just kidding!)I am now jonesing to try his jambalaya.  But his etouffee is still my favorite dish, I've had it three times.  He varies the seafood in it a little, and some days it is a 4.5* and some days a 5*, but it's still made with awesomesauce either way.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,6/1/2012,44,118,,8,6>5.0 star rating9/1/2011One thing that I have really struggled with in moving from the Pacific Northwest to Texas is the severe lack of great Asian food.  My prayers have been answered in finding Sea Siam.This is wonderful Thai food with exceptional service and a fair price.  All three of which will keep me coming back to Sea Siam for more.  We went here for the first time this past weekend and shared three dishes.The Pad Se Ew was our favorite and was done in a very traditional style.  The wide noodles were delicious and the sauce was delicious.  You get to choose your meat so we chose chicken and it just exceptional.We also had the green curry with has delicious and spicy just the way we like it.  There were lots of great vegetable, your choice of meat, and the wonderful green curry and coconut milk flavors.  The third dish we got was the Mongolian beef which got mixed reviews from our table.  I thought it was very tasty and had that nice sweet flavor to contrast with the hearty beef flavor.  I think the cooking methods were a little different than what the others in my group expected and that it was missing some of the carmalization that they are use to.Now you know that the food was great, let me tell you how wonderful the service was.  These are some of the hardest working people I have witnessed.  The service was spot on, consistent and very friendly.If you are in the mood for Thai, visit Sea Siam!  You will not be disappointed!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,5/31/2012,332,311,2,7,5>This is My new favorite restaurant.  This is the opposite of Don Pablo's or Tia's (both of which would be put out business by this place IF they were still opened).You have your choice of four Great restaurants in this same parking lot.  You seriously can't go wrong with any of them, but to be fair/honest, Bob's Steakhouse is on a whole different level (and price point).  I have been meaning to try Mi Dia for some time now, because it just LOOKS COOL.  Well Folks, the looks are matched by great food and great service.Great service: Mike was an awesome server with wonderful explanations of their menu and philosophy.  The manager, Juanita, stopped by to see how our dinner was and we just couldn't stop talking about how good it is.  She then comp'd our dessert (see review below).The tequila menu alone makes me want to come back and try more drinks (is there a Flying Saucer concept for this? there should be!)  I didn't want to just go with a standard margarita, but I don't think would be a bad choice.  They make everything from scratch - no mixes or premade.  Our server asked what kind of drink I like (sweet / sour / heavy liquor flavor/ dry) and he suggested a specific margarita.  He was dead on.  I did not like the second suggestion as much (it was too much dark tequila).  The chips are thick, heavy corn chips.  They serve two salsa in the same bow - kind of like two soups in one bowl.  One of the salsas is a typical rojo/red with a little bit of kick and the other side is a verde/green.  Refills were easy to come by.Out of everything on the menu, I wanted tacos - they have several kinds to choice from (beef, sea bass, shrimp, duck, pulled pork).  There are four on a plate, and I would have liked to try several of them, but alas they do not allow you to mix and match.  I went with the duck tacos at the server's suggestion, and was not disappointed.  Now I was to try the sea bass and pork ones.  My mother got the salmon, which was very unique and nicely done.For dessert, we loosened our belts and ordered the sopapilas.  I mean, how can you go wrong with fried bread coated in sugar N cinnamon, drizzled with honey?  Oh wait!  Did you ask about their Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream on the side?!?  I am NOT a big dessert person and this dish alone makes me want to come back.The final comment I will make is that the patio looks killer.  If you want to take a special someone out, this would be my first choice in the area.This place is close to DFW airport, so even if you have to take a cab, it is worth it to eat on a layover.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,5/30/2012,37,78,,4,2>So this was my last ditch effort for a salon in Denton- my previous tries have been failures. I called on a Tuesday and was surprised to get an appt that night because I thought it would be hard with college night BUT there is no more college night. That of course was NOT a dealbreaker for me.The end result was a pretty good cut- honestly the stylist who cut my hair didn't consult with me long enough so some things were lacking but I left on a high of freshly cut hair. The next day however I re-styled my hair and was saddened by my lack of cut bangs. Not a problem at HeadRush though! As I was told the day before- they offer FREE bang trims between services. What?! I'm sold. I went back in and saw Nick who did something new to my bangs which I'm still learning to love but I like his edge to my quick 5 minute free trim so I might ask for him next time.Good haircut just be sure to tell them everything you want right away. And free bang trims- done. See you next month HeadRush Salon.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,5/29/2012,38,78,2,3,2>Making the customer happy:)There has to be something special that gets me to yelp an established chain.  Either, they did something really magnificent or something very irritating.  In this case it is a little bit of both.I decided to use their new online ordering system.  First off, it is one of the better online ordering systems I have used.  When I went to pick up my order, I gave them my order number and a few seconds later they came out with my order...which was wrong.Here is where thing went downhill fast.  The girl working the register was confused when I asked where is the rest of my order.  So she went to the back and then another girl returned stating that there must have been a mix up and said they would have to make my order.  So part of that order was a potato soup, subsequently I really enjoy their potato soup.  So they brought that out first which was very perplexing to me.  If they had to make my order, why couldn't they have given me the soup then so it did not sit there loosing its heat?  Then, while I was standing there at the register waiting for my order, the two girls behind the counter started commenting on how they don't like the online ordering system; that's not a good thing to do in front of your customers, especially a customer who was victim to that ordering system.  So at this point, a lot of customers were coming in, so I moved off to one of the front tables to wait for my order.  Maybe 2-3 to go orders came and went while I waited.  Then one of the girls asked me what I was waiting for.  I stayed calm, but I did let them see my frustration.  A few minutes later the manager returned with my order and 2 VIP cards entitling me to 2 free meals for my next visit.  He apologized and explained how the online ordering system is new and not everyone is acquainted with it.  But I don't blame the establishment for this mishap.It was a corporate decision to implement online ordering at select locations.  Consequently, it is the corporations' responsibility that all their employees are trained on how to use the system before implementation.  In today's fragile economy, food prices are most likely not going to lower any time soon so customer service will be paramount in ensuring customer's come back.  in my case, I will be back, because at least, at this location, they acknowledged and explained their mistake and made it up to me by covering my next two meals.So you are probably wondering why I am giving them 4 stars after a yelp like this.  Well, the truth is I love their food, their menu, their healthy options, and especially their tea.  So combine that with superior customer service and you have one fine establishment that will see my business for years to come.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,5/28/2012,97,79,,12,6>I hate waste and love saving money. So, the concept of this place rocks my socks.I also care a lot about where my food is coming from and the processes it goes through before I eat it. However, I can't afford to buy much or sometimes any fair trade, organic or otherwise wholesome foods on my tiny budget. This place is peeeeerfect for me. I'm so glad a friend took me here.I found organic, fair-trade tea for less than $1 for 24 individual bags. I can't even find conventional tea at the grocery store for that cheap. And they weren't even expired, just had banged up outside packaging, which I don't care about.I think this place warrants a trip at least once a month for most households. Check for your big, expensive stuff (laundry detergent, tin foil, cleaners, toilet paper, meat if you eat it, etc.) and then make another trip to a grocery store for whatever you don't find. A little planning and effort can make this place a real money saver, too. Some fresh foods can be frozen for later use, like bread and many vegetables. Also, pre-seasoned meats can be cooked and then frozen for use within the next couple months. And this place can even be a great source of gifts, especially if your friends love food and/or cook. When I went, I saw a pretty great section of spices, oils and sauces (and not all of them were expired). Gift basket, duh. =)
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,5/27/2012,60,154,,3,2>Since Seven Mile Cafe only open till 3pm everyday, I have to say it wasn't easy for me to make that first visit (Please don't ask me why). The past weekend, I finally made the visit in time! I am very glad I did. First of all, Seven Mile Cafe took their coffee making pretty seriously! A+ for that. It also offers a very diverse breakfast and lunch menu options, no matter you are a carnival, vegetarian or vegan, there are something enticing for you. And best of all, everything on my plate tasted great! I ordered the Original Benny with a side order of fresh avocado. I may go ahead just say it, I think this place have the best hash brown in Town. I also love my perfectly cooked poached eggs and hollandaise sauce.  As a habit, I did some spying around at other people's orders, looks like everybody has something really fresh and good looking on the plates. I definitely will try my best to visit this place as often as possible, and soon. :)The reason I didn't give a 5 star was because it did took about at least 30 minutes before we finally got our tasty breakfast. To be fair, it was during the Lunch busy hour around 1pm on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, and it was a full-house.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,5/26/2012,55,196,2,5,4>As soon as I walked through the front door of the Oak Street Draft House, I loved it. Lots of beer choices on draft, a full bar, friendly bartenders and a big ass beer garden. This is the coolest new Denton bar we've had in years. I plan on spending plenty of quality time at this awesome new bar.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,5/25/2012,65,44,4,7,5>You can imagine my shock and surprise when I found out I had just relocated to a semi-dry county and can only find beer and wine stores near my house. My husband and I immediately thought... UH OH where do we go get booze?!? Someone suggested Goody Goody's to us and it was music to my ears. When we arrived and walked in, I said "Everything Literally IS Bigger in Texas". This place was incredible with selection, size, variety and very clean super store for any alcohol you could possibly want. The staff was very helpful and even carried out our box to our car for us. Good to know my alcoholic side will be well taken care of in Texas ~ Thank You Goody Goody Liquor!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,5/24/2012,28,60,,5,4>Oh My ....the Tilapia...grilled to perfection and then topped with succulent crabmeat layered over spinach with a "to-die-for sauce.  The grilled side veggies were a cut above anything you've come to expect from restaurants.  I thought the price was VERY reasonable.  My husband was in the mood for a burrito and even though it wasn't on the menu...they assured him that they could make one for him.  He said his beef (fajitas style meat) burrito was one of the best ever!  Our waiter was very helpful as well as accommodating and patient during the decision making process.  After reading the reviews, I only wish I'd tried that Margarita. Live and learn and OF COURSE....Would have been time well spentTo have Yelped before I went!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,5/23/2012,474,618,3,4,4>There are really only 2 things I like for breakfast:1. chocolate croissant & cappuccino; or2. some kind of Mexican egg dish (breakfast tacos, migas, etc)Esperanza's fully delivered on my Mexican breakfast craving. I had the Chilaquiles Verdes. A heavenly plate of eggs, fried tortilla strips covered gooey cheese mixed with some tomatillo salsa. Add a tall, icy cold Mexican coke to that and you've got one happy mama. I ordered some pancakes for the munchkin that were the lightest and fluffiest pancakes I've ever had. It's not fancy at all, but the food is the real deal and I'm not surprised to see Esperanza's packed on a Saturday morning.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,5/22/2012,69,32,3,3,2>Cellar 22 is a great little wine cellar right off Hickory Street, an area that has seen massive renovations in the past year. Instead of plowing down everything like on Fry Street, businesses have come in and fixed up these old buildings with beautiful facades. Cellar 22 is one of these businesses. It is sandwiched between two restaurants in a long narrow building with a smoke room at the back and tables and bar seating at the front.My experience here is mostly while visiting in the afternoons, having some port and sharing a cheese plate with friends. The bartenders there have always been charming, friendly, and very accommodating. It can get crowded later in the evening, especially if they have live music. If ever you liked anything you tried, you can come in any time and buy a bottle at a very reasonable price.I cannot comment on the crowd too much since I go in the afternoons only, but it seems to be an older crowd, or the occasional college student with their parents, or some visitors who hopped off the A-Train and stopped in to shop.In any case, I've never had a bad experience here and highly recommend it. Try their Port selection!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,5/21/2012,38,62,,4,3>Took the family here and it was the first time for the kids.  They had an alfredo pizza and a meat lovers pizza and they both gave it 4 out of 5 stars.  The only real complaint was that the crust got soggy after sitting on the pizza tray for a while (to be expected).  They said the flavor was really good.   I had the mediteranean pizza again and it was perfect.  Crust was nice and cripsy on the outside and still soft in the middle.  A little heavy on the olive oil is my only "negative", but still a 4.5 out of 5 stars.  I highly recommend this pizzeria.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2012,5/20/2012,11,105,3,3,2>It was one of those days: Quite aware that I had recently become a serious homebody, I was determined to spend my Friday morning out and about and non-homebody-ish. Combine that with a random desire to go to a bakery and ta-da! Enter the Social Bakehouse Cafe. This place is kind of fun. It's not quite a restaurant/diner. It's not quite a bakery. And even thought it's all fancy and dressy like some tea shop you'd find in a small town's historic square it's not that either. Somehow it's like someone took all three of those things and rolled them into one.First thing I noticed about the place is the dining area that dominates the majority of the floor space. Booths and tables are neatly organized in rows featuring fresh flowers in vases, nice linens, and a wonderfully tea house decor of sherbet tones like pink and orange. It's quite clean and rather impressive considering I was expecting more bakery than cafe. On the plus side this place has free wi-fi, which means it's great to sit awhile, have a book club meeting, or just some chat time with friends. I was also impressed to find that Social presents a full menu as well as being open for all three meals of the day. Of course this place sported the fancy salads and sandwiches and egg salads and whatnot that you'd expect from such a place, but there were some surprises on the menu too - like enchiladas, which were also packed up to-go just in case you wanted to take some to work! Very impressive. And don't doubt there was the normal bakery fare too, as in several types of cookies and butter cream cupcakes as well has a table sporting full cakes and such (and with all that butter cream it smelled AMAZING). This place also sported a self-serve drink station, complete with water, coffee, and fun flavors of iced tea like watermelon passion fruit. Considering it was breakfast time, I decided have breakfast. I ordered the Frosted Corn Flake French Toast, wondering what to expect. The single cashier/server/employee was adequate enough in his services and helpful, but didn't exactly have a warm and welcoming demeanor (although we was a tad more brighter to the regular who came in after me). He definitely didn't give me the feeling that I was welcome, but served me efficiently despite that. The frosted corn flake french toast was tasty, but on the petite side for $6. Not to mention it definitely looked like something I could have whipped up at home with Mrs. Baird's and plain old Corn Flakes. But it tasted good, I didn't have to make it myself, and it was just one item on the menu. Considering I am a fan of places you can sit in relax, I was a little taken with Social Bakehouse Cafe. There is a very strong chance that I will be returning in the near future to try something else on the menu (like those enchiladas, maybe? I have to admit I'm quite curious about those). Plus maybe next time I'll get the crack of a smile from that employee. Maybe. An optimistic but cautious 3-stars for now.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,5/19/2012,73,357,3,11,5>The proprietor -Ken- hasn't done any advertising since the place is still pretty unorganized but a coworker spotted Vintage Freak randomly getting her shoes fixed next door and hipped me to since she knew me and my beau are into records. The place is pretty huge and only a very small section of the records are arranged by artist -popular stuff from the 70's mostly- with everything else just in random boxes piled everywhere.  We thought this was cool but if you don't like to dig, this ain't your place.  He says they've been open 2 weeks and he's got thousands of records in storage so there's new stuff supposedly coming in constantly.  Prices are excellent -he said specifically that he doesn't want to be like Forever Young since their prices basically exclude anyone but the most serious collector.  He'll even let you clean off your records and play them on his turntable before you buy anything.  There's a ton of stuff aside from records- vintage furniture, some clothes, old books, laserdiscs (?) and other random thangalangs.  You gotta wiggle around and step around and over things as it is so it feels kinda like a big garage sale and the "new arrivals" room has an odd odor going on.  But I think it gives the place character!  Ken also says that they're going to get a lot more vintage clothes eventually, as it was today there were a couple piles of coats, a three piece western denim suit from the 70's, and a Gretchen Wilson t-shirt.  Wonderfully random!  All in all a really cool place if you're into discovering some new old music!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,5/18/2012,181,143,4,5,4>No need to beat around the bush... I've never really had anything here that I didn't like when related to sushi and appetizers.  My favorite app is the spicy tuna and crab nachos, and my favorite specialty rolls are the Axiom roll and the Tower of Pisa (which isn't really a roll, but a giant tower of deliciousness that's almost better than a roll).What I really wanted to write this review about is the service.  Last weekend I went here with a girlfriend before heading to a concert.  I knew that the Montgomery Plaza location closed at 11pm, so I assumed this location closed at 11pm (it was a Saturday.)  Well you know happens when you assume...  Yep.  It was about 9:45pm and they closed at 10:00.  Apparently on my side of town, everything closes early??  Well, the hostess said it was ok for us to be seated anyway but we decided to sit at the bar to expedite our service.  I'm glad we did, because the bartender, Brian, was really friendly and personable.  He was ok with us being there kind of late- after all, there were other people still in the restaurant anyway, and since we walked in at last call, he let us order a drink for our friend who was running late, but waited until she got there to make it so it was nice and fresh.  I've never tried the dinner entrees, but I have a definite addiction to pad thai, so I think I may have to go back and try it after Brian's recommendation.  This might just end up being my new neighborhood to-go Asian noodle spot!  (Right now, it's the Pho place just up the street, but their pad thai isn't as sweet as I'd like it.)
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,5/17/2012,15,49,,4,3>My friends and I eat here quite a bit and I got scolded this weekend for never writing a review so here goes: Old West is fantastic- we have tried something from every category on the menu and everything (and I mean everything) is fresh and delicious.  The food is typical breakfast fare with a local twist.  Our favorites are the Lucky Ace which is banana nut pancakes with peanut butter syrup (yeah i said it- peanut butter syrup-yummmm), the train robber, migas, top hats (old west's take on eggs benedict), breakfast quesadillas and omelets.  I know its alot of favorites but I told ya-everything thing on the menu is great. We have even had a couple of lunch items which were also very tasty.  I have really been impressed with Old West because the quality is CONSISTENT- every time we go the food is exactly as I expect it to be.  I think the food is reasonably priced and they have a rewards program so if you go often you can earn free meals. The service is top notch as well, the servers have all been very friendly, accommodating and quick!  And I can't say enough great things about the host, Justin- he does a wonderful job at managing the line and getting people eating as quickly as possible.  The ONLY downfall of this place is how crowded it gets- so WHEN you go- be prepared to wait about 30 to 45 minutes (more if you have a large party) in peak breakfast times. If you enjoy a good hearty breakfast you should really try this place out for yourself.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,5/16/2012,105,275,6,13,5>Now that I have exited the haze of my food coma I feel that I am able to appropriately review Winewood.  The food coma was deep, the drooling might still occur and we will return on another day.But what you really care about are food, drinks and service, right?Food:  This is a sister restaurant to the famed Bob's Steak & Chop House and I believe that little sister will make big sister proud.  The decor is clean and contemporary and the menu models that ideal.  We started with an order of Oysters Rockefeller; well, when I say 'we' I mean 'my husband.'  I am not a seafood fan.  He, on the other hand, ate all six in no time flat.  He said that they were some of the best he had had in Texas.  Their dinner menu spans all food types: Sandwiches (the prime rib french dip looked yummy), salads and meats.  Hubby had the melt-in-your mouth ribeye.  The ribeye was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and wonderfully marbled, but the smoked butter that was topping the steak stole the show.  Hands down.  The flavor that the smoked butter add simply cannot be replicated anywhere else that we have been.   I had the 8oz Fillet in a demi-glace sauce with Yukon potatoes and globe carrots.  The Fillet was tender and also had a wonderful flavor, the peppercorns in the demi-glace really made the steak 'pop.'  The potatoes were soft and fluffy yet full of flavor and paired well with the steak and sauce.  The carrots were OK, not the carrots I was expecting (I do love Bob's!) but they were a nice addition.  We also ordered a side of the smoked Gouda Mac & Cheese.  I was literally scraping the bottom of the dish trying to extract those last morsels of yummy, cheesy, bacon-y goodness.  Drinks:  Their Wine by the glass menu was a bit smaller than we expected, but their wine list is expansive if you choose to order by the bottle.  They also offer 2 Ports: Fladgate 10 and Ware's.  Hubby settled in for a nice Cab but i was craving something more.  Service:  Ok, so the 'service' and drinks' section kind of melds together at this point.  I mentioned that I really wanted a pear martini and asked if this was possible.  Our waiter wasn't sure but came back with the bar manager.  I explained that Bob's makes the best Pear martini in town and that I really, really wanted one.  He asked if I was in a rush and then offered to walk to Bob's and get their recipe.  The Martini was blissful, amazing, so full of flavor.  The second one was good, too.  This is just one example, however, of the great service we experienced.  The staff truly worked all as one and took ownership of the entire restaurant.  My glass was barely empty before someone showed up to remove it from the table and ask if I cared for another; the last Oyster was still on my husband's lips when a server appeared to remove the empty dishes from our table and ask how the appetizer was.  Our waters never went below half-full... the list goes on.  I was impressed with the attention to detail.Hubby wants to go back and try the Cordon Bleu and I'll probably get the filet with the smokey butter they put on the ribeye.  We will definitely be going back.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/15/2012,14,54,6,8,2>The Abbey Underground is one of Denton's best kept secrets. $1 wells on Friday and Saturday nights, no cover, while talented DJs play dance music from the 80's and 90's. This place is HAPPENING! On Thursday nights, there's live swing music played by some of UNT's most talented jazz musicians. Point of clarification: Don't expect to go here to have a nice chat with friends, this place is loud. Expect to dance your brains out, you funky party weasel, and get your drink on!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,5/14/2012,50,113,2,3,2>Hurray! A decent place with delivery! This area is sadly lacking in authentic Asian food & my first choices in Richardson/Plano are too far away during a "school night."After Wing Hing messed up our last delivery, I was beginning to despair. But, Little Asia has saved me. It is pretty good & I will order from them again. Hubby got chicken chow mein with crispy noodles + bonus fried rice. We also tried their shrimp spring roll, beef egg roll, fried dumplings, crab Rangoon & chicken Singapore rice noodles.The spring roll isn't fried & I love that. It was a little loosely wrapped but I still managed to dab the yummy peanut sauce on it. My Singapore noodles were good & spicy, no egg, just like I ordered. And, the fried dumplings were perfect, just a little greasy but I added some siracha for fun.  I typically don't eat fried but had a bite of the Rangoon & it's just okay. I did not try the chow mein but hubby said it reminded him of his old college haunt.I cannot wait to try the tofu dishes they offer. And, I like they do not use MSG like other places do. They also use vegetable oil. It will do for dinner when you just don't feel like going out :)  I even had enough for leftovers the next day so I was very pleased with the quality and prices!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,5/13/2012,43,90,9,17,3>Visited the new Legoland on April 5th with my 3 year old nephew, sister-in-law and mother-in-law who were all vacationing from Michigan.Once you get your tickets, you wait about 5 minutes for a factory tour.  Not really a tour, but a chance for kids to interact with the "Professor" for a few minutes.  You then get to take a ride where there are video screens of ghosts and skeletons that you get to shoot with a laser pointer gun.  It even keeps score.  Way cool-even for this 35 year old.We saw the Bob the Builder 4D movie which was awesome.  We checked out the Mini Dallas lego feature which was truly amazing.  Lego building replicas such as Cowboys stadium, Rangers ballpark, DFW airport, etc...There is also this 3-4 story jungle gym.  My nephew had a blast in this.  However, this is where the trip got really weird.  Near the gated entrace to the gym, there is a seating area and to the far right of that area...was a big, bulky lego structure.  Not even sure what it was....it was just there.  As I was standing up trying to locate my nephew, I was walking backwards and my left foot stepped on some kids shoe (that a parent let just sit in the middle of the floor) and I lost my balance, braced my left hand against the lego structure so I wouldn't fall and bust my butt.  I would of rather busted my butt as my left thumb caught the edges of this structure and I now have TWO huge gashes-one at the base of thumb and another about inch below the first gash.  I was bleeding profusely.  One of the employees noticed it....and he assisted me in getting it all cleaned up and bandaged.I did contact Legoland about perhaps putting a roped off path to the entrance of this jungle gym...that way kids and parents don't leave their shoes in the middle of the floor. Overall, though...I had a great time and so did my nephew.  And...I left with a permanent memento of my visit due to the scar that will form :P
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,5/12/2012,77,365,2,6,2>I have come here quite a few times, either to have my nostrils pierced and re-pierced or to get a tattoo. The woman who does my piercings is amazing and she always makes me feel comfortable when getting them done, because I am deathly scared of needles and the pain that follows.The artist who did my tattoo was friendly, and attractive to boot!Their piercings are 20$ which I think is unbelievably cheap compared to the 40$ a piece I am used to in Houston.Overall, they could have a bit more parking but this place rocks. They do a great job, are cheap and have good customer service that explains the after-care to you extensively.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,5/11/2012,49,31,6,7,6>Many many flavors to choose from. I just discovered jalapeño flavored. I got myself some of those and spicy cheddar. Both are tasteful! If you're not sure what to get, they'll let you have samples. Just ask the worker there. Also. UTA students get a discount on their entire purchase. At checkout, tell them you attend UTA and they'll apply your discount. Enjoy!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,5/10/2012,356,554,,4,3>I love Movie Tavern.  They offer different options of food including healthy options.  I love their flat bread.  The Turkey and Roasted Pepper flatbread is by far one of the best.  I love the concept of dining while watching a movie.  If you want to be bad, their queso is GREAT.  Their nachos is a big pile of yumminess too.  The crispy chipotle sliders are really good too.  It has the perfect sweet/salty taste to it all on a hawaiian roll. Mmmm Mmmmmm.  Ticket prices are really decent compared to other places.  On opening nights, I do suggest  you GET THERE EARLY!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,5/8/2012,29,102,,4,4>I've wanted to try this place ever since i saw Donatella win Top Chef Ft. Worth a couple of years ago, but was always put off by all the warnings about the teensy tables, the long wait, the no reservations policy, the only open on weekdays thing, the charging for wineglasses, the uncomfortable stools etc. But they did take reservations for Valentines Day and the boyfriend took charge and made them, so I had to finally go. We arrived with wine, corkscrew and wineglasses in hand. Turns out, they weren't charging for the glasses anyway. Maybe a Valentines Day perk. 8 other couples and we two crowded into maybe 80 sq feet, sharing 6 tables. Evan and Veronica sat with us. Thank goodness they were charming dinner companions.  Cute little first V day together med students. We were seated near the front door, near the kitchen door, near the bathroom etc, but so was everyone else. It's just that tiny. We had to wait a bit, so we were already into our first bottle of wine (yes, I said first implying that there was a second, which there was. We came prepared for long waits. Don't judge :) When we were finally seated en masse, most of us had already opened the wine. A couple of guys left to get more. I'm saying, just be prepared. It was a prix fixe menu $50 - 5 courses.  We started with an appetizer plate of a smoky maple infused bacon, some toasts with mushrooms and some type of bread. It was just OK. A little cold. Seemed like it had been plated awhile before we received it. Second course - I ordered the caesar salad - it was good - nothing earth shattering but I would order it again. The BF however made the better choice and opted for the roasted red pepper soup. It was outstanding. He only let me have one teeny tiny taste tho. Then the pasta. Handmade spinach gnochhi w a tomato cream sauce and handmade ravioli stuffed with sausage and something else entirely fabulous, I can't remember. I have never had better pasta, even in Italy. As we were eating I could see Donatella and her cooks, running around the kitchen whisking, stirring etc and wondered how they possibly had time to make this pasta. At this point I was stuffed, but then the main course. We chose Osso Buco to share. It came with a side of roasted brussel sprouts. With these roasted sage leaves. We were fighting over the sage. It was just criminally good. Very rich, succulent in fact. I've never used the word "succulent" in a review before.   Desserts were 3. Some type of fruit thing involving bananas, and I don't do bananas, a creme puff type thing - I ate all of the creme out of it and what they called a chocolate mousse, but seemed more like a chocolate gelato - dense, dark, sweet, divine. We both ate twice as much as we normally do, which was a good thing since we drank twice as much as we normally do. I weighed the morning after and somehow found 2 pounds I'll have to work off this week. But you have to smoke em when you got em. This meal was fabulous and we plan to go back in a couple of weeks to order less off the menu. I can hardly wait. And as a little added bonus, Donatella came out and talked to the few of us dawdling over dessert and wine and she was completely entertaining - telling us about her trips back to Italy every three months so she can get her hair cut. And about her family still there. And about her passport issues. I told her about how we attended the Top Chef finals and saw her win. Asked how she had time to make pasta in the 45 minutes allotted. Her answer " I can make a good pasta in 4 minutes". I'm a believer. This woman can cook and the digs are charming.  We had an absolute blast. Oh, and NO TV. just food, wine and conversation. What a concept. Yay!!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,5/7/2012,243,187,4,7,7>This review offers nothing not already said below.   The food was Fantastic.  The service was Outstanding.   The atmosphere was casual yet classy.  The room was crowded and the wine flowed like melted butta!And did I say the food was Fantastic?Lamb kabobs = to DIE forOne of our group had the salmon and she was raving about it.My wife - the vegan of the group, loved the falafel.The pricing is very reasonable and they were very eager to help open wine, bring glasses, keep the flow going of the entire experience.Did I mention how fantastic the food was?Josh was our server.  A young man with a quiet, sincere presence yet a full understanding of the menu.  His operation was more fluid and professional than some 5-star restaurants I've been to.   Another young man was assisting him and was equally "on the spot".     Guys - this is the type of service we can all appreciate.  You don't go over the top to ask us every 5 seconds if we need anything, you don't pester us to order desert.   You don't try to up-sell the menu to us.   Oh, and besides having completely fantastic food.......the Baklava???....the Baklava!!!!....THE BAKLAVA WAS THE MOST HEAVENLY BAKLAVA THAT ANY OF US HAD EVER TASTED.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,5/6/2012,298,874,4,8,6>I've been curious about this place ever since the reviews started popping up in the "New Reviews Near You" section. This past weekend I finally got to dine at Bayou Jacks. The evening starts out with a 15-minute wait on a Saturday night at 7PM. "Not bad.", I think. It also gives us time to peruse the place and to look over the menu."While waiting I spot a barrel of free peanuts and grab a basket for us to nibble on. Then I see the rack of special hot sauces, in case the plainer varieties on the table are too tame for you (more on this later). I also see there is a $1 Jello Shot special whenever a train goes by (the tracks are on the other side of 377).After getting seated we opt for oysters on the half-shell and the calamari for appetizers. When we mentioned oysters, our server broke off, saying the quicker she gets the order in the better... And it was. We got the last oysters in the house (which is too bad, as the grilled oysters sounded good too). While waiting for the apps I wandered back to the rack of hot sauce and grab a few of the more interesting bottles... One, 357 Mad Dog*, turned out to be the hottest hot sauce I have ever tasted in my life... And don't me wrong, I like hot. So the apps arrive and the oysters are freshly shucked and tasty. The calamari is also good, but the sauce with them was a very forgettable marinara.... But that's OK, we had hot sauce. The first one (Dave's Ghost Pepper Sauce) I tried was hot, but not kill ya hot. The second one (Da' Bomb Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce) was also hot, maybe a tad hotter, but also heavier on the vinegar. Then I swipe my calamari through the Mad Dog. At first I could not breath... Then my eyes started tearing profusely. Then my nose started running. I could not talk for several seconds. Then the pain started. And the burn. A swig of my root beer provided only temporary relief. After a few minutes I was seriously worried about how long the pain would last. Oddly it was the horseradish with the oysters that gave me the most relief, but the pain persisted. Then the food shows.Lucky for me I ordered the "Shrimp Grits", which was very rich, creamy and cheesy, and the dairy finally started to put out some of the fire in my mouth and throat. I started to actually enjoy my food. I've had shrimp and grits before, but this was different. The "grits" were a big square block in the middle of the plate. The shrimp, and the very creamy sauce with andouille sausage, tomato, green onions and jalapeños, were on and around the block of grits. I'm not sure if I was to mash it together, but I enjoyed forking off chunks of the grits to dip in the sauce. All in all a very tasty dish, but rich, very rich.Also at the table were two orders of crawfish etouffee. I thought the dish could have been served hotter (temperature hot), and the crawfish were tiny and a tad rubbery (frozen perhaps). This dish did not work for me. The fourth dish at the table was the Mahi Mahi. I was told it was very good. While the dessert options looked good, I already decided I needed a generous serving of frozen yogurt to (hopefully) finally put out the 357 fire that still smoldered in my mouth.Bottom Line: Fun place, good food, great server (thanks Tara), and an amazingly hot hot sauce. It was a bit noisy, as Jack's is just one large room. A small bar occupies one corner.  I would definitely consider Bayou Jack's next time I'm craving Cajun or oysters on the half-shell (but I'll stay away from the 357 Mad Dog). Oh, for those finding this location hard to find, it's where One Fish Two Fish used to be. It now has a nice string of multi-colored lights along the roof-line. Or if you prefer, nested between Dove Creek and what was Prairie House Restaurant (now called Reno Red's and you will see their neon sign).PS. The "Jack" in Bayou Jack is the same Jack of Jack's Porch in Southlake. This location seems more geared to being a restaurant, than a bar... But there's still a drink special when a train goes by ($1 Jello Shots).* 357 Mad Dog Hot Sauce (there's a yellow zip-tie on the bottle), Label says 600,000 Scoville units (FYI, a jalapeño is around 6,000 and the habenero around 200,000). Know someone who thinks they can handle the heat? Get them a bottle of this stuff! [edit] Looking at the web this sauce is described as 357,000 Scoville, hence the name, but Thuy swears the bottle said 600K. I might have to go back just to confirm. Regarless of the number, it's HOT!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,5/5/2012,5,27,5,14,8>Ñusta's Cafe receives 5/5 stars for the simple fact that this is as good as it gets in the DFW area for Peruvian restaurants.The restaurant is only open Wednesday to Friday from 4-9 and then opens at 12 pm on the weekends. This obviously cuts down on their operating costs, but it also avoids irritating lunch-hour customers who do not have the time to wait on slow-kitchen service. What this restaurant lacks in speed, they do make up for it in quality and hospitality.What I really liked about this restaurant compared to other Peruvian restaurants is that they have found the perfect balance in their ambiance and price-points.  The décor is not-at-all kitschy, their staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and their prices afford the unfamiliar as well as the familiar the opportunity to sample a variety of Peruvian dishes. They also do not play music that is not typical of Peru, which in my opinion, avoids the association that all countries south of the U.S. border share the same cuisine and culture.The preparation and the presentation of the food clearly reflect the chef's formal training in Peruvian cuisine, which is another trait that puts this place ahead of other Peruvian restaurants. We probably tried about half of the menu (again great price points) and the ones that stood out as favorites were: the Leche de Tigre, Lomo Saltado, Empanadas, and the Lucuma Ice Cream.  Since this is a BYOB establishment, I highly suggest that you stop off at the Tom Thumb nearby and purchase a six pack of Cristal or Cusqueña to complement your meal(s).There aren't any TVs there to watch local or international sporting events, but this doesn't work against the restaurant since the quality and variety of the food are enough to stimulate your taste buds and entertain your mind. Ñusta's is definitely worth the repeat visit. On a final cultural note, Ñusta is the Quechua (Inca) word which refers to the Virgenes del Sol (Virgins of the Sun) or a Virgin Inca Princess.So, if you have never tried Peruvian food, Ñusta's deserves to be your first.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,5/4/2012,22,40,,11,4>Black Dog Pizza just opened in the Arlington Highlands complex.  I was on my way to a good but not exciting meal at Black Eyed Pea's newest location and saw the grand opening banner.  I changed my mind.  Bottom line: the pizza is delicious.  They have all the styles you'd expect - regular and thin, and a plethora of ingredients to choose from.   They've also got some other options like BBQ chicken pizza and it was truly fantastic.   The chef came out to see how I liked it and we talked pizza for awhile.  They make the dough on the spot using a sourdough blend.  It crispy, light, and wonderfully delicious.  There's quite a few other menu options as well like baked meatball subs and wings and a brownie sundae or NY style cheesecake for dessert.      I sat at the expansive full bar.   Beer on tap included Dos Equis, Guiness, Miller light, and heineken.       There were at least half a dozen huge TVs going and a sound system you could host a rock concert with.  You can see it to the right of the front door.   The place was quiet when I was there but I could tell it had the potential for a hell of a party atmosphere.  I will be back.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,5/3/2012,134,301,2,6,5>It takes a lot for me to go to an Italian restaurant and love every minute of it, but finally there's a place that lives up to the reviews of others.  Who would have guessed that as an Italian food junkie and wine enthusiast, I would find it at a location that doesn't have a wine list at all!  Such a great experience from walking in the door until getting in the car to go home.Our server, Matt, was as good as it gets.  Tremendously friendly, he helped us walk through the menu for the best selection and put together something unique for each of us (there's as many items off the menu as there are on it!).  We had just gotten back from a wine sale at World Market and thankfully had a trunk full of wine, because he informed us that its BYOW.  I ran to the car and grabbed a bottle of Barbera, which Matt quickly opened and placed next to wine glasses on the table for us.  We started off with some of the most perfectly textured and flavored calamari that I've ever had and continued to pour over the menu in the mean time.  Matt even brought us a special spicy marinara sauce for them that he makes up, and it was awesome.  Do yourself a favor and get it, too. As for Matt, its not every day that you find a server that truly seems to love what they are doing day in and out, and he was such a joy to have had serve us.  It was truly appreciated by us.Okay, so as for the meal... so very happy to have settled on Prima Pasta that night!  We added an order of hand breaded mozzarella sticks while we waited.  The crust had great texture and the insides just oozed delicious cheesy goodness.Whew... was having a flavor flashback for a second there... Alright, composure... composure... I added sauteed shrimp to the gorgonzola gnocchi for my entree and was nearly taken back by its size when it arrived.  Then was immediately made into the prime example of culinary bliss at the taste of its simple complexity.  The sauce unbroken and delicious along with perfectly crafted gnocchi: not too dense or soft, nor too big or small.  The shrimp were well prepared and maintained their tenderness.  It was everything that I could have hoped for, and such a large portion that I had to take some home.  Then came dessert. It was imperative that I take some with me, and while I wish I could have eaten there, i was already on the cusp of a food coma.Its all but decided that we'll be regulars there from this point on.  Amazing food and service, a fun atmosphere, and the fact that bringing your own bottle of wine just feels like you are doing something wrong yet fun.  TIP A- if you don't have time to snag a bottle of wine on your way, there is a Majestic Beer, Wine, & Spirits across the parking lot!TIP B- They deliver up to 3 miles in radius, so take advantage if you live close enough.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2012,5/2/2012,82,285,,6,4>We finally got to eat at Bronson Rock tonight. We've tried go come here for lunch on the weekends, but up til this week they have only been open in the evening. From now on, they'll be open at 11:00 a.m daily...First, for a Tuesday night at a newly opened place, it's clear this place already has regulars. Good for them! We grabbed a booth and quickly realized this won't be a quiet joint- loud music, even louder folks, and bad acoustics. But the music was good so it was tolerable. We had very friendly, attentive service. We started with wings (lemon pepper and mild buffalo), which were both pretty tasty- they were definitely fresh from the grease, as they were smoking hot when they came to our table. For the main meal, I went with the Rock cheeseburger, which comes with fries. The burger is served on a poppyseed bun- not so much the fan, particularly when it's kind of dry. The veggies on the burger were fresh and tasty. The patty itself was... well-done. I'll definitely go medium next time. Fries were good and rings were just fine. I'm eager to try this place another time in hopes of having a less dry patty. I think it'll be better, especially on nicer days - lots of patio seating is calling my name!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,5/1/2012,82,91,1,5,5>Best Japanese Restaurant in Town? Yes, even though I haven't tried another one. Those Sushi Axiom like places don't really appeal to me. Put it like this, if you taste something good you don't need to try anything else to confirm it's good.The restaurant isn't huge but there seems to be a outdoor seating area that probably doubles the capacity of the indoor seating. Nicely decorated with photography of japan that you can probably buy. The parking is in the back and seems to be shared with several businesses. The food itself was good. The Tok fries are good, but you know I'm not a huge fan of thick cut fries. The fries comes with this mayo and flakes for dipping and there were probably at least 3-4 whole potatoes in that appetizer. The scallop/tuna lotus crisp was very interesting with a mix of tenderness from the scallops/tuna and the crunch of the lotus root and mini balls?.I got the healthy bento for lunch, which is a good light lunch. The sashimi had 2 pieces of each 4 types of fish. The fruit was nicely sliced and appeared fresh. The cucumber and crab roll were nothing special but satisfied my rice needs.The roll my friend got was really good. All their rolls appeared to not be named at this time and not on the menu so the waitress had to tell us all the ingredients. It was a bit tedious but well worth it. It will cost about $12 and I hope next time it's on the menu so I won't make the waitress tell me about the roll and she was really good at reciting it.Also got the "japanese pizza" and tasted the pork belly, but it was pretty heavy and about the size of my hand. (on the dinner menu, but you can order it at lunch)
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,4/30/2012,53,93,,3,3>Was expecting "okay" and they gave us fantastic! We made a reservation, which I recommend you do the same. This place gets crowded on a Friday night. With good reason.Yummy food at (I think) very reasonable prices. I had the free range BBQ chicken with cole slaw and deviled eggs. Hubby had the NY Strip, Mom had the filet, and Dad had the Texas pork ribs.  We did a little sharing and everything was tasty.Great menu and a more than decent wine and cocktail list. I think I've found my new favorite in Fort Worth. Definitely give The Tavern a try for a super good dining experience!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/29/2012,34,293,,4,4>The T&P Tavern is quite the hidden gem.  It is impressive to hide a venue in the T&P Lofts, particularly since it is so close to downtown and is on the wide-open Lancaster Street.  To get there, guests must park in the lot for the T&P Lofts and walk towards the trains.  There is a vinyl sign on the north wall of the building, but you have to practically be in the bar to see any lit signs.  There are 24 beers on tap.  I sampled a Hennepin, which was pretty tasty, but I also noticed a special treat marked by the tap on the end: Rahr's Winter Warmer.  Man, that's good beer!  I'm not usually into specialty cocktails, but some of the folks there were going crazy over the Bacon Martini.  My usual thought is that just about anything is better with bacon, so why not booze?  I didn't try it, but I could imagine...The interior looks like an interesting refusal to update.  The ceilings are very high, which reminds patrons that this was in fact once part of the working train station.  The light fixtures look very dated as well, and one of the people I talked to claimed that their head was being dripped upon.  I guess that could be a drawback to the lack of refurbishment.  In fact, the only part of the interior that looks updated are the bathrooms (thank goodness they did that much!).  Also, the exterior patio area looks wide enough that 3 basketball games could be played there at the sime time.I remember having an interesting feeling there that even though I knew I was in downtown and in the train station, that this is a quaint, secluded place to enjoy some good beverages. I'll be back to see if that is usually the case.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,4/28/2012,423,452,2,4,4>Honestly this coffee shop is a hidden GEM. I'm so happy I stumbled upon this cute little coffee shop because I swear I haven't had a latte so delicious. I'm a big time espresso girl from California and this place is definitely better than Starbucks. I'd say it's as good as Peet's and Coffee Bean! I wish I didn't live so far away from Coffee Dreamers or I would come by every single day. Their coffee beans are stronger, better quality and it actually keeps me awake all day. Also, their prices are cheaper than other coffee places I've tried. Customer service is extremely friendly and warm... Please open another shop on Camp Bowie/7th so I don't have to drive all the way there for an amazing latte. OBSESSED.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,4/27/2012,32,103,,3,2>First of all, the interior is nicely decorated. I actual place is somewhat smaller than that I expected, but I like the small nature of it. I came on a Friday night and there were a few empty tables. The service is okay, though it seemed like the entire staff was scrambling around to get things to tables. The waiter was very nice. They were good on drink refills until later on, when it stopped coming. :(The food is pretty good. I got the General Tso's chicken with white rice. The food itself was okay, but the sauce was really heavy. It sorta coagulated on the plate. Maybe that was due to the staff waiting for everyone's dish to be ready before sending it out, or what, I don't know. I also got an order of the California roll. This was my first time eating it and it was pretty damn tasty. I also tried the Banana Mama roll and that was my favorite. I didn't even know there was eel in it! I squirm at the thought of it now but it was delicious. I would have never thought of banana and sea food together but it worked perfectly. I like the pickled ginger that was on every sushi dish as well, it was a refreshing side.I also tired a glass of the plum wine and it's very good. Sweet at first but then the alcohol hits you at the end. Definitely on my "To Buy" wine list.This place has turned me into a fan of sushi.-----------****Oh one thing, this place was so difficult to find. On Google Maps, it said this place is located between Mayfield and Arkansas on 360. NO! It's wrong! Ginza is located further south on 360 off Camp Wisdom. It's in the plaza with Petco and Chase. I don't know why it's incorrectly labeled on the map. Just a heads up.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,4/26/2012,172,211,11,6,4>If I'm asked what I want as my last thing to eat before I die, it will be a strawberry rhubarb pie from granny's cupboard. And I'm not freaking sharing or you might get hurt!  Everything i have had from this adorable little bakery has been amazing. They make almost everything from scratch right on site.  They do carry miscellaneous candies, jams, candles, gifts, and other novellties in the front of the store that are not made there...they are great products from other companies.   But, if its baked, it is made here on site.  Most of the time, you can see things coming out of the oven in the back cooling, or flour, dough, and supplies on the counters in the back of the store where the owner is working on the next delicious treat.  So far, I have tried several pies, brownies, cookies, and fudge.  I think she also has cakes.  Most things are either buy the slice, or by the whole pie.The shop is run by a mother with help of her young daughter.  They are wonderful, friendly, ladies...typical over the top southern hospitality here.  Both times I have been in, its been because we are eating at Babe's next door.  But, I often think of going over to Roanoke JUST for pie.  The first time we went, we were just going shop to shop in the area while we killed time waiting for our table on a Friday or Saturday, so it was a long wait.  We wandered into Granny's cupboard next door and the smell of heaven, er, I mean pie, was overwhelming and tantilizing.  I asked what pies she had by the slice, and she listed off a couple options.  I was sad, because I saw that Strawberry Rhubarb was an option from the menu on the wall..but she had not mentioned it as an option.  I actually had never tried Strawberry Rhubarb, but had forever been wanting to.  My mother asked what pie was in the over...and it was as if sweet Jesus was raining his love right down on me at that moment....it was FREAKING STRAWBERRY RHUBARB!   We asked how long until it was ready....and she said with cooling time it would be over an hour, which was just about when they were closing and when we'd be at Babe's eating.  The sweet angel of a woman said she'd sell us the whole pie and we could come get it in an hour.  We paid, went to Babes to eat.  Half way through the meal, I went to grab the pie and bring it back.  The delicious aroma had people literaly dropping their chicken legs and biscuits, and looking around to locate where that smell of sweet ambrosia was coming from. I was actually planning on taking it back to the table and serving up a slice for everyone in our group intially. But, after seeing the look on the faces of patrons around us, I decided that would be a poor idea.  I felt as if I walking around a bunch of hungry zombies...and had I sliced that pie, I would have instantly been surrounded by hungry begging face inquiring as to if they could have a slice.  I could already tell from the look and smell of this pie, that it was going to be awesome, and I didn't want to share.  Questionable if this pie would be enough for even the group I was with. So, I made the executive judgement that he pie need to cool more...and took it home.  Upon ariving home, I served up a slice for myself, my mother, and my step father.  My step father said he didn't want any (he was trying to cut down on sweets), but I talked him into living a little and having a slice.  He proclaimed I gave him too big a slice and he'd never finish it.  I sat down to eat my slice, and after popping the first perfect bite in my mouth I seriously think I had an orgasim in my mouth.  My mother decided she was too full from gorging at Babe's and would try a slice tommorow.  My step father quickly snatched her slice and gobbled it down.  We began to eye each other like two dogs about to fight over a bone.  He tried to claim he didn't like the pie all that much.  I had to go back for a second slice...although I was in a great deal of pain from eating too much at Babe's myself.  After that, we closed the lid, and went to bed, where I had visions of Strawberry Rhubarb pie dancing through my head.   I woke up, and instantly decided that I would have a slice for breakfast (naturally).  I went into the kitchen gleefully to enjoy another little slice of heaven.  I nearly had a heart attack when I discovered that the FREAKING PIE WAS GONE!  My mother F*cker step dad (love you normally, sorry) had eaten the whole damn thing!  He said he kept waking up and going in and having another slice.  In under 10 hours, he had eaten about 7/8 of the pie himself. I honestly could have cried right then an there.....or murdered him.  Both thoughts went through my head.  The crust on the pie is divine, the filing is delicious.  Our pie was a bit runny, perhaps because we didn't wait for it fully cool, or maybe this is how it is supposed to be.  It made for a messy and less than perfect LOOKING pie...but I honestly think that it was perfect in taste and texture.  MMMMMMmmmmm I want one now!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,4/25/2012,257,111,6,6,6>This tiny restaurant located in front of a strip mall on a very busy and bumpy street catches my eye each time I drive to my friends house. It's drive through only and all I gotta say is.. Spicy Gizzards!!!! To be honest, I had no idea what gizzards were until I looked it up. At first I was shocked and a little weirded out but these things are way too good to pass up.I wish I had more to say about this place but it's pretty basic and they concentrate on what they know. Since it's drive through, I can't get any feel for the atmosphere or customer service but it's definitely a place that's interesting to try.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,4/24/2012,10,36,2,8,5>On my first visit to Stevie's Diner I really enjoyed the atmosphere. There are tons of adorable retro knick knacks and just a great vibe overall. I didn't want a huge meal, so I ordered the oatmeal which came with walnuts, raisins, and brown sugar as add-ins on the side, and assorted fruit. I like that they offer some healthier options that aren't salad! I couldn't not order a milk shake, so I went with chocolate. Everything was delicious and really hit the spot! My boyfriend had a BLT with "tons of bacon" and onion rings which he really enjoyed. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be going back, and I can't wait to try some of the other menu options.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,4/23/2012,273,298,4,5,4>I visited Hoochie's this past Saturday. This restaurant has a great wrap-around patio. We rode our bikes up here and ate some raw oysters and a fried oyster poboy. The oysters were fresh and delicious. You walk in and place your order and then they bring you your food. All the employees were really helpful. Good beer prices. We enjoyed our food with a bunch of Harley riders with Cajun accents. The only negative was that I kept having to get up to get stuff. After you order, grab your condiments, horseradish, napkins, and forks. Get your cocktail or tarter sauce from the register person. The raw oysters come out with no sauces, lemons, or oyster forks so stock up before you sit down. I was kind of confused on if we needed to bus our own baskets or not. Overall, amazing patio, cold beer, fresh oysters for a good price, good staff. I'm a fan.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,4/21/2012,72,77,6,6,1>You know you shake a movie star's hand and you don't wash it for a week, well, I feel like not brushing my teeth for awhile.  I sitll have the best taste in my mouth as I write a review as fresh as the food I just ate.This is a great place.  It's a nice hole in the wall, great for casual lunch or perfect for a dinner date.  If you want to impress someone with good food and a great wine list without going to a chain - this is it.  The portions are perfect, many Americans overeat anyhow.  I mean a simple lunch plate comes with pasta or veggies, salad or soup, garlic bread, etc.  Plenty to eat.  Plus I'd rather have a smaller portion of a high quality fresh ingredient than tons of crap out of a can or microwave. The prices are high compared to a fast food or sub shop - but this is great Italian!  It's a sit down and get great service meal in a good atmosphere.  It's cheaper than the chain restaurants overall.I went for lunch, was immediately seated.  I had a $11 plate, pollo saltimbocca.  It was awesome, the promiscuito was great and made the dish pop.  The veggies make the dish so colorful and they are very fresh and cooked perfectly.I also got the calamari fritti and the batter was perfect.  Ideally maybe an extra dash of pepper.  I recommend a squirt of lemon juice and no need for the dipping sauce - save that for the garlic bread.  The appertiff was $5.  I don't know where else I can get a good quality calamari appetizer for $5.Price for the area and quality is excellent.Portions perfect.Atmosphere - this is a nice place to have a drink at night even.I would highly recommend this place.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,4/20/2012,47,192,4,5,3>Let's not talk about the gaping hole in my heart since Junsuree's unceremonious closing. If only I'd gone a few more times. If only I'd invited all my neighbors, acquaintances, and the people in line at Target. But that's in the past, and Thai Tina is here in the present. And so today I ventured downtown to try the Thai restaurant, hidden inside downtown's Embassy Suites (yeah, I though it was weird too). Once I got over the whole Embassy Suites thing, and the tacky carpet, I was totally impressed by the menu. I love that the produce is local, and there's so much variety and spice across different sections (soup, salad, noodles, seafood, curries--plenty of options, including vegetarian and vegan, within each kind of meal). Prices are pretty steep, with even the most basic salad or noodle dish priced around $13. I decided to do decadent tonight, and went for the Lobster Penang Curry. They added just the right amount of basil, and my mouth was on fire in a good way. At $23 a serving, it's not the most budget-friendly meal, but I totally deserved it. Boyfriend went with a ginger tofu salad, which is not a very traditional meal (you're not going to find romaine lettuce-based dishes across Thailand...trust me, I've been 3 times!). It was good, but not $13 good. So now I'm stuck thinking about how many stars I should give Thai Tina's. Now that Junsuree is gone, it really doesn't have any competition within the city limits (yes, I know that Haltom City has a few places, and of course there are other Thai joints scattered across the Metroplex, but I'm talking pure Fort Worth) they will become the Thai restaurant of choice (because we have no other choice). Let's not let it go to their heads! I definitely liked it, and I will go back, but the prices are obnoxiously high. At least you don't have to stress about downtown parking--you can valet park for free at the hotel.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,4/19/2012,82,320,,4,2>wanted to change it up for breakfast one weekend and drove WAY out to lewisville to try mama's daughters diner. i was a little intimidated when heading toward the entrance. it's located in the older part of lewisville and there wasn't much to the place.we were pleasantly surprised when the rolls and cornbread arrived at our table. warm, soft, and delicious. i resisted stuffing my face with the breads before my meal arrived. i ordered the fried catfish with corn and spicy fries and my  husband ordered the chicken fried steak with green beans and mashed potatoes. everything was great. even the fries were crispy. my husband said he liked my catfish more than his entree, but i thought both were tasty.plus, a few stores down was a second hand furniture store where i found a great sewing table for $25. definitely a bonus after a great meal.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,4/18/2012,263,371,8,6,5>You like those little dress 'em up frozen yogurt shops? Yeah? How about cake and ice cream too? And a little made to order crepe stuffed with walnuts, almonds, and Nutella?All this and more. I recently got engaged, recently started a wedding diet, and then recently ruined it by eating a frilly chocolate cake of some kind, the aforementioned crepe, and a steamed milk. Got my friend a lemon tart and the grand total was like $15 something. The service was pleasant enough, too.Ample seating. There was an Apple geekazoid plugged into the wall and a couple moms with small kids. Had plenty of space for girl talk as soon as the screaming children left.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,4/17/2012,66,283,,5,3>So, have been here 5 times now since '08, across several different experiences, the 1st one solo, as reviewed below, now to add:2nd visit in '08 with wifey--same outside bar, same fun ambience, same yummy drinks and appetizers, same luckily relocation expensed bill!3rd visit in  '08 with wife and kids...inside dining, same yummy food and drinks, same price bill, still luckily expensed4th visit in '11 with wife as part of Southlake Super Bowl party...they had set up a tent alongside the patio and had stand-up tables...we enjoyed cocktails and appetizers and big-screen experience for the game amidst other party goers...good times...5th visit in '12...used a $120 gift card (thanks mom-in-law)...yummy Margarita Vespa cocktail, good dark Italian amber draft beer, very large wedge bacon and cheese salad, shared a 4-combination brushcetta appetizer, went with jump scallops pasta dish and already so full had take home for lunch next day...Too stuffed for desert....$150 for four with tip...Good thing for relocation expense account and generous mom-in-law...might not be back for a while if on my own dime as it is a pricey experience, but I love the location, atmoshphere and good tastes...Reporting for wife--she likes lunch here with GF'sReporting for daughter--she likes kids plates here with friends: says huge $5 portions...maybe I should just crouch a little?
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,4/16/2012,145,116,,4,3>Since I had the review of the day on 1/16/12 for a review I wrote an entire year ago, an entire chef  departure ago, an entire interior redesign ago, an entirely different menu ago, and an entirely different "concept" ago, I feel as if a RE-review is only fair.When reading the reviews below, it's important to realize that there have been TWO Brownstones now.  Brownstone Restaurant past which existed up until late October 2011 (that of the celebrity chef, locally sourced menu, waitstaff snobbery, and Sheraton lobby interior) and the NEW Brown*Stone Kitchen+Bar from November 2011 forward that i will base my updated review on.So Casey Thompson and the management company have parted ways and the old concept has been tossed on its ear.  One new chef, one new menu, one furniture rearrange, and several coats of brown paint on the wall later, Brown*Stone has emerged as a neighborhood tavern meets urban ultralounge.  The waiters in standard stiff white shirts have been replaced by cocktail-type staff in tight black t-shirts.  An entire section of tables has been replaced by sofas (complete with tv trays... yes, tv trays!) .  The dining room appears to seat fewer people with table space replaced by "mingling space"  Yes, mingling space... because Brown*Stone now positions itself as an evening hotspot, complete with DJs, lights, and a photo booth.  Party on, y'all.The wine list is slashed in half but has several good picks at reasonable price points.  (I'm a fan of the house sauv blanc..)   The beer list is pleasant with a couple of surprise offerings. There are several frou-frou martinis for those who need sugar with their alcohol.  And there are shots.  Yes, shots right next to the wine list.  Party on, indeed.The menu has undergone a dramatic transformation.  Gone are the Grandma's biscuits and fried okra and handmade pot pies.  They've been replaced by burgers and flatbreads and other noshable munchies.  Steak Frites, grilled pimento cheese, jalepeno melts, Classic Flatbread, crispy crawfish & onion strings, and fish & chips were all hits with my parties on recent visits.  We were less enchanted with the bacon, spinach, artichoke dip which seemed like a food version of a hot mess (attractive on the surface, but too much crazy to properly handle up-close).The $10 Executive Lunch is an incredible deal - several entrees on offer for $10, drink included, promised in 30 minutes or less.  Awesome for an escape from the downtown grind.Evenings can be a bit disjointed... the westside happy hour crowd (great specials draw them in - follow them on Twitter or Facebook to find out all the daily deals!) mix with confused suburban diners who can't figure out what happened to the old Brownstone they were dying to try.  On Fridays and Saturdays, the environment switches and an entirely different (from any I normally see on the westside) crowd pours in after 11 pm to listen to the DJ and enjoy the ultralounge environment.For the most part, it's been a very welcoming place to hang out... we've parked for hours having cocktails on the sofas.  But when it's slow, the staff gets restless.  On a very recent Thursday, we were the last diners in the dining room by 10 pm (closing hours were posted at 11 pm) and our waiter dropped our check without even thinking to offer another glass of wine or dessert.  At 10:30 they rudely turned up the lights and shuffled by us in street clothes... yes, the doors had been locked and no one had bothered to tell us they were closing early.  Definitely a reversal of the weekend vibe.But the new Brown*Stone is (to me) a vast improvement over the Brownstone of old.  I anticipate many afternoons of drinking here in the future.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,4/15/2012,233,245,2,4,5>I almost don't want to write a review, so people won't know about this cool little place, but then again this is why i must.  First off the place does "rock" as one other person said even if you have to wait in line to get in.  The waiting is actually worth it as they don't let it get over croweded.  This makes you feel like you own a little section of the bar to yourself without people overcrowding you.  Yes it is way to smokey in there(don't hesitate to open the windows).They had to spend a good amount to get the place looking like it did and it shows.  You really wouldn't expect to see something like this in denton, which is why i hope it doesn't become overrun with too many college kids.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I'd even say they were on top of their game as far as customer service goes.  Five out of five for those guys and gals.Drinks....well this is why the place didn't get five out of five.  As the bar boasted upscale liquor and drinks i was highly disappointed to only see makers mark as their "high end" bourbon.  Matter of fact they really didn't have any selection of high end liquor.   Prices were high for denton, but low when in contrast to dallas etc...  For this type of place you really can't complain.I ordered an old fashion, and while i must admit i'm a bit picky, this was horribly "watered" down with club soda.   On top of that i had to upgrade to makers mark(i wish they had a bigger selection of boubons).  A huge huge disappointment with it.  This is not what an old fashion should be and that may sound like a snob, but it's true.   Now if you are wondering about the other drinks they were excellent!!! :)On that note i really really do like this place, it's a breath of fresh air for Denton even if you can't breathe from all the smoke.  With that being said i think this place would do great being non smoking!  Not only would it help keep some of the younger college kids away and it would be great on your lungs and not have you smell so bad when you leave!!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,4/14/2012,55,62,1,9,4>The absolute best!  I only wish I could take more classes more often.  ALL the instructors are knowledgeable and personable. You can take a beginner class with Tatiana and she is so sweet and so helpful. You can take a class with Mary and be challenged to take your pose jjjuuussst  a little further.  You can take a class with Bethany and be challenged and sweaty and wondering if you have to do another chair pose!It's a  beautiful place that offers something for everyone.  They are constantly adding workshops and new classes.  Some are even free!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,4/13/2012,50,175,,6,3>Real Taiwanese (Chinese) food makes it to Denton!To date, your Chinese options in Denton have consisted of a couple of Chinese buffets, Mr. Chopsticks, and Chinese Fast Food.  Tasty, but not really all that authentic.Taipei Railroad Restaurant changes that.  If you're able to locate the restaurant, you'll find a menu board with a few select dishes each day (depending on the chef's mood).  Today's pork cutlet was thin, crispy, and oily... great with rice and like how my mom used to make it (but better... please don't tell her I said that).  The fried chicken was even better, juicy with crispy breading full of flavorful spices.  Each meat was served on a plate of rice, with some veg and seasonings.  Large portions and all for just $6.00.  The one drawback for the whole meal was that the vegetables were also a bit oily (not quite how I like my veg).Want a taste?  Look for a nondescript building off of I-35... turn in right by the A-Train tracks.Or... I hear that they deliver to UNT and TWU.  Look them up on Facebook for more information.PS.  They also serve a decent Pearl Milk Tea.  I think it's a bit light on tea flavor, but the pearls were chewy!PPS.  Cash only?
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,NA,52,91,,7,3>I came upon this party after spotting their deal here on Yelp.  It was perfecting timing for me, as I was looking for a late minute bounce house deal for my daughter's birthday party.  They were easy to contact and answered my emailed question within hours of sending it off.  After going over exactly what I would get with my deal, I made my purchase and set up my party times with them.What I got was more than I expected.  The bounce house itself was the same as pictured and a bit bigger than what I expected, to the delight of myself and my daughter.  They also had extra chairs and tables available and brought them for me, which was a blessing (because we ended up needing them!).  They were swift on the set up, went through their contract and liablility information with me, and walked me through turning the unit on and off if I needed.When they returned to pick up the bounce house and tables & chairs afterwards, they were swift and timely.  I wasn't home at the time, but the other family members who were there said they moved so quickly and quietly, they didn't even realize they were there until they were notified that they were leaving.  Excellent service and I wouldn't hesitate to use them again!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,4/11/2012,29,248,1,8,1>Great first impression.  Expected to see the same old menu items from a cafe but it appears that someone with a pallet has opened this cafe.  You can get a number of items not normally found on cafe menus and it appears that they have someone that can execute them.I had the standard eggs and ham and it was good.  My wife had the open faced breakfast sandwich with spinach, tomatoes, artichoke hearts on toast and eggs with holandaise sauce.  It was very good.  Service is still getting their feet under themselves, they seem capable and friendly so I look forward to going back and trying their dinner/lunch items.I certainly hope they outlast their predecessors.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,4/10/2012,331,537,,7,5>Love the warm, laid back atmosphere, the live music...but more importantly....my chai latte was freaking craveworthy. I got nosy while I was there and started asking questions and snooping in the huge burlap sacks lying around.....did you know coffee beans are really light when they haven't been roasted? They look more like a small peanut....and taste like crap. Shhh...don't tell them I tasted one of their beans! They have a huge copper roaster and one of the guys there was nice enough to explain how it works to me. He also mentioned that they are one of 3 or 4 places in the metroplex that actually roast their own beans!! Wow....that's some serious dedication and love for coffee. That alone is reason to go check it out....
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,4/9/2012,85,274,2,9,4>Now open in Roanoke!! Who knew? I found out today and wow did I have a blast! Tons of water slides, a lazy river, a beach with simulated waves, a snack bar, a picnic area, tons of chairs, lifeguards and shaded areas. What a nice new park close to home. Admission is $23.99 for adults and $16.99 for kids and seniors. You can use a Dr.Pepper can to get $5.00 off the adult price, or buy your tickets from Kroger for $18.99. There is a $5.00 cooler fee but the fee is waived for the 2011 season.  They even have a tram to shuttle you from the parking lot to the park. Everything is shiny and new and I went on a Wednesday so the park didn't feel over crowded. This is definitely my new favorite summer spot and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,4/8/2012,26,111,1,7,3>We went for lunch on a Sunday, usually a super busy time for buffets with the church crowd and all.  It didn't take long after our arrival for all the tables to be filled.  Even with the crowd the food was kept refilled with fresh offerings.  I ended up getting our drinks but what do you expect in a buffet trying to serve 200 people at one time.  My favorites:  the fried chicken, grilled onions, grilled jalapenos, salad bar was excellant, carving station with ham, roast beef, etc.  The verde enchiladas were as good as I've ever had and I'm one picky you know what.  There were PLENTY of choices and as I said all were replenished multiple times while we ate.  The only disappointment was the dessert station.  Everything we tried was dried out as if it had been sitting there a while.  Not a big deal to us as we were STUFFED which is why I think they had been sitting there so long, everyone was full of good food.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,4/7/2012,65,195,3,6,3>We were very excited for a new Thai restaurant opening in Fort Worth and Thai Select did not disappoint! We went there tonight and this small restaurant was PACKED -- luckily, there was one table left in the corner for us. It looked like a huge foodie group had taken over the rest of the place. The waiter came up to us and let us know to order quickly before the group so we wouldn't have to wait long for our food. That was a great idea because our food came out very quickly. We ordered the veggie spring rolls to start and shared a bowl of the Tom Kha Kai soup. The peanut dip that came with the rolls was very good and the soup was very tasty. Right as we finished our starters, our meals came out. I ordered the massaman curry with tofu and my fiancé ordered the pad prik khing with chicken... both were the perfect amount of spice and absolutely delicious! This is by far the best Thai restaurant that I've been to in Forth Worth! We will definitely go back again!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,4/6/2012,54,100,15,16,9>Traders Village is the perfect way to waste a weekend day if you are not afraid of the ghetto and the weather is nice outside.  Open sun up to sun down and parking is a couple bucks to get in.  Be prepared for a bunch of traffic on the way in if you don't beat the church crowd.  If you like to eat and drink, here is a hint- you can bring your own beer if it's in a can.  There are also wagons and strollers for rent, so load up the cheaper of the two and you have a bar on wheels!  There are a couple of cantinas there and sometimes I see mariachis playing inside on Sundays.  Plus, there are employees that drive around golf carts and sell roasted corn, turkey legs, and Miller Lite as you walk past.  There are also booths for sno-cones, burgers, tacos, and funnel cake to name a few.  As far as the merchandise booths, there are rows of permanent booths in the front and a few open market flea parts in the back.  After cruising a dozen or so booths, the items start to repeat.  You can buy anything that fell off the back of a truck, tools, knockoff shoes and clothing, diverted hair products, plants and herbs, antiques, fruits and veggies, concrete lawn art, garage sale stuff, all kind of birds, dogs, and cats, knives, switchblades and Chinese throwing stars, DVDs, and possibly stolen electronics.  I always joke that you could get your stereo yanked in the parking lot and buy it back inside Traders Village.  There is a scary midway inside to the East for the kids as well.  There are booths in the parking lot on the way out that will tint your windows or change your tires and rims too.  I cannot recommend this place more if you are hungover and like to people watch on a Sunday.  It's kinda like being in Mexico without leaving the metroplex   : )  If you are snobby about trash on the ground, junk for sale, and trashy people, then you will be totally disappointed with this place.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,4/5/2012,55,94,15,17,22>The Flying Saucer is a Fort Worth Institution, this location is the original!Anyhow, this place rocks. They have over 200 beers on tap, the waitstaff wears knee high socks, they have live music on the weekends, indoor and outdoor seating, and free wifi all packaged into three stories of beer drinking awesomeness. This place gets jam packed on the weekends, so get there early if you want to sit. Also, they charge something dumb like $2 for cover when there is a live band.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,4/4/2012,13,37,5,6,4>This place is so special, I am regretting telling the world about it as I type.  But I guess it needs customers so I can continue drinking here.  The bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable and creative.  They will introduce themselves and shake your hand.  They are thoughtful and genuine.The drinks are ridiculous- in a good way.  Lavender in my "don't ask, don't tell"?  Don't mind if I do.  They have an extensive beer list here- but don't come asking for Coor's Light, they do not have it. (But they will kindly offer you another beer that's just as bad, but fancier.)Everything is natural and amazing.  Drinks are dangerously serious and worth the price.My only criticism is the bar could be cozier.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,4/3/2012,103,100,8,12,7>Stopped in tonight for their first official night of business to regular folk (like me!), located right next to Yucatan Taco Stand.Observations: Good Beer Selection, Super friendly staff, good jukebox, it's on Magnolia and....wait for it....TRIVIAL PURSUIT CARDS AT THE TABLES. That's the most genius idea I've ever heard of. It's changed the way I will heretofore look at taverns. Everywhere I go from now on, I'm going to be like, "yeah, you're cool and all, but you don't have trivial pursuit cards at your tables, so...."The only bee in my bonnet here is that it's non-non-smoking (see what I did there? It means smoking). But so is almost every other place in this town. Maybe it makes me a difficult customer, but I've started to opt out of non-music venue places that allow smoking as my consideration number one or two because of, well, the smoke. It just is such a big difference. But your own mileage may vary on that.Anyway, but, but............trivial pursuit.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,4/2/2012,1341,757,5,8,6>This sushi joint is soo underrated. This is seriously the best kept secret in Fort Worth. The restaurant is very elegant and crazy cheap -even cheaper with a Groupon :) The waitress was very attentive without being over bearing. After browsing through their menu, I wished we weren't using our Groupon because I really wanted to try their bento boxes. They were all in the $12 range which is a steal considering it's a full sushi meal. I enjoyed their wasabi roll thoroughly (I'm a sucker for roe, put it in anything and I'm in heaven). I have to agree with Paul H. about their Pineapple fried rice. It needed a little tweaking. I suggest some Thai basil and some chili sauce to add that needed kick.   Come hereeee. It's mellow and understated. I would say it's Sushi Axiom on Valium and that's a sincere compliment.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,4/1/2012,1427,66,3,6,4>Great authentic Mexican food but service is slow.  I usually stop by this place on Fridays to pick up breakfast for the office. I call in the order about 30 to 40 minutes before picking up. They always tell you it'll be ready in 10 minutes but I have learned that their 10 minutes is much longer than mine. I usually buy the scrambled egg, chorizo and potato burritos since everyone seems to like this combination at the office. These are really large so you only need one per person, believe me it's huge and will hold you till lunch. They give you some hot sauce but, the sauce is totally useless in my opinion, not hot and just very watery, and very messy. It looks like they dip the plastic containers in a larger container to fill them and so it gets very wet and messy, then they just throw it in the bag so be prepared for it or have them just leave it out and buy your own salsa at the grocery store. Secondly, the bakery portion of this place is also awesome. I especially love the three layered desert, although the name of the desert escapes me. There's only one of these 3 layered deserts so you'll be able to pick it out though. I also like their creme brulee.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2011,3/31/2012,195,245,5,1,2>Fro-Yo=Hipster. EVERYONE seems to be on a frozen yogurt kick these days and I am one to follow on the trend. Somehow, someway I can convince myself that fruity pebbles on top of 4oz of cheesecake flavored frozen yogurt is better than a hot fudge sundae. AND YOU WILL NOT CONVINCE me otherwise. humph. I guess I expect them to look different on the inside, but they all look the same. HOWEVER, the selection of toppings to me seem to be a little less intriguing in Yogurt Story. The bananas were kinda slimy looking, and the kiwi (albeit I wouldn't put that on my fro yo) looked kinda....well....wrong. I feel that in place where you "build your own" anything, fruit needs to be on ice, or covered. Bourgeois I know...but sue me. This was a good first time experience though, and since I live in Euless, where hipster places are few and far between, especially Fro Yo shops, this will remain a contender until another one sprouts up! PS--try the red velvet flavor with strawberries. OR the banana pudding with nilla wafer or granola. YUM to the MF'ing E!!! (or you can get both in your cup, like my fat behind, if you don't mind a little mixing.)
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,3/30/2012,35,37,,4,2>The first thing you need to know about Sake, and it'll probably be one of the reasons you keep going back, is that they have a daily special (weekdays only) of buy 1 entree (#'s 1-14) and get another entree free! That special at any restaurant is worth multiple trips, but the fact that it's at a Hibachi restaurant makes it even sweeter!You can't walk out of a typical hibachi restaurant without spending in the upwards of $45-60, so when my wife and I and 2 kids walked out of Sake with having only spent $33 on dinner, I KNEW I had to get on Yelp and tell everyone about it.The place is small and tucked away in an old little strip shopping center. You know the ones I'm talking about...there's a tattoo shop, a nail place, a liquor store, and some random fabric shop. There are only about 4-5 hibachi tables so the inside is small and quaint. I'm basically giving Sake 4 stars because of the price-per-type-of-food-ratio that so blew me away. The service was very sub par and in fact when my wife asked if they had any juice, the waitress said, "We only have apple juice" Wife: "Great, I'll take a cup for my son." Waitress: "We are all out of apple juice." Well, that ended that conversation quickly. But, you don't come to Sake because of the service, you come because of the deal.I had the teriyaki steak and chicken and it tasted as good as I've had in other hibachi spots around town. The cook, though, put the vegetables on at the end so we were left with full bellies with no room for them. I looked around and saw that it was just something this cook did, not a restaurant policy. Next time, maybe I'll be risky and ask him to put them on earlier...hey, I like having a bite of fried rice, meat, bean sprouts, and yummy soy sauce-covered veggies.In the end, I'll go back because of the special. I won't go out of my way to eat there, but when the wallet and the stomach both want hibachi, this is where I am going.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,3/29/2012,55,175,,5,4>Not sure what I expected when I visited BCAIG on Friday for lunch....just have not been impressed with Keller Main Street eateries....yet!So, I am excited to report that this place is DARNED GOOD!!!  I like the concept (a build you own, walk up counter) with lots of seating, well laid out, and a comfortable vibe.  Folks were friendly, overall, I REALLY liked this place...And the food....WOW!  I am so unimpressed, or even bored, with most burger places, but the burger was great, excellent cooked meat (an old school flavor), great buns, and fresh toppings.  Overall, very tasty.  And the star of the meal were the fries.  Not the white, previously frozen version many places offer, but a larger cut fry cooked to a golden patina....wonderful!  Heading out tonight with Wifey to try the fish and chips, grilled chicken sandwich, and the onion rings.  If as good as Friday, I am sure they wont disappoint.....taking the 18 YO with us....hope they filled the ketchup dispensers!!!!  So, Keller homeys and neighbors...take heart...we are getting some new and better dining choices in our little town, and these guys are a welcome addition to the sea of past mediocrity!!!!!!!  OK BCAIG....dont let me down!!!!UPDATE:  So, second visit....Just as good as the first!!!!  Chicken sandwich with bacon and avocado was excellent, as were the fish and chips and onion rings.  Great evening atmosphere.  I am liking this place a lot!!!!UPDATE No. 2:  HEY!!!!  HOW DID YOU GUYS GET MY RECIPE FOR CHILI?!?!?!?  Really really tasty chili, a bit on the spicy side (not complaining)...but very memorable.  Heading over for lunch today (after eating there over weekend) for another fix of the chili!  This is NOT helping my diet...just saying!!!!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,3/28/2012,101,13,3,8,5>I'm an easy going, not too girly of a girl who began my dress hunt without a whole lot of enthusiasm. Despite my hesitation, I had a very positive experience at Bliss. Even on a tight budget, I found about a dozen dresses that I liked and fit the price range I was hoping for. And luckily, one dress stood out from the rest and it's the dress I'll be walking down the aisle in! The salon is very organized and well-run. I greatly appreciated the prompt appointment confirmation email I received. It was direct, to the point, and included everything I needed to know in order to prepare for my appointment. It also assured me that Bliss wanted me to get the most out of my appointment and not have to deal with anything other than what I came in for - to try on dresses. I felt no pressure to buy and was never "up sold." I'd recommend Bliss to other future brides in the DFW area.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,3/27/2012,76,65,2,4,4>Came here with a work associate for the happy hour specials and to check the place out. So glad I did! Now my fav new sushi place. Since I'm fairly new to the area, this is only the second sushi joint I've had a chance to try.Ambiance - Hip, modern aesthetic which I really liked. Reminded me of some of the swanky places I used to dip into in LA. Slightly on the small side but very tastefully appointed. Good place to drop in for a bite w your date, take business clients, or simply visit as your "go to sushi joint." Two Dallas Cowboys and their dates/spouses were eating next to us. Big men, very big but I didn't recognize them. Food - Wow! And a second Wow! Happy Hour prices were awesome! Rolls and drinks were amazing and ridiculously reasonably priced. We definitely gorged a little too much bc of the value and well, everything was nomalicious so it wasn't hard to indulge. With a menu of ~300 items and 90+ rolls, you can pretty much find whatever you want there. I like spicy so I ordered a LIR, Toreado and a Yellowtail Spicy roll. Also had the Tempura Udon soup and prolly a few other rolls I cant remember! So full leaving I waddled back to the car. Price - I visited during Happy Hour so drinks and food ordered off that menu were all in the $4-7 range (~half off reg prices I'd say for most things). HH menu is not as extensive as the regular menu but that didn't stop me from gorging. Seriously, this is a menu-paralysis kind of place! And every thing I ate was excellent! Staff/Customer Service - Amazing, it really was. I visit lots of 'normal' restaurants, bar & grills and pubs along w the high end places when appropriate for business, customer service is always something I pay close attention to no matter how many dollar signs are on the menu. On my visit, these guys rocked. Very pleasant hostess, waiter was very informative and had good timing with letting us check out the menu, stepped in when appropriate to offer suggestions and looked after our table with outstanding detail and promptness. Either these guys are trained to deliver Mastro-level service or they've worked in an "upscale" establishment. Very impressed with the staff.Overall - What else can I say other than this place is my favorite place to eat in Dallas, regardless of price. Excellent selection of food and drink, staff were most attentive and the vibe was modern, hip and ultra clean. This is the type of place I'd like to own myself.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2011,3/26/2012,42,98,1,8,3>So I've been looking for some trails to run and saw this park listed as a possible route. There are 2 large fenced in dog parks and a small tank (man made pond for city folk). If you follow the white gravel it takes you through a little loop that boarders the park. However, I have been venturing off the beaten path to these warn down thin trails as this is what I heard is the better running trails. They aren't very long (that I can tell) but today one led me to a red rock/clay road where it looks like redne...eh I mean people, bring their four wheelers. It's very rocky and while I did find a steep hill that might have been good to 'run hills' (runners thing) I think it's too rocky to risk injury. So as for dog park it looks pretty nice. For running its OK, not very long. The white gravel from parking lot to the farthest end is probably .6 miles. Plus side is the shaded route. Not meant for anything over a quick 2 miler.Word to dog owners: I too am a dog owner and fully believe in spay/neutering your animal. However, if you don't then you should know that Dog Park 101 rules deem do NOT bring your unfixed dog to a dog park. It causes problems. Courts don't care who started the fight, they care about who was least responsible with their pet. They're dogs. Not humans. There's not much room for argument. Get them fixed or stay away. (Heard some doggie drama recently)
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,3/25/2012,49,29,5,6,3>I recently went to JR's Grill in Colleyville, TX to see a good friend who works there and check the place out for the first time.  It's kind of a reunion for me there because a lot of the same people I used to work with at a place called Gator's in Euless work at JR's. Same owner of the before mentioned bar back in the early 2000's also owns JR's Grill as well as JR's Steakhouse.I was on my lunch break and decided on a burger, and the next thing I knew I was on an inadvertent burger adventure.  Knowing nothing of the menu, but knowing previous and current restaurants owned by JR's, I figured I'd be in for treat by getting a burger.I decided on a good ole fashioned bacon cheeseburger and once I got it I soon realized that this wasn't any ordinary burger.  It had a smokey cheddar cheese and mesquite flavored wood flamed taste.  It was a 1/2 pound thick burger with sourdough sweet buns  and 10 strips of bacon! Yes you read it correctly... 10 strips of bacon.  I had to maneuver the bacon in the right spot on the bun just to keep it from falling out and I was still left over with 4 strips on the side!"Can I get some bacon with a side of bacon please?"Anyway, the burger was cooked how I would cook it.  Thick and a warm pink center, between medium rare and medium.  It had a flavor I couldn't place until I asked my friend and he told me the key ingredient... Chopped steak from the steakhouse next door (JR's Steakhouse) is ground into the hamburger as well, hence the smokey wood flavor I was getting.  You can tell the meat was fresh and the distinct flavors remind me of a backyard BBQ.  It came served with almost a 1/2 pound of hand cut fries that were crispy, not soggy, and salted to taste.I liked it but it may not be for everyone.  The smokey taste could be perceived as over powering, but if you like open flame grilled "house" burgers with enough bacon to feed an elementary school for breakfast, you're in for a treat.I'm going to give it 3 1/2 patties out of 5... And if you add a bonus bacon score, go ahead and round it up to 4.JR's Grill is located at 5220 Hwy 121, Colleyville, TX 76034.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,3/24/2012,12,66,,4,2>Yes! CAJUN food that gets it! Their dirty rice is very good. So I found this place through Groupon, and feel like I scored! Pierre's is a simple order yourself, no frills joint with big flavors. I had a trio of jambalaya, red beans and rice, and catfish. The husband had a variation of gumbo and dirty rice so we tried a little bit of everything. Gumbo was his favorite and I keep going back and forth with the dirty rice and red beans. My husband thought the red beans was a little bland. I disagreed. Side note: it is incredibly hard to concentrate while Queen is singing Bohemian Rhapsody on the radio. Anyway, I'm a fan of this place way more than Jamaica Gates which doesn't really compare but is the only other creole-esque  food I can think of in a 5 mile radius. Their prices are reasonable and they accept credit cards. One last thing .... Try a praline. Best I've had. Ever.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,3/23/2012,56,27,,5,4>This pizza is amazing and so is the staff!! We eat it about 3 times a month and have tried other places in the area and this is the top.Their garlic doughknots are also amazing! Savory soft dough with garlicky butter goodness. Their staff is friendly and makes you feel like they are making the pizza only for you and sometimes they also throw in a fresh baked cookie...which is an end to the perfect pizza meal!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,3/22/2012,160,643,14,23,18>Bedford Bakery... I heart you.No really....let me prove it to you when I sayHOLY CANNOLI!I walked in hoping against hope, that just maybe you were a real bakery and not yet another cupcake laden, cake only producing establishment.And there I saw upon my entrance, you are a *REAL* bakery providing fresh bread, fresh breakfast loaves, danishes, the obligatory cupcakes but also......*rubs eyes* kolaches, apricot swirl cookies I haven't seen in the longest time and cannoli.I took home a lemon breakfast bread loaf. An obligatory cupcake which I ate on the drive home - airy, light, good, ok butter cream frosting but not the best.. and for later consumption: . a cookie and a cannoli. Cannoli is such an elusive thing and every time I have tried one in TX I am left disappointed. Not this time. No.I hereby declare.......Bedford Bakery you are the king of cannoli in DFW. You are the best cannoli I have had in four years, since I left Pennsylvania and the enclaves of Italians, some of which are related to me by marriage. Your cannoli outshines the famous Mike's Bakery cannoli in Boston which I tried three years ago. Your cannoli is slightly below the New Eagle Bakery in tiny New Eagle, PA which is the best cannoli I have ever had in my life. (They use prosecco to make theirs) I love you, I love you, I love you in the strongest platonic cannoli induced haze sort of way possible. This morning I took the lemon breakfast bread to work and it is now consumed. mmm. moist decadence.The cookies must wait til tomorrow. I must ration treats so I am not the size of a house. Bedford Bakery, I know you are in a bombed out looking strip mall near Brown Trail but despite your lackluster location, I hope your proximity to Bedford Farmer's Market will enable you to succeed and flourish. I hope all of the mid cities dwellers flock to you for cannoli, fresh bread and other treats. May they be ashamed to buy bread in a presliced form from a Walmart or Kroger shelf when real bread exists down the street. You are the sort of independent business that deserves success and the extra time it takes to drive there since your baked goods outshine anything Tom Thumb offers. And we all know Whole Foods bakery tends to make things dry and your offerings are so much better. May they crave your specialty rye bread for Reuben sandwiches and may your cannoli production continue. *sprinkles fairy dust* live long and prosper. Wear your cannoli crown proudly!ps. The Ginger Pear Breakfast Bread I tried today is so very good.Bedford Bakery, you seem to have switched to cream puffs instead of cannoli. I'll forgive you since I love cream puffs. But cowboy cookies too instead of Greek shortbreads? I get it. You're selling Texan products to Texans but you've lost a tiny bit of your magic.  I rank you super high for cream puffs but you're in spot 3 for cupcakes now.Cupcake List only.... not to be confused with the other super awesome things they sell here:1. Cupcake Bliss- Bedford, TX2. Texas Star Bakery- Hurst, TX3. La Bella Cupcakes - Stockyards, Fort Worth, TX4. Bedford Bakery- Bedford, TX 5. Sweet Indulgence Bakery- Grapevine, TX
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,3/21/2012,81,34,2,7,3>We arrived at 8:20pm (the Mrs and I) at this tiny little restaurant just expecting a decent Thai meal from the looks of the exterior. Boy were we in for an unexpected and wonderful surprise! Upon entering the waiter let us pick our table for where we would be enjoying this life altering meal. We chose one of the two booths which looked really cool, I believe they were faux black leather seats with a nice white trim running along the edges. There's also tea light candles in a purple glass at every dining table setting a lovely mood and a large flat screen TV propped up on a half wall. I'd have to say those two kind of disagreed with each other in the decor of the place but I didn't mind. So we sit and the waiter asks for our drink orders, she got a glass of water typical and an avocado smoothie to go. I got the Thai Tea, a must at any Thai establishment I'd have to say. He comes back with our drinks and I'm amazed at the size of my glass. Probably double the size of any other restaurant where I've order Thai Tea from and the cheapest ($1.75), too! We had a debate on whether or not to get spring rolls since there was already 3 dishes we had our minds set on and didn't want to over do it. Waiter asks if it was our first time, if we would like any suggestions and if we had ever experienced Thai food before. Yes it was our first visit, we knew what we wanted and yeah we've had Thai before. Orders were the Papaya Salad Laos style with a #2 hot level, then an order of Shrimp Pad Thai #1 med level, and the piece de resistance the Whole Fried Fish. Our server was a very sweet girl who was on top of her game that night. I'm not sure i want to make this statement but it might have been the best service I've EVER gotten ANYWHERE! Def the best I've experienced at any Asian restaurant that's for damn sure as we all know Asian servers disappear until its time for the check. Shrimp Spring Rolls - yes we ended up getting them but compliments of the house! She must of overheard our convo about whether or not to order them LOL. Rolls were standard but the peanut sauce was delicious so much so i could have drank it. I actually did take a spoonful when the staff wasn't looking. Shhh Papaya Salad Laos Style - fresh, crisp, and HOT (spicy) served with two wedges of steamed cabbage. Just the way we prefer it, it wasn't a stomach wrenching tummy twisting hot but a nice good make you sweat a little kind of burn. Sips of the Tea were like breaths of fresh air kind of makes me scared of ordering anything with a #3 extra hot level. Pretty sure I'd have been shooting flames out of my rear end if we had. Shrimp Pad Thai - fantastic flavors melded well together with just the right amount of spice. They serve the peanuts and sprouts off on the side of the dish which my little lady loved because she never likes peanuts in any of her food. Little details just make the experience that more enjoyable for the both of us. Whole Fried Fish - scored and drenched in rice flour then deep fried to golden delicious perfection. The batter/skin of the fish was crispy while the flesh still held onto its moist tender sweetness. Comes with a delectable house sauce that we couldn't quit put our finger on. I'm usually good with picking out ingredients put into sauces but this one had me a little stumped. There's definitely soy sauce, garlic, maybe some ginger and chili's but something else. Now it was SO good that we took the rest of the sauce to-go even after having finished the fish. Its served warm like they took it right of the stove top and in a separate bowl, a nice touch because I've had similar dishes at other restaurants where they have the fish sitting in the sauce and it just makes the bottom half soggy and unappetizing. I know this is probably the longest review I've written to date but there's good reason for that. Thai Orchid Cuisine has won my heart over and will be the first restaurant I'm adding to my Tops List. Service here is top notch, they are fluent in English so don't shy away due to language barriers and price/quality of food is unrivaled. Ended up leaving at 9:20 well past closing time on a Friday night and the staff didn't seem to mind they weren't rushing us out the door. The fried fish we stripped clean down to the bones but we had enough pad thai and papaya salad for lunch the next day. We'll definitely be back to try some of their soups and curries. In fact I came back the next day for lunch but because i had left my wallet there haha. I know right stupid me...
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,3/20/2012,33,41,2,6,2>This is a good go-to for a solid pedicure without the bells and whistles. We stopped in with no appointment and they fit us in right away. Good color and brand selection  with working. clean massage chairs. The systems are pipeless too. The staff is very friendly and sweet. I will definitely go back!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,3/19/2012,17,25,,2,3>Hands down the best pizza in the midcities area. If you are a fan of the legendary Mamas pizza from the FW area, then you will love Bosses. They have a similar buttery garlic crust and the toppings are fresh and get loaded on. They beat any chain pizza place by far! ITheir sandwiches are also delicious, being served on fresh baked bread that is also lightly brushed with a buttery garlic flavor. YUM!  have tried the Rufe Snow location as well as this one in Hurst, and both have great tasting food and pleasant staff. The manager at this location was very friendly. Give them a try, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,3/18/2012,28,382,,4,4>You'd swear this place has been around for 50 years or more but it's really only been around for about 4 years. They've done a great job of paying allegiance to local TCU history and they really put out a great burger. I love the hickory bbqq & bacon burger and I also love the one with roasted green chiles on it. Definitely one of the best burgers in Fort Worth. The fries are great too. With so many places rotating in and out of this small strip near TCU, it's great to see a place that looks like it's been here forever and will definitely be around for a while.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,3/17/2012,11,185,7,4,4>Get the pork en verde!!!  I was absolutely floored by it.  Next time I visit, I will get a bowl or burrito with just this and be a happy, happy girl.Everything else was also good, if not as much of a showstopper.  Carne asada and al pastor were both exactly what you'd expect, quite good.  The fish taco was really kind of outstanding, very fresh, sizable piece of fish, and I loved the big slice of avocado on top.  The nachos were standard, but elevated by the really tasty ground beef.  Chips and salsa was a nice touch for such a casual place.  The chips themselves were delicious.  I also loooooved the green salsa.  It may have been the best one I've ever had - and it was mild, not hot, so that's saying something.  The hot red salsa was too bitter for my taste.  All other condiments (pico, peppers, etc.) were just fine.Prices are wonderful for what you get.  4 tacos + nachos for $12.  Service was a bit distracted and slow, but friendly enough.  I'll definitely come back if I am in the area, for that bowl or burrito I wish I had ordered the first time.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,3/16/2012,88,258,5,8,5>Here's how I ended up eating at Dino's.It's our anniversary and the husband and I figure we'll walk up Main St. until we find somewhere we want to eat. As we pass by Dino's, a waiter standing outside starts aggressively selling us on the idea of eating there. He has a thick Italian accent and is promising us the best dining experience of our lives. I point out that there's not really anything for me to eat there, as I'm a vegetarian. He promises that the cook will make something just for me.This man is hilarious. We cannot resist his car salesman approach to dining, so in we go. Either he's a great actor or he is genuinely from Italy and is ridiculously knowledgeable about wine. He quizzes us about our taste and comes back with an AMAZING bottle of wine right within our price range. He gives us lessons about wine, teaches us both how to do a fancy schmancy wine swirling trick, and does in fact get the cook to create this amazing cheesy, garlicy, delicious pasta for me. This may sound annoying, and normally I don't like to feel obligated to make small talk with waiters, but he had a magical skill for checking in with us just when we needed him and only talking to us when we were in between subjects. He was awesomely awesome. He also hooked us up with free dessert for our anniversary and even took a corny picture of us with it (he had put a candle in it - adorable). All of the food was delicious, including the bread and super delicious olive oil and balsamic reduction for dipping it in. We had a great time and came out smarter than we were going in.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,3/15/2012,56,59,6,11,7>As a semi-pro hater, I know how much fun it is to slam a meal and then slam the restaurant that served it to you; few things in life offer as much joy as ripping a truly deserving establishment. But even my instinct to criticize is subdued by the lavish and hearty burger I ate this past Saturday at Chop House Burgers in Arlington. To qualify what I am about to say, you must know that my main criticism of burger joints is due to their lack of imagination and variety, not their lack of cooking skill. But I am saying that I can, and have, recreated my favorite Arlington hamburgers at my own home for quite some time, and I find the luster of the exotic tarnished when I can turn-out a better product for one-fifth the price. Spicy goat? Pulled that Root for $1.50. Flame grilled with char? Easily done, J.R. Balcken-bleu cajin burger? Almost as fast as a Monkey. However, The chop house burger of Chop House Burgers is... utterly unique and nigh impossible to recreate without substantial investment of time, money and knowledge. The patty itself, a true wonder of sweet juiciness, stout umame, and smokey aroma, consists of a blend of ground beef and slow-smoked brisket with tangy chop house steak sauce. And they have to be approaching a half pound in weight.  I would even create some dumb non-word to describe how enjoyable the burger was to eat. So stop reading this right now. Stop! Go have a c.h.b. based on the patty alone.    And for the rest of you who are still reading, it comes with melted cheddar cheese and bacon, standard. It is served on a sufficient bun and quite a lot of unnecessary, if nonetheless thoughtful, fresh vegetable slices. I recommend doubling up your patty order for only $2 and having a side of sweet potato fries and an iced tea (all for around $10, if I recall correctly). If you give Chop House Burgers anything less than five stars, I believe you are biased and have ulterior motives; Chop House Burger's food is fabulous, delicious and beyond reproach.     The two and only two criticisms that can be levied are the exorbitant amount asked for their special butter reduction sauces and the atrocious wording of their dry-erase board advertising the same. It reads:"All Flavors $3." There are three flavors of butter sauce, and this would lead you believe the lot can be had for three dollars; I am sure they intended to say,"Each Flavor $3." That's too much to charge for a bump-up, and their use of poor grammar detracts from the message. That was the only detractor of my Chop House experience.   The staff were courteous, friendly, and chatty. The local was easy to locate and to park at. The store was clean, bright  and did not smell of anything except searing meat. The service was quick -- under 10 minutes. The wall decorations that are not restaurant reviews are awful, however. The drawings are not nostalgic, chic, retro, tongue-in-cheek, cliche, Kitschy, smart, hip, cool or interesting; I was blinded from tears of joy while I was eating, so I didn't care that much.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,3/14/2012,206,99,3,4,3>First off, I'm very impressed with the decor of this place. It's fun, loud and very hip! This place is great for parties and date nights. The Asian hostess at the front is very sweet and opened our door promptly as we approached. Kudos to you!I mainly come here for their happy hour. They offer happy hour plenty a times throughout the week and all day Sunday! I'm not a big fan of their sushi and find that their rolls are average but their other menu fares are promising. I love love love their ceviche! The wonton crisps that accompany it is amazing as well. I can literally order 3 portions of this and just munch all night. During a brief period when I went vegetarian, I ordered a tofu roll and it was awesome-O. I totally recommended it to my non-vegetarian friends and they really enjoyed it. It was fresh and I didn't feel out of place for ordering a non-seafood roll. I'd order it again even when I'm not going veggie!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,3/13/2012,13,60,3,5,3>This is a Thai/Laos restaurant, which recently opened about two weeks ago.It is right next to an Asian Grocery Store and a Dollar General. The outside is not much to look at, but the inside is pretty nice. Going for a more modern look, the inside is decorated with nice solid wooden chairs and tables and a flat screen on the wall. Since we were the only ones inside service was quick and friendly. My friend and I ordered water to drink, which was nice clean and refreshing. Most places that look like a hole in the wall you get dirty tap water, but not here.I ordered the Pad Thai lunch special medium with medium spiciness. My friend ordered sticky rice with fried chicken wings and a papaya salad 7/10 spiciness.My meal came with a soup and egg roll. The soup was nice, hot and delicious. The egg roll was awesome. It was the Vietnamese kind and not the Thai and Chinese version. It was very hot temperature wise!The food came out quickly, I wish I had brought a camera because my Pad Thai was the dinner version it almost seemed. Though not my favorite Pad Thai, I would order it again in future visits. It came out spicy just the way I wanted. It will appeal much more to a western palate too. The Papaya salad was just right. Spicy enough to bring out a glisten of sweat and make your nose run a little, but not to hot to burn your face off. I love places (hole in the wall) like this and will definitely be back.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,3/12/2012,16,68,12,5,3>Keep in mind, I've never been here sober.  I've never been here earlier than two in the morning.  But since I'm sure most of you revelers and ramblers will be coming here in much the same state, you guys will have to understand.I like cheap places and this place is CHEAP.  I love the service; I like being treated like a person, not like an ATM that a server has to flirt with/grovel to.  They are so jaded that I've never once been self-conscious about my inebriation.  I always get the corned beef hash because I'm drunk and because I don't care that it looks like cat vomit.  I guarantee that 4/5 of you will not like this dish.  I don't recommend it.  They do one hell of an over medium egg though.  I like seeing brown edges and little butter deposits in my eggs.  Also, biscuits and gravy?  Get it.  They skimp on nothing.  The portions are massive.  I am only barely exaggerating when I say they give you a quart of thick, beautiful, life-giving sausage gravy.  And the biscuits themselves are just fluffy, buttery heaven.Oh, please go.  Please, please, please go.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/11/2012,37,48,2,3,4>Do you like John Wayne?  Perfect!  There is a life size one in this joint.  I will tell you that this place is just great!  FOOD:Their food is delicious!  I tend to order whatever dish comes with gravy on it!  It was scrambled eggs with hash browns and gravy and more gravy.  It was so good.  Plus, they will make your hash browns extra crispy.  I like mine crispy as opposed to slimy and not all the way cooked.  I also got raisin toast and they butter it and it is so good.  Plus they have many types of jelly to pick from.  I prefer concord grape myself.  The coffee is good too.  You can tell they make several fresh pots.  The coffee isn't too strong either.  If I wanted hair on my chest, I would head to Starbucks!  I have also tried the omelets.  VERY excellent!  They are ginormous!  SIDEBAR - the cream runneth over!  I tend to enjoy cream with my coffee if you get my drift.  I hate when they give you 2 little creamers.  I need like 10!  SERVICE:Clearly the wait staff lives for the morning.  I on the other hand, am not a morning person.  I roll up incognito with my Detroit Tigers ball cap on and yoga pants.  I am not fully awake until I have a cup of coffee or 4.  There was a spunky woman there, and she has crazy spiky hair.  I like her, she is super nice and told us about her nephews.  It's OK that the wait staff is cheerful, even though I am barely awake.  TECHNOLOGY:This place is up with the times.  While you order, the waiter/waitress puts your order into an Iphone.  Bravo people!  I mean it is great.  It takes about 2 seconds and I think it reassures customers that they are putting in the details.  When they write it down, you tend to wonder.  I also hate when you get the waiter who goes, "oh I have a sweet memory, just tell me your order."  That doesn't work when you screw up my order and put jalapenos on everything!  BONUS:They have a punch card! Bonus.  I like punch cards because then you get rewarded for carrying it in your purse for 6 months!!!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,3/10/2012,23,70,,6,4>Nancy was recommended by my daughter who found her on Yelp.  I live fairly close and couldn't believe the prices were so reasonable.  I was a little skeptical.  At my appointment Nancy was very professional, polite and efficient.  She's comfortable with a razor cut and works well with my fine textured hair.  Excellent job on my brow wax considering my baby hair brows are really hard to see.  I went back for a 2nd cut and she did a great job on hair and brows twice in a row.  I think I've found my new stylist.  Please don't move, Nancy.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/9/2012,30,32,,6,4>Here is what you should picture when you think about Woodshed:Wide open outdoor space, trees lit up in lights, a stage with music, an outdoor bar, and a wide open dining area. Imagine windows along the kitchen so views of roasting pigs and other kitchen festivities are aptly available to you. Exotic flavors spun with home favorites to produce fan-flipping-tastic food. Woodshed is superb. It has been a long time since a restaurant has won me over love at first sight, and even had the goods the back it up. My husband and I eloped last year, but talk often about some day having a big celebratory party with friends and family. I knew immediately that Woodshed is the place I would want to have it. The atmosphere is homey, casual and just plain awesome. It has a great feel to it. My only complaint, and it is the same with just about every cool find, is that as the evening went on the noise became a conversation impediment. I had to lean in close to hear the other side of the table and I still don't think I got all of it. But either way, I will be back. Even the bathroom were great-- perfectly clean.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,3/8/2012,73,140,3,5,2>Who doesn't love La Familia?The food is spectacular, the drinks are good and the staff is friendly. Sometimes it gets a little crowded on a Friday or Saturday night, so you may have to wait a while - but it's worth it!The bean soup & tamales that come with every entree are delicious. Also - get a house margarita - you'll find a fun little surprise on your drink!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,3/7/2012,13,94,3,4,4>Yeah I know, I haven't written a review in forever.  Welcome to my life as a 3rd year medical student.  After countless plates of nasty, fatty, extra dry, or chopped when I ordered sliced brisket, I always have time to follow up on a "Hey, guess what, I think there might actually be a good BBQ place in D/FW" lead, and that's where Cooper's comes in.I headed over to Cooper's when I had to go to downtown Fort Worth to take care of some, ahem, business at the courthouse.  Cooper's is a big building right across from Billy Bob's in the stockyards.  There were no cars there when I went, so I was a little apprehensive.  However, when I walked through the door and found myself staring right smack into a huge smoker filled with all kinds of meat, I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  I could get all the usuals:  Brisket, pork ribs, sausage (regular and jalapeno,) chicken and turkey but they also had some nice looking beef ribs (rare here in Dallas,) prime rib, and pork chops ("The chop" is apparently their specialty.)It's mandatory to try the brisket, sausage, and pork ribs when sizing up a new BBQ place; howver, when I asked for 1/4 pound of pork ribs.  When the guy told me "That's like 1 rib," my stomach growled in displeasure, and I said, "OK, tell you what, how about you give me 1 BEEF rib, instead."  That fateful decision made my day, month, and year, turned my whole BBQ world upside down, and guaranteed Cooper's 5 stars.Yes, if you are a fan of beef ribs, as any self-respecting Texas BBQ lover must be, Cooper's has the best beef ribs anywhere.  They are huge and meaty; they are juicy with excellent seasoning and great smoky flavor.  Mine have always been cooked perfectly.  A must-try.The brisket was not too shabby either.  This may be the best brisket in town -- it is definitely up there with Rudy's, which is the other top contender.  The brisket is also juicy, flavorful, and was the perfect mix of lean and moist.  Nothing bad to say about it!The sausage was great too, but that's not really a big deal here in DFW.In a subsequent visit, I tried the pork ribs and was actually unimpressed.  Mine were kind of dry.  Fortunately there are many other excellent meats to choose from.Their sauce is thin and yummy.  Not as good as Salt Lick our County Line in Austin, but probably the best in town.  Not that it really matters, or made any difference in my rating, but their sides are kind of blah.  The pecan cobbler is different and is, overall, pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  Just stick with the meat.Cooper's is my new go-to BBQ place here in D/FW.  I still have yet to try "the chop," or the prime rib (apparently they only have it on weekends) -- I've preferred to stick with what I know, but I will get around to it one of these days.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,3/6/2012,97,79,,11,7>Sushi is never the cheap option for dinner. Eating at home is. So, when I go out, I like to eat things that I can't make at home or things I can't make well at home. Sushi is one of those things.The affordability and deliciousness of Temaki makes it a great choice for sushi, too. Plus, I live in the surrounding neighborhood and it's close. I've been here twice and loved it both times. The first time, the dude and I shared a rainbow roll. The second time, we went back with friends for a sit-down dinner (instead of just a snack). I had the crunchy avocado roll, which was one of the specials for the day, and he got the white dragon roll. (Our friends got the rainbow and the avocado rolls.) Everyone was pleased with the value of what we got. It's great sushi for a reasonable price.Also, we ordered apps. I got the miso soup (yum) and they got orders of spring rolls for each person (also yum). I think we averaged about $23 to $25 per couple on dinner not including tip.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,3/5/2012,25,27,,4,3>Great place to grab some lunch after classes.Under $4 for a great tasting banh mi. The food here isn't too heavy and everything tastes fresh and light. The service is super friendly, as well.Not much else to say...Check this place out!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,3/4/2012,199,200,,5,3>I certainly appreciate finally trying this place out! I see it every time I'm grocery shopping at the Tom Thumb and have always wondered what it was. It was never open because I generally do my shopping in the evenings, but when I searched for breakfast on Yelp, this came up.It's not a fancy dive, by all means. Simple and to the point. You want eggs? You get eggs. And the service was very friendly. They greet you when you walk in and keep your coffee cup filled. Certainly not snooty at all.I think you really get what you pay for here. Aside from the cheers and applauds next door at karate place, it was quiet and a nice place for a quick Saturday breakfast.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,3/3/2012,69,32,,6,4>What a wonderful little deli that's been open for a month or so amidst the rapid development on E Hickory. The menu selection is quite intimidating but the staff is very helpful in helping you choose your order. We were the very first customers to order an Italian Sausage sandwich, which was great and my father claims their Italian Beef sandwich was spot-on NYC style. They have vegeterian options as well and sides such as soup, potato/pasta salads, and also they serve beer.I have seen the place packed at lunch, but late evening it's very calm. There is street-only parking for now but I heard through the grapevine they may get their own parking lot. The only downsides to this deli would be the price for the portion you get, and also the lack of alternative entrees (if you aren't a sandwich fan, no need to visit, that's all they've got). Check it out while it's still relatively undiscovered!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,3/2/2012,28,29,,15,4>I was really impressed with this place! First time visitors can get a bikini, underarm or eyebrow wax for free. Since the woman who used to wax my brows moved to California, I've been wary about trying new places (last time I did they did my eyebrows + lip without my permission and ripped some skin of my top lip). I made an appointment before hand and there was lots of same-day availability. They use a unique wax import from France that is a strip in itself. It's a dark blue color, and within a few seconds of being applied it hardens and you are able to to rip it off in the same way a strip would apply. The same wax is used for bikini and underarms.The brow wax, originally $8, I got for free (before a tip). I will definitely be coming back to this place for touchups.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,3/1/2012,332,311,,5,1>Wow  what a big redesign!  This location has been open for over a decade and enjoyed quite the crowds in the beginning.  But as the mall and economy went down, it was not as nice as some of the other, newer theaters in the area.  Last week, we had occasion to see "Bridesmaids" there and I was very impressed.They now serve alcohol and full meals.  You can take food and drink anywhere in the theater.  We didn't try anything, but the menu is definitely a far cry from the usual theater food.They also have a new loyalty program.  We didn't join, but apparently it offers generous discounts for everything from tickets to food.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,2/29/2012,135,469,,6,2>My honey and I went for dinner the other night, hoping to find a sushi place we would like as much as our favorite on the other side of town.  Overall, we were quite happy with Fuschia and though it won't be replacing our old favorites, we will certainly visit it when in the mood for sushi without having to drive.We ordered the asian sparerib appetizer, a Sundae Roll, a Super Volcano roll, and a Sweetheart roll.  The sparerib appetizer came with 4 small ribs and was $8.  They tasted good, but were overpriced for their size.  It should have been a $5 appetizer, frankly.  We won't order it again for that reason.My favorite roll was the Sundae roll, my honey's favorite was the Sweetheart roll, but I thought both were very good.  The Super Volcano roll wasn't bad, but it wasn't stand-out either (it did look attractive with the glowy box underneath it like a volcano).  One thing we noticed is that most of the rolls didn't stick together well.  But, I don't care about that as much as taste.  The rolls were a little smaller than at some places too, which is ok because they were priced a little lower.  But, we'd need to order 4 instead of 3 next time I think.They have a very artful presentation, using plastic boxes with glowing colored lights to create lighting effects.  This was MUCH better than Sushi Domo's ill-advised use of *sterno* which did nothing but make us sick to smell.  Service was good, no complaints there.One big plus (or minus, depending on your point of view) is that they have a kids menu.  While I am very much in favor of restaurants that want to maintain an adult clientele not having a kids menu to discourage kids, by having a kids menu I am more likely to bring the kids out with me (and since I have the kids more often than not, that means more opportunity to have sushi).  So - since they have a kids menu, I wouldn't come here if you're looking for a kid free dining experience (although I didn't see any kids while I was there).  There are other sushi places that are less kid friendly that you can go on date night.So anyway, it's not earthshattering, but it is good and I like it and will go back.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,2/28/2012,135,233,,3,2>Goodness gracious, this place is great!The staff are really laid back, yet very helpful and nice to first-time customers who don't know how to go about ordering.  The concept is very similar to Chipotle, but there are more ingredients to choose from, as well as various sizes of burritos.Got a Monster burrito for 8 dollars--definitely worth the price. All in all, I will definitely come back !
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2011,2/27/2012,11,105,4,7,2>I am all about secondhand media. Books, games, movies, consoles - and all on the cheap. And if you're like me on and want to get your games movies and music for pennies on the dollar, then Entertainmart is definitely the way to go. The selection is immaculate and the prices are great. I'm always able to find the right DVD or console game every time I walk in. I can usually get 4-5 DVDs and a PS2 game for about $20. So what makes Entertainmart different than say a Half Price Books or Movie Trading Co. besides a larger selection and competitive pricing? How about extended electronics? You can pick up flat screen televisions, e-readers, iPods, and even cell phones secondhand here. Pretty awesome. This place will also give you a nice chunk of cash if you want to sell anything to them to. However, the selling part of the business is the worst part - and why I'm only giving them 3 stars. For one, there is no one buy counter. If you're walking in to sell some DVDs, a Playstation, and your old cell phone, you gotta go to three different buy counters and wait in line with people buying merchandise. And the worst part? The wait. Make sure you bring your electronics fully charged, cause if not you're probably going to be waiting forever. I brought in an iPod and a PSP; I was told it would only take 25 minutes to charge them both and to have them inspected for quality. It really ended up being 2 hours. Thank God for all the game demos, or I would have clawed my eyeballs out. The only thing that made it worth it was that I walked out of there with triple digit dollars in my pocket. To their credit I did like knowing how much money I was going to get if my products proved functional and acceptable, unlike places like Half Price. But I very rarely have two hours to dedicate to standing and waiting. So, one star rating if you're a seller, five star if you're a buyer, hence the 3 star average. Feel free to try it out for yourself and see what kind of bargains or $$$ you walk away with.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/26/2012,170,618,2,3,2>If I was reviewing solely based on service, Zeppole's would get 5 stars. But for the price range and location, Zeppole has to compete with the other great Italian restaurants I've been to around the world.I give them 4 stars for the excellent service and great martini.The little neck clams were good. I especially liked the pancetta they used. The sauce came together nicely.The lamb shank needs more work. After a great starter, the entree just fell short. The flavors weren't cooked in enough.The Sinatra (martini) was good. One of the better Sinatras I've had.To be fair, Zeppole is one of the better Italian restaurants in DFW. But this doesn't say much as Texas isn't known for good Italian cuisine.Definitely RTE, but only because there's not much better out there.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,2/25/2012,94,224,,3,4>I just reserved an apple pie for a memorial day cook out. When I peeked into the box of pie I was a little bit horrified to see the crust collapsing into the mighty huge apple pie. But as i looked closer, I realize that that's just how it turned out and it's not a factory produced pie. It is a freshly baked pie! Before I even arrived home,  I stole a small bite of the crust and the apples. It passed my taste test with 101%! The husband loved the pie so much especially the crust and the streusel that he declared he could finish the whole pie right now! Of course I was mortified by his words! And this is why we can never buy a big pie for ourselves! I can't wait for a next cook out so I can try the key lime pie! oK, enough essay writing! THE CONCLUSION: tasty freshly baked pie that will leave you wanting for more!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,2/24/2012,104,99,,2,3>Rednecks rejoice! The whitest place you can go for BBQ, and they pack a minimum of 13 pairs of Wranglers in the building at all times. Food: Smokey meat goodness, vegans would break their diet even smelling this place. Quail, chicken, beef, turkey, pork, sausage, and even sides and a vat of butter. That is what awaits you before you even get inside. They charge by the pound and simply say what you want and how much. Its smokey flavor on anything is very good and the apple cider bbq sauce is a great compliment. The best part is free, their Pot of Beans is what heaven is made of and it is free! It is a bit spicy so if you are sensitive....man up and eat it anyway it is great. I have never really bothered with the other sides because your eyes are bigger than your stomach here and you'll fill up easily just on the carnivorous entree. Atmosphere: When waiting to order you will be standing in a line of smoke from the smokers. After you leave, it will stay in your clothes and everyone around you will then crave meat too. The interior is straight country. Old weathered signs, taxidermy with ironic hats, and wood as far as the eye can see. If you grew up in a country Texas town it'll feel nostalgic, if you didn't it'll feel slightly hillbilly-esque . The staff is always busy and kind, top notch for a place that has a cafeteria setup. Overall: I have had the chicken, brisket, sausage, (try the jalapeno variety!) corn, and turkey breast and none disappointed. The prices are a bit high but I never left there feeling anything but stuffed and its always under $15 for me. I think when you see what you get and pay for it, it does not seem like much food for the price. However, midway through the meal you know you got your moneys worth. The feel of the building isn't my thing, but its very fitting.I give it the coveted 5-Star because its hard to pick this place apart. Everything is at least well above average and for a lunch, its difficult to beat.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,2/23/2012,262,236,,4,1>Hmmm,my experience was pretty good considering when you compare the pig to other breakfast spots in FloMo, Lewisville and other northern burbs. Heck, they get one star for just being open on Sunday (what kind of restaurant that serves breakfast closes on Sunday? Seriously?) I had the daily special (entree, two sides and a dessert!) for $6.95 and it was pretty darn good. My beautiful date had the french toast which was also pretty darn good. The only complaint was that the bacon was too crisp. All in all, I will be going back to the pig...maybe today!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/22/2012,38,78,2,9,5>Different is good!!!We saw a yelp deal for Everything German, so my wife, my mom and myself decided to give it a shot.  We are so glad we did:)It is not very large inside and can feel cramped but it is very clean and somewhat cozy.The place used to be an Italian eatery and before that a tex-mex place.  The outside does not give you the sense it is a German restaurant.  However, the inside has a mix of different German memorabilia from pictures of Germany to German license plates.  Oh and of course different German beer advertisements.  I especially liked the sign that said "Save water! Drink more Beer!"We started off with appetizers.  My wife and mom shared cheese and bread, while I had their soup of the day: potato soup.  First off, hands down the best potato soup I have ever had.  The cheese and bread was also excellent.  The cheese was a blend of different German cheeses blended into some sort of creamy dip.For the entrees, I ordered the Schnitzeltopf, my wife had the Jaeger Schnitzel, and my mom had their Reuben sandwich. My mom enjoyed her sandwich but she was sad because she was not feeling as adventurous as my wife and I and just kept salivating over our plates.  The item we all just loved was the homemade spaetzle.  It was so good that my mom ordered a side of it since it did not come with her Reuben.  I would describe the flavors of all these wonderful German delights, but they are so unique in flavor you just have to try it for yourself.We concluded our lunch with dessert.  We all had the Bavarian creme served with mixed berries that was just a delightful way to finish off the meal.The best part is this was all lunch and the portion sizes are so big that there was no way to finish everything.  That makes us very happy because now we have dinner for tonight and there is lots of spaetzle left over!They have only been open for less than a year and from what we can tell they stay petty busy.  So I hope they continue to thrive and maybe renovate the place to give it more of a German feel, but truly when the food is this good, that doe snot bother me that much.So do yourself a favor and give this place a shot.  We will definitely be back, it is just a matter of when;)
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,2/21/2012,144,157,3,10,7>Don't let the run-down appearance fool you...this is some of the best German food in town!Little Germany occupies the aging former Pizza Hut location which once housed Thai Tina's (which has since gone on to bigger and better things in the Embassy Suites downtown).  The lot is small, and the building nondescript, so it is easy to miss, but if you look across the street from the Mexican Inn on Henderson St., you will spot it.I am told that the cook here is an ex-patriot of Edelweiss, the long-time Fort Worth German staple, and if true it certainly shows in the food.  The potato pancakes are wonderful!  Served with apple sauce and sour cream on the side, they were a great start to the meal, and one order was enough to share with our whole table.The German fried potatoes were well seasoned and not overdone, the speatzel not dried-out like you will frequently find.  The schnitzel was amazingly flavorful with a light breading cooked to perfection.  If you have the opportunity to try their soups (every entree comes with soup or salad), give their goulash soup a try, it is amazing!To top off the amazing food is one of the best lunch specials you will find in the city - for $6.99 you get any of their regular entrees, and soup or salad.So give this hidden gem a try before they make the big time and move on to bigger and better (and more expensive) things!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,2/20/2012,474,618,5,5,7>I'm with Cody R on Fuzzy's Tacos. Even though I'm from Austin, I might prefer Fuzzy's to our local Torchy's Tacos. Don't hate on me yet! First of all, GINORMOUS beers. After being on solo baby duty all week, I was ready for a big cold one while visiting the grandparents. While I could go on and on about how happy I was to have a giant beer, the tacos are what keep me coming back.My favorite is the tempura shrimp, topped with cilantro and feta cheese on a corn tortilla. I also have a hard time passing up the pulled pork taco. Combine those delicious tacos with a side of queso and giant beers (have I mentioned the giant beers?) and you have one happy mama!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,2/19/2012,107,48,15,6,6>-The Battle of Tolbert's-It was a crisp December morning, the 17th of 2011, and this was the day we planned our attack. Molly, my 2nd in command, had done the recon for this mission not two days earlier. The Travel Channel had a show about the spiciest dishes in America. Evidently the enemy of the War on our Guts was massing just a few miles away.We arrived at Tolbert's to see the enemy mingling casually, not belying the fact that this epic battle was about to go down. We could see them behind the wall, mixing up their weapons of mass destruction. John, our faithful server, had enlisted recently and agreed to travel behind enemy lines for us to acquire our quarry... the 5 Alarm Chili, "North of the Border" style.John should be commended for his service. We had heard some buzz that the soldiers here didn't have their heart in the war, but John fearlessly served.John showed up quickly with the famous bowls of hot death. I reached for my weapon. The spoon was nothing special to look at but with the sun shining through the window, glinting off the dull metal, I knew it was now or never. We began our assault.POW! The first bite was in. The tender beef had great texture, the spicy heat, the beans cooked perfectly soft and a smattering of cheddar cheese and onion. HOO-RAH! This is what we've trained for! This is WAR!I was relishing the moment when I noticed something on the battlefield that had missed my initial assessment. There to the left of the bowl was the enemy's secret weapon... chemical warfare! There sat a small portion of their 5 Alarm sauce. I knew I couldn't let it go off on its own terms so I bravely scooped it up and poured most of it in the bowl hoping that the delicious chili would somehow save us by dilution.At first I wasn't sure that there was a difference between the chili with or without the secret weapon- but then I felt it. The explosion was intense. I felt the sweat start to build on my forehead. What was I feeling? Fear? I looked up at Molly. As our eyes met I realized she had taken a whole dose of the sauce. We exchanged glances as if to say, "This is hopeless. We will fail..."But then it was over. As I looked through teary eyes I felt the elation of realization that the bowl was empty. I dropped my spoon and the clank of the metal on that empty bowl stopped everyone on the battlefield. There was a moment of silence. We paid and left to return to home base thinking we had conquered a formidable foe.-The Counter-Attack-We were a few miles from headquarters when the first feeling brewed that something may not be right. Molly said, "You feel it too?" I somberly shook my head in affirmation. We realized too late that the secret weapon doesn't end the day without a second round of fighting. And this one would be even more devastating.I considered my options. Something in my gut told me, even though he had been a great ally in the past, on this day I could not trust Major Fart. There was too much danger in just hoping this counter-attack would abate without intervention. Rushing back to HQ Molly and I were both in a mad race for the antidote... There it was - Gaviscon!! Our hero!!And now, looking back, I flush... with the knowledge that Tolbert's 5 Alarm Chili actually stole victory from us on the battlefield that day. But our guts, with a little help, had won the war.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,2/18/2012,37,78,,5,3>This is some of the best sushi I have ever had. I mainly mean the specialty rolls.. I could have definitely  spent hours devouring every different one!My boyfriend and I had to try the Tok Fries since they were named the best fries in FW. They were really good mainly because they were sooo different. The idea of the dipping sauce and spices (including sesame seeds) for each idea was so clever. They were delish.We got the Dan Dan Roll and it may just be the best sushi roll I have ever had in my entire life. We should have just ordered 10 Dan Dan Rolls. We also got the Cucumber Roll because we were curious about a sushi roll with no rice. It wasn't anything too special- wouldn't get it again but it was interesting. We also got some great sashimi and then a Happy Roll. It was really good too because of the sauces. Very different. I wish there was more in every roll because we devoured every single piece super  quick. The wasabi and chili sauces are especially good and I usually avoid wasabi. The fresh ginger was also great- not colored like at most places. Go here- it's amazing! And don't let the outside fool you- it's beautiful inside.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,2/17/2012,75,237,,3,2>We went to Silver Fox for our Valentines Day dinner - I had set up our reservations through Open table which I thought was really cool. Since we were expecting traffic getting to the restaurant we left a few minutes early and ended up arriving at the restaurant 30 minutes early. Although they were busy (thank God it wasn't crazy though) we were seated immediately in the dining room adjoining the bar. It was a nice comfortable area aside from the glaring bright tvs in the dim lit room.Once we were seated we decided to get their special Valentines day meal which was steak and lobster for two with a side of mashed potatoes and creamed corn as a side. We also decided to get a side of their mac and cheeseWhile we were waiting for our meal to arrive they brought out fresh bread and got our drinks. Our meals arrived shortly after. I thought my medium well steak was cooked a little bit longer than it should but it was still wonderful. They brought out a small dish of butter that was kept warm with a tealight to our table for the lobster which was absolutely amazing. I was a bit skeptical about the mashed potatoes because most restaurants regardless of their culinary muscles usually cannot get it right. Well, the Silver Fox got it right: they were smooth and creamy and were perfectly seasoned. My husband raved avout their III Forks salad which was light and flavorful and complemented an otherwise heavy meal nicely.Overall, we have a very very good experience that night and we definitely will be back again. My only complaint, and its slight, is that our waitress could have been a little more attentive to our table.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,2/16/2012,21,87,1,3,2>This place is a dang good and a reasonably priced Thai restaurant.  The owners have had this place for like 11 or 13 years I think she said.  I always seem to find Thai places that are good, then it switches owners and goes to crap-  apparently this place is not like that. Yay! Stability +1Environment: It's a smaller type restaurant with less privacy, perhaps 15-20  tables or so.  Dinner and entertainment involves listening to the table across the room enjoying their wine and discussing how they have become more liberal in the more recent years and how Republicans water-boarded same certain people over a hundred times just for fun.  Tsk tsk.Yummy ingredients:  I noticed kaffir lime leaves in my soup and asked the waitress where they purchased the stuff cause I had the darndest time trying to find it.  She told me the owners have a greenhouse where they grow their own herbs: lemongrass, basil, and the lime leaves!  Probably galangal too, but ya- garden grown ingredients: +1 Ordered:      Thom Kha Gai (spelling) soup.  Very tasty- still like mine better, but that's typical.  Split a bowl- fun thing to do.  It serves about three cups.     Massaman Curry w/ chicken.  I'd never tried this kind of curry.  I think its my new favorite.  They did a good job.  My only gripe would be that it only came with a cube of rice about the size of a stick of butter.  Not enough to soak up all that yummy curry sauce.  Jasmine rice is pricey and has gone up over the years... but still... bit of a bummer.       Noodles- the wide rice kind, with beef.  We all agreed this was the best dish we ordered.  Its the second dish on the noodles page.  I can cook, but for some reason I cannot do noodles even close to this.  They did an awesome job.  Also- if you plan on getting these noodles, the flavor really goes well with beef.  I almost got chicken but glad I didn't.  I'd go back for these noodles.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,2/15/2012,17,29,4,16,7>New Orleans and hurricane Katrina have given Hurst a much needed burst of Cajun flavors with the opening of Two Sisters Restaurant earlier this year. Featuring numerous Po' Boy sandwiches, Gumbo, Jambalaya, fried Catfish and Chicken, Red beans and rice, and even burgers, the menu will offer tasty choices for most people. I chose to start my meal with a small bowl of Gumbo ($4.99), while my partner chose a small bowl of Red beans and Rice($2.99). Both were larger than expected and delicious. We both chose to follow up with the 2 pc. Catfish seafood platter, $8.99 including fries, salad and bread. The portions were huge, with 2 very large fillets, a mound of fries, a salad, and 2 pieces of toast. The fish was lightly breaded in the New Orleans style (as opposed to the more common corn meal style seen in Texas), resulting in a flaky, moist fillet. The fries were medium sized and lightly seasoned. All in all, a satisfying, delicious meal.Pies and Banana Pudding are listed as deserts on the menu, but frankly, we were too full to try them.The restaurant sits far back from the road, in the middle of an older strip shopping center and might easily be missed if you are not specifically looking for it.The atmosphere is generally bare bones but welcoming, and the menu promises "Weekly Specials and More Coming!"
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,2/14/2012,105,275,,5,3>We met some out of town friends at Tom's for breakfast today, the Saturday of Memorial day weekend.  I didn't even know they had breakfast!The place was busy, not packed, but busy at 915am.  We were quickly greeted and our drinks ordered.  Everyone had something different: Three Egg meal: She had them scrambled and finished the plate off.Biscuits and Gravy, side of bacon: Again the plate was empty at the end of the meal; he said it was super yummy.Eggs Benedict: Not a hit at all; hubster didn't like their hollandaise sauce at all.  He said that he finished it out of hunger, but won't order it again.Build Your Own Omelet: Ham & Cheese, please!  It was huge, with a side of hash browns.  The hash browns were pretty generic and required a lot of salt and pepper.  The omelet was tasty, and way too big to finish.Our waitress seamlessly refilled coffee and tea without interrupting the conversation at the table. All together it was about $45 (including tip) for breakfast (for FOUR adults).  That seems pricy, but we left full.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,2/13/2012,14,15,11,4,5>! went here to eat on one of the most uncomfortable dates in the history of uncomfortable dates this past Saturday.  Thank god for strong margaritas!  I have been to the one on Camp Bowie, but not the one in Grapevine.  We were promptly seated and greeted immediately by our waiter and chips, salsa, and chips were served as soon as we sat down.   We each got a house margarita, which are better than most, not too sweet and soury.  I wanted Ceviche Royale, of course, and it was excellent as always!  It was made with Shrimp, Scallops and Tilapia and left me wanted more. For the entre I got the fish tacos.  I really prefer baja fish tacos which are fried, but while these were grilled they were very good as well.  My date got the Vegetable Fajitas and she said they were really good.   We were in and out in under 45 minutes, thank god, which is not bad for a Saturday night.  Next time I'll take a blow-up sheep as my date, I'm pretty sure I would have felt more comfortable.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,2/12/2012,127,446,,7,4>We paid our second visit to Samurai last night in celebration of our daughter making varsity marching band. (Go KHS Indian Band!) Yelp reviews cover the gamut of experiences from poor to very good so I was very interested to see for myself what they have to offer. First impression is OK - decor is rather plain and lacks excitement. But, hey, I'm here for the food and I will let the decor pass if the good is good.Samurai offers an extensive menu, including a fresh sushi bar, tempura and other items from the kitchen and, of course, hibachi cooked to order in front of you. We came for hibachi. My wife had steak & shrimp, daughter had shrimp & calamari, and I had filet and scallops. Each of these hibachi entrees was in the low $20 range. Portions are generous, and we were pleased that the food was not over seasoned as I have experienced at similar establishments. Our chef was very entertaining with a great sense of humor, and made the experience that much better. We also ordered a spicy tuna roll as an appetizer ($5.50). The pieces were small but fresh and flavorful. With two glasses of house wine each for my wife and me our tab was just shy of $100 before tip.Located just around the corner from our neighborhood, Samurai is a quality part of the growing Keller restaurant scene. We will definitely be back.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,2/11/2012,242,446,2,5,3>After living in Arlington for a total of 17 years - and the last 2 years - I finally tried Mijo's last night and was very, very impressed. It is in a little shopping center that is ancient, but they take great care of it. Even the restaurant - though 10+ years old - is in great shape, inside and out. And VERY clean.The menu leans on the side of authentic Mexican, not Tex Mex. You'll see things like Carnitas, Barbacoa, tripe, etc. etc. Don't expect ground beef tacos on this menu.Hearing they were good, I had the very un-Mexican fish tacos and they were just that, very good. You get a huge chunk of fish in each taco, very good refried black beans, and okay rice. The only problem I had was the lettuce on top - too much of it.The wife had a chicken taco and a barbacoa taco, and this was real deal barbacoa. Both very good.Make sure to hit up the salsa bar and try the verde, grab some cilantro for your tacos, and snag a few limes. Love that they have that siting out.Even the margaritas? Very good. Glad this joint is close by, now I have another option for good Mexican.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,2/10/2012,22,40,,6,4>This will be brief but I wanted to get my 2 cents in.   I've been to Lotus Cafe twice.  Both times my food was delicious and fresh.  Service was friendly and prompt at all times and the place was spotlessly clean.  The menu is extensive and features almost all of the typical Vietnamese dishes in both a Bahn Mi sandwich shop and a Pho' place in addition to featuring a few other interesting items.    I complimented the owner on the quality of their food and just how delicious it was.  She told me the meats for the sandwiches are all grilled to order. Lotus is only a couple of miles from my house.  I am so glad they are open.   In between meals, it will also be handy to stop by for a cold refreshing boba (bubble) tea smoothie.  These are excellent as well.  I'm now a regular customer of Lotus Cafe.  OH - they also have free wi-fi!  (for folks w/ an ipad, tablet, or e-reader, etc).
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,2/9/2012,82,285,,6,2>In our efforts to avoid the bulk of 377 at all costs (thank you Whitley, for being a great alternative), we cruised by Cowboy Cones, quickly threw the truck in reverse, and backed in to the parking lot.This is a very cute little joint with lots of fun candies - I keep walking around with "Abba Zabba" stuck in my head - some random throwback candy. They have a wide variety of throwback candies like Pop Rocks, BIG Bit o' Honeys, Slo Pokes, and a nice collection of sugar-free candies, too. They have snow cones with shaved ice, and you can mix n' match your flavors, and add cream on top if that's your gig. I went with the peanut butter cup ice cream and it was GOOD! Peanut butter ice cream with swirls of peanut butter and some crushed peanut butter cups - it's heaven in a cone. It'd be GREAT if there was a place to sit and enjoy the ice cream - that's why I'm going 4 stars instead of 5.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,2/8/2012,31,111,,4,3>This is a tiny place with homemade burgers, fries or tots, and plenty of iced tea.  I had a bacon cheese burger which was pretty darn good.  But not sure I would go back given the place is tiny inside (only like 4 tables so a lot of people take the food to go) and the parking lot was a pain to get out of.  Which is a shame since I really enjoyed my burger.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,2/7/2012,132,138,2,5,2>Wanted to give this place a shot after reading all the great reviews on here...glad I did!Cute and cozy little cafe. Our server was a very nice, effecient young man. We ordered fresh squeezed OJ( so fresh and extremely refreshing).We also ordered as an appetizer, the lamb dolmathes. They were PERFECT!!! Piping hot too, I might add. The lentil soup was also perfection, even the presentation, looked as though it were prepared with love.  I had the chicken Shwarma(delicious!) and he ordered the lamb gyro(wow! So very good!). There was a dipping garlic cream sauce that was such a  perfect balance with the meats.I can't wait to try the other dishes!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,2/6/2012,73,357,,4,3>This place has some wildly varying reviews! We happened to have a great experience there today.  Looking for a place to have lunch after record shopping we drove past and decided to try it out since the parking lot was bumpin'. The chips and salsa weren't anything special but not bad.  The margaritas were good- not too sweet, not too tangy.  We had the brisket and shrimp tacos and they were both delicious! The shrimp tacos had mushrooms and zucchini, some kind of creamy sauce, plenty o' shrimp and came with black beans (which I always prefer!) and a sort of cilantro lime rice. The brisket tacos were the traditional brisket, cilantro, onions with barracho beans and the regular orange-y mexican rice.  There was a large party out on the patio so it look a little while to place our order but nothing egregious.  I'm looking for a Mexican place to have our rehearsal dinner and we'll definitely consider Miguelito's!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,2/5/2012,29,102,,5,5>Have been here several times now. Enjoyed sitting on the rooftop last weekend when the weather was cool. And the music wasn't too loud and obnoxious. I love the music in theory, but sometimes it's just way too loud for dinner music. We shared the Little Italy salad $10. Romaine,  Genoa salami and Prosciutto di Parma, Mozzarella di Bufala, artichoke hearts, grape tomatoes, pepperocini, green and blackolives, extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar. It was served with little toasts. All the ingredients were fresh. It was delicious. The balsamic dressing was great.  We didn't leave a bite. Perfect size for sharing.We also shared the Piemontese pizza. Our server recommended the medium and it was just about the right size for us. $15. Neapolitan style thin crust pizza with thinly sliced Genoa salami, Mozzarella di Bufala, mushrooms and lotsa fresh basil. Just enough sauce. Crisp thin crust. the cheese and salami perfectly proportioned. Very good. Not surprised to find that Italians run the kitchen. This is truly an authentic Neapolitan style pizza. Service was good. There was a problem when they brought us the wrong pizza, but the manager saw us trying to figure out if this was the pizza we had ordered, and came over to our table to take the pizza away and bring us the right one. It took another 10 minutes, but they were very nice about it and even took $5 off the tab without us even having to ask. Great food, great service, good atmosphere at a good price. We'll definitely be back again and again.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,2/4/2012,53,93,5,9,6>Lovely patio in back of the restaurant. Great location. Food is very good, very fresh. Service was friendly and knowledgeable.We shared:stir-fried edamame - wow! best edamame ever!chicken karaagechef's special roll with both big eye and yellowtail tunaseaweed saladThe menu strikes a good balance between sushi and non-sushi selections. I like that the cutesy sushi rolls so prevalent in most Japanese restaurants around town are completely missing from Shinjuku's menu. They've kept things simple, which is refreshing.Very good selection of saki, wine and cocktails. i had a zippy little saki sparkler called Zipang. As mentioned before, the patio is fantastic and makes Shinjuku a great option for an outdoor happy hour!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,2/3/2012,77,365,,12,3>First off, let me say that this is NOT the kind of place that you can go to do heavy grocery shopping and find EVERYTHING that you need! This place does not re-stock the same items every week. You never know what you are going to find!They have amazing deals, with a lot of clearances on crackers, cookies, meats, frozen foods, fresh fruit, vegetables, deodorant, mouthwash, seasonal items like chocolate, candy, candy canes, etc, and big bags of random expired candy for 1$! Our favorites are the restaurant quality paper items they sell, such as paper cups, plates, napkins and even big 32oz cups from Racetrac! Yes, some of their food and other items ARE expired! You need to use your own discretion on whether or not they are safe to consume, but you won't find any mold, or stale items in this store.This is an amazing place for people on a budget who don't care about the big, hot warehouse and the millions of people hustling and bustling around for great deals!Located in Haltom City, I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. This is a one of a kind clearance store!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,2/2/2012,356,554,,7,4>This places has been opened for a few months now. It is a very good upscale Mexican Restaurant in Grapevine.  Very nice ambience.  The place is well decorated.  We called to make reservations for our New Year's Eve dinner.  We had no troubles when we got to the restaurant.  We were seated within 15 mins.  My friends ordered the house margarita.  They sure don't skimp on their drinks do they?  The margaritas came in a tall glass.  My friends said the Margarita was really good.  Their salsa is amazing here.  I ordered the pick 2 combo.  I got a soft chicken taco and the flauta.  The flauta was devoured in like 2 seconds as it was very flavorful and the sauce on top was perfect.   Most places flautas, are either to crispy or the chicken is always dry. Mi Dia's flautas were just  perfect.  The chicken was not dry at all.  The soft chicken taco was really tasty as well.  The refried beans were really good too as it had a nice flavor to it!!   My husband got the Sea Bass and said it was just okay.  My other friend got enchildas, beef, and chicken tacos.  He liked it.  The staff here were friendly even on their busy nights.  The only thing that sucked here was the parking but they do have Valet so its not as bad.   Can't wait for Patio season as the patio looks AWESOME!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,2/1/2012,140,199,3,8,7>It was my first waxing.  Ever.  The only thing going through my head prior to my appointment was how I would never be able to walk again and the horrid horrid pain afterwards.Nope.  Nuh-uh.  Every horror story ever conceived about waxing is untrue!!  Getting your eyebrows threaded is a more torturous ordeal than getting your *ahem* waxed.  And ladies, Judith is amazing.  AMAZING!!!!  She's such a pro!!  Believe me, I walked into the Wax Bar completely terrified but left with another appointment!  When you're in Judith's hands, you're golden!!  To echo Carmen L., she will put you at ease right away.  There were some very uncomfortable and awkward moments but nothing that she hasn't seen before.  She'll talk to you the entire time and it'll feel like you were getting your hair done rather than...you know.  Honestly, she's great.Gentlemen, you're going to have to find your own little waxing niche because Judith only caters to the ladies!! :)The Wax and Lash Bar is by APPOINTMENT only.  If you call, just leave a message and she will return your phone call promptly.Thanks fellow Yelper's for another great recommendation.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,1/31/2012,13,8,7,6,5>Alright peoples....This place is called "into the glass" but it could be called into my belly because everything I have ever had at this place is amazingly good. I typically order my favorites; Brie nachos "to die for" okay we have to pause and have a moment of silnce......droooooolllllllllOkay picture this ; corn chips, slathered in buttery nutty brie cheese, topped with grilled chicken, topped with onions, red and yellow bell peppers, cilantro,cranberries, YES you heard me, and something spicy , don't  exactly know  what that spice is but it's soooooo delicious! Crunchy -chewy goodness .Try them you will not be disappointed! I LOVE their goat cheese bruschetta and truffle  filled mac-n-cheese.  Into the Glass reminds me of a "cheers-esque" place, sing it with me "where everybody knows your name and their always glad you came!"  Wait staff - super friendly:)Only draw back - you  might not  get a table right away - they need a bigger space, people are crammed in their because it's sooooo grud'!Great live Music venue check out David Cote there !
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,1/30/2012,423,452,3,4,4>One of the best discoveries I made in Texas! I came here with my family and we all really enjoyed Genghis! It's not your usual order and receive type of restaurant... You make your way to the back and put a bunch of random meats, vegetables, spices and sauces into a bowl and then they cook it for you! They also give you a menu so that if you have no idea what you want you can just throw the ingredients listed on the menu into your bowl. So cool to watch them cook your food! I threw a bunch of random things into my bowl and thought it wouldn't turn out so great but it did! Delicious!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,1/29/2012,82,320,,8,5>i'm thinking about having dinner here tonight.my sister and i had dinner here last week and i've been craving it since. and the only reason i haven't been back is that i've been out of town! i'm SUPER picky about asian restaurants. cause first of all, no body, and i mean no body, can cook as good as my mom.with that said, i had the vermicelli with grilled pork, shrimp, and eggrolls and it was awesome. really the BEST dish that i've had and i've had this particular dish at several vietnamese restaurants. my sister ordered a big bowl of pho and i asked for a taste of the broth. because you know is good when the broth is good. and....the broth was really good. i haven't found great pho close by without having to drive 20 minutes, but now i've found it.i'm so glad this place opened up close by. definitely try the pho and if you like vermicelli, try it too. both my faves for this type of cuisine. the staff is also helpful and really nice.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,1/28/2012,298,874,,5,6>At the suggestion of John B. a small group of us ended up here after spending a bit of time at another nearby bar (and arcade). At first The Shamrock gave me that feeling that I might be getting some "Your not a regular here" stares, but I was completely wrong. Without a doubt The Shamrock has a regular crowd, but it was also a friendly, old-school kind of bar, that is perfect for socializing and playing some darts (or pool). While the draft beer offerings are somewhat limited, the bottle offerings more than make up for it. Food is not served, but if you are hungry a couple of nearby (near as in out the back door) food stands (Sassy Hot Dogs and Tacoheads) can help you with your cravings... And it seemed OK to bring your food back into the bar. The only downside of the experience is that smoking is allowed. Luckily on this night the smoke was not that bad, but nowadays I do prefer smokeless places to drink.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,1/27/2012,34,293,,4,4>Mrs. B and I are regulars at Lone Star Oyster Bar once again!  I recommend the blackened tilapia, which is usually Mrs. B's selection.  I will venture out into some of the fried food combinations, which are usually pretty good, but I think the best value is with the fish filet specials.  The menus show a crab topping of some kind, but when we asked about it, they said that they no longer make it.  That was a little confusing, but whatever.  The hushpuppies provided with the meal more than make up for it.LSOB can be relied upon for cold beers and good fish.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,1/26/2012,199,182,5,9,7>What a great way to spend 12 bucks & a nice Sunday morning. My mom, brother, and I came here bright and early as they opened up at 10 am since I'd heard such a buzz about how beautiful and great this zoo was. Also, I just LOVE animals so I was already sold.The number of exhibits and animals was great! Almost all of the animals were out to be seen - most sleeping (yeah, I'm looking at you, big cats). This place was also huge! So many twists and turns but still a smooth cycle to get you through so make sure to bring your walking shoes. It took us almost 3 hours to go through the zoo and that's with us still trying to get through kinda quickly since it looked like it would rain. The staff was also really friendly and always helpful. This is definitely worth checking out and if they renovate or add more to the zoo, I'll stop by again to check it out.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,1/24/2012,172,211,,6,6>A fun outdoor event for the whole family. This place gets PACKED so it's a great idea to get here early to get parking up close, walk around and see what you want, watch some planes fly and then get out before the rush to leave.  If you stay til the end you will be waiting in a line of cars  to get out of this place for (quite possibly) HOURS!  The entire event is free (well sort of).  The only charge is to park, which is $20 for a whole car load of people ... So load up the car with as many kids as you can cram in there and get your money's worth! Yeeee Haaaaw!!! (Yeah, I've got some white trash in my family...what's it to ya!?!). All the parking is in a big open grassy field that is normally NOT used for parking .  You have to drive your car up over a curb, which they have tried to make less of a jump by using sand bags to create a rudimentary "ramp" but it's certainly still a bit of an awkward step up.  We were in an SUV, but I was cringing thinking of some poor unsuspecting bloak trying to drive up over this in a sports car with low clearance.  Kiss that front bumper and undercarriage goodbye!  If you do make it to the top, prepare for a bumpy ride across uneven grass terrain that has been very graciously tore up by the big red neck jack up diesel truck with smoke stacks...you know...for effect.  Or the people who have taken this "pile 'em in mantra" even further and brought their freakin 40 ft RVs.  I'd say I saw at least 10 BIG RVs.  Really, you need to bring an RV to the airshow??! smh....Make it past all this and you will be treated with what seems like hundreds of planes to walk around, climb inside, touch, and explore.  On the air strip, you will be dazzled with the aerial acrobatics of stunt planes, jets, helicopters, parachutes and more.  Perhaps the coolest part was the JET POWERED, SMOKING, FLAMING, DIESEL 18 WHEELER TYPE TRUCK!!!!    Holy crap that thing went insanely fast...it just made you wonder how (even in spite of it's size) it did not get airborne and flip over.  I'd love to take a ride in that thing!!Word to the wise.  Bring a hat, sunglasses, and ear protections (for the loud noise).  They sell all this type stuff there, for a high price ($2 for ear plugs).   But, the ear plugs they sell are adult sized and the kind that go inside your ear, which the kids wanted nothing to do with.  You are better off getting the kind that go over their ears...sure they are a bit more but they are comfy and the kids might actually wear them. All in all, the kids ( ages 1 and 2.5 years had a great time and enjoyed themselves)
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,1/23/2012,257,111,6,11,8>This place is great! A normal sushi dinner for my boyfriend and I usually comes around to $60 so when I read the reviews on yelp that this place only charges $15/person for dinner, I was sooooo ready to give it a try!The place itself is spacious and looks clean. I loved how they had locally named rolls such as the UTA and I-20 rolls which was cute. They actually had some raw rolls too which is always a plus when the place looks clean and busy. Aside from the rolls, my side dish favorites were the Panko covered fried fish, Wakame seaweed salad, and Japanese squid salad. Service was also very friendly and prompt. Overall, I do agree with everyone that this place is better than SushiYaa and serves better quality, and for that kind of price, you definitely get your money's worth. (Obviously, don't have super high expectations if you're a sushi snob since it is still a buffet) Come happy and hungry and see for yourself. I definitely will be coming there again!*Edit- Also, they have a punch card system and I think if you sign up as a member with them(which is totally free) they give you a certain percentage off the next time you come.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,1/22/2012,50,175,,8,2>A sushi lover's dream, and its in Denton of all places...If you didn't know that it was here, you'd drive right past the plain looking building, never knowing what you were missing.  Any you would be missing something spectacular!Here you get fresh fish, flown in and treated right.  We're talking the best quality with great flavor, perfectly sliced to melt in your mouth.  You can be sure that if something is served with or on top of the fish, it was thoughtfully prepared with the best ingredients.  Things like hand grated wasabi, fresh roe, ginger sauce, a jalapeno shoyu...So if fish is not your thing? No worry, you still have reasonS to check out Keiichi.  One of my favorites here is the beef tataki - perfectly seared slices of beef paired with a delicious sauce.  Chef Kei also makes some great pasta dishes and a tiramisu that alone is worth the trip to Keiichi. As others have mentioned, seating is limited, so reservations are strongly recommended.  Pricey you say?  Well Keiichi was located in say New York or San Francisco, you'd probably wouldn't be complaining about the price.  Of course, that means that Keiichi wouldn't be here in Denton, and then where would you go for great sushi (and pasta and tiramisu and...).PS. if you've never tried sake, or think that all sake tastes the same, ask for their sake flight (or a recommendation) and prepare to be surprised!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,1/21/2012,85,274,6,7,5>While looking for a family outing this summer, I happened upon Burger's Lake and what a surprise!  It is an old fashioned swimming hole right near the big city of Fort Worth. Parking is free and you can park as close or as far away from the activity as you want.  We had a blast swimming, sliding and jumping off the diving board although I'm not brave enough nor agile enough to try the trapeze.  The snack bar has a good variety and the prices are reasonable,  Where can you get a small drink for $1.00 and a large drink for $2.00?  Sno cones are $2.00 and they come in a big cup.  I wish they had at least one sugar free flavor in the sno cone department, so maybe they will read this review and consider it. The dressing rooms are huge and clean but not air conditioned so you need to get changed quickly before a sweat breaks out.  Oh, and some of the people are quite interesting, so this is also a good spot to people watch.  I went twice in one week, that's how much fun it is!!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,1/20/2012,233,245,4,5,6>Camino is a clean, well kept property that strives to make the tenants feel more like they are living in a community, than apartments.  They hold events every few months which usually include contest or games, along with free food that brings everyone in for a great time.  The maintenance staff is prompt and courteous along with management who does an excellent job making sure any issue are addressed in an appropriate fashion.I can't think of any real complaints about this place and would recommend this place to anyone looking to live close to 35 in denton, just about in the center of everything.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,1/19/2012,263,371,4,7,4>I'm taking a foodie backseat here since I feel the price and service outweigh the food. We all have places that are like that, and this one is one of mine.The quick and skinny: Sushi buffet, $10.Do I need more information? Buffet, $10.Lunch? $10. Dinner? You guessed it-- $10.I'm fair, easy to please, and love to engorge myself. I take all-you-can-eat as a personal challenge. Bring it on!Next to Kroger is SushiYaa, the only sushi-focused buffet I'm aware of. There's also a row of meal adjuncts, noodles, tempura veggies and the such. The buffet selection isn't bad, as there are a lot of close duplicate rolls. The first time I went, my friend was reaaaaally taken aback but what she felt was the lack of quality: she surmised that the meat was canned, the salmon colored, etc. To this: It's $10! You get what you pay for. These are just her personal opinions; I found nothing wrong with the concept: sushi chefs, clear labeling, prompt service, and clean bathrooms. And sure, lunch or dinner, the place can get packed. This is a good sign, IMHO. It keeps everything freshly replenished and means they have a good fan base.They allow for take out during lunch, but I've never had any luck with food payment systems via weight. Also, the service has been excellent each visit and your water will stay topped off with a smile. You can also get a discount card (it's only for 5%, so even the tax is worth more). They also serve alcohol. Love this place. I just don't take anyone who's more into flaming towers and overall food quality.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,1/18/2012,47,192,6,11,7>I can't believe I spent 6 months living in Fort Worth without hearing about five star food in a gas station. I guess the people around me are NOT in the know, unlike my fellow yelpers (thank you, yelp!). We finally made it up to Watauga last night, just as the ice was melting after our 4 day freeze here in North Texas. By the way, Watauga is a super easy drive from Fort Worth--you can take 377 or 35 all of the way, no crazy side streets. The restaurant has a "no reservation" policy, but they do have a "call ahead" list (just call 30 minutes prior...basically a reservation) Majors props to the hostess for seating us without our full party there....they were stuck in traffic!   OK, so this is actually a functioning gas station (with significantly cheaper gas than its fort worth competitors...yeah, Watauga!), and instead of having rows and rows of junk food and magazines, there are tables and chairs that are sort of closed off from the soda fridges and gum aisles. While they sell lots of beer to gas station customers, Chef Point Cafe follows the law of "no alcohol consume on gas station premises", so you can't BYOB even from their own stash (note: they're expanding the restaurant and will have a liquor license soon). The food was AWESOME (mix of New American, Italian and Soul Food). I was excited by the really impressive seafood selection and went with the salmon picatta (YUMMY!). I also tried the tomato florentine soup (boyfriend's order, not mine) and it was soooo tasty. It was more cream than tomato, but I would go back just for some of that bad boy. Boyfriend had grilled chicken, and our friends went with a cheeseburger and a deep-fried club sandwich (even if I did eat land meat I would not have gone with the latter two selections at chef-point cafe...the irony of ordering something super fancy at a gas station is too enticing for me). Our food was served promptly and we had an helpful and friendly waiter. The prices are incredibly reasonable, with many entrees below $10, and the seafood around $15 (the steak got pricier). I'm really excited for my leftovers (the pasta servings are huge) and plan on going back soon. I intend to go back with family or friends without telling them where I'm taking them...."surprise, dinner at a gas station!" They're not "in the know" yet like you, my fellow yelpers, so I look forward to enlightening them!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,1/17/2012,331,537,5,9,5>Holy Hamburgers! Why in the hell have I never ordered the hamburger here before?! That damn dry erase board always lures me away from the menu to the specials of the day but last night I just wanted something to eat with their fries, which are the BEST anywhere hands down. Wingstop, slayed. Snuffers, slayed. LoveShack, slayed. I dare you to find me a better fry. On to the burger - good old fashioned flat griddled greatness. Nice thick juicy patty, seasoned to perfection with that light crust on the meat. All the toppings were cold and fresh and the bun was soft, buttered and toasted on the grill. It didn't need a fried egg, or fried onion strings, or blue cheese crumbles, or grilled mushrooms or any other shit. It was just what a burger is supposed to be.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2011,1/16/2012,145,116,2,10,6>I've tried very hard to like Brownstone.  VERY hard.  I feel like this restaurant got off on the wrong foot with me just with the "Dallas attitude".  Repeatedly making press statements about how they were bringing "locally sourced agriculture" to Fort Worth and putting forward an attitude that they were introducing the "hicks" of Fort Worth to the fine food that Dallas has had for years.  It left a bad taste for a lot of locals (me included) but I pushed on.I have now had four visits there (including one with a critic friend who was reviewing the place) and I *still* don't quite get the fuss.The food is good.  Definitely 4 stars kind of good.  But it doesn't match the prices.  For example, the Grandmother's Biscuits are lovely - but $13 for three small-ish buttermilk biscuits, three pork sausage patties, and a small glass jar of preserves?  Insane.  The quality was good... but not THAT much better than any local corner diner.$13 seems to be a popular price point.  On one visit, that is what my friend was charged for a vodka tonic at the bar.  A WELL vodka tonic.  (It was a mere $11 the next time we were in.)  Those are New York City prices... although I'm sure that the bar would claim that they are making their own artisan tonic water or something like that.  I don't necessarily mind paying that for the artisan cocktails - they ARE good (and a bit less on happy hour prices) but the well drink prices were so crazy we checked it a second time!I've had the Kobe cheek pot roast twice now.  It was differently named at one point... but the pot roast moniker is a more appropriate one.  I love the concept... but once you turn Kobe to pot roast, it's indistinguishable from other cuts of beef.  So $24 for pot roast is just kind of silly at that point.   But I like the spoon bread that is served with it - possibly more than the roast itself.In the realm of things I *do* like - the mini chicken pot pies.  Heaven.  They make for a good bar snack.  I also like the flat iron steak.  Most of the side dishes are lovely (and I hope to see okra return in the spring if I dine there again).  Salads are lovely albeit small for the prices - one or two small pieces of artisan farm vegetables do not justify the prices - keep in mind that many of us shop at the same farmers market and from the same farmers that chef sources her finds.   What I'm not impressed with - the interior seems out of place for the food being served.  And it's sterile - the restaurant always seems to be overlit so rather than being cozy, it has all the feel of a generic hotel restaurant.  (My critic friend stole my comment about them sharing the same decorator who did the Sheraton redesigns nationally, but I think it's true!)  When I'm having home cooking (whether plain or fancified), i want to feel warm and cozy, not like I'm sitting in a modern design gallery.And the biggest thing that gets low marks from me?  The condescending thing.  We get it that Casey is a celebrity chef (although some of us remember her from BEFORE she was on Top Chef) although the servers feel the need to remind everyone of it in their opening monologue (four different visits, four variations, so I think it's required schtick).  The "she wanted to bring this type of dining to Fort Worth" part is condescending though... Dallas-ites might not realize that we've held our own for a few years now with decent restaurants getting national acclaim (Lonesome Dove, Lannys, Grace, Bonnells, Ellerbee... any of those ring a bell?) and that has somewhat spoiled my dining experience.  And beyond that, the service is not on par with what I'd expect for the prices... some of the servers seem to have come straight from Chilis or Applebees and lack proper fine dining experience.  So I'm torn... three stars it is after four tries.  I really want to like the place more.  But until the food matches the prices - and/or the service matches the prices - this is just too out of place for me for anything more than a happy hour cocktail and maybe a quick bar nibble.But I think the concept would do very well in Dallas... perhaps she can "introduce" Dallas to downhome cooking from the other side of the Metroplex?  Now THAT'S a new concept....
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,1/15/2012,86,412,6,26,4>What use to be Carl's Steakhouse, has turned into a great (and much needed) little neighborhood cafe.We've only been to this restaurant for breakfast (so I can't say much for the lunch items).  But the prices are great (about $5 a plate), the service is friendly/helpful, the atmosphere is fantastic (though once we got a booth with a broken seat), and the food is pretty tasty.So far, we're digging the Breakfast Burrito and the French Toast.BTW, stay far away from the sausage patties (the cook tends to overcook it into a hockey puck).  And beware the pancakes (more dense then light and fluffy - Oh.. how we miss your pancakes Kerbey Lane Cafe in Austin, TX).But look, if my girlfriend and I make 2 trips to a location within a week (something we rarely do) it has to be pretty good (or there's just not enough breakfast places that we really like in the area).
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,1/14/2012,138,223,5,11,7>Service - 5 StarFood - 4 StarIce Cold Drafts - 5 StarI'm not sure what the name means, but someone's doing something RIGHT! My son and I came here to drown our sorrows after a difficult round of golf played in a mini-hurricane. (you golfers can sympathize, I know). Here's the things we found that they'd done right:1) 29 F draft beer served in frosty mug. (I didn't have a thermometer, but I'll take their word as to the temperature. There were flecks of ice on the beer and it was cold to the tongue. Damn near got frost on my moustache.2) Country club atmosphere, from the couches  in the middle, to the lockers on the side, to the men's toiletries in the restroom, to the decor on the walls. Well, you get the drift..3) TV's everywhere the eye can see. Although I wasn't too fond of the mini commercial players stuck at eye level in the urinals. Is nothing sacred?4) Outside/inside bar. Two sides of the bar are outdoors and the other two sides are inside. Kind of cool looking, but I don't know how they'll work out in the summer. 5) A games area in one corner, in case you're so inclined.Now as to the food.We had the pizza rolls, which were very tasty and nice spin on the traditional. They serve regular pizzas as well. We also had the chicken wings. Besides the buffalo sauce, we also tried the Coca Cola and bacon and the pineapple infused sauces. The last two were sweet and savory and sweet and tangy respectively. So the chicken wings were another thing they got right!So did anything go wrong? Yes, the shoe string fries were not to our liking. They were so thin, all I could taste was the salt and the oil. No real potato  flavor left in such a small stick. We left ours mostly uneaten. Which goes to show, you can't get everything right for all the  people all the time, or so says Abraham Lincoln.Even the misstep in the matter of fries could not offset the overall experience, so we gave them their full Five Stars, because, honestly, as far as sports bars go, this was about as good as it gets!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,1/13/2012,55,94,49,52,56>The Feedstore is a Southlake classic. Nestled between the mansions on White Chapel Blvd., you will find a little building selling the best BBQ around for miles. There are even cows living out back. I am not sure if the cows end up being slaughtered and sold at the feedstore, but either way seeing the cows out back makes the meat taste fresher. The food here is excellent whether you eat it in house or take it to go. Tender brisket, flavorful sausage, moist pork, and fresh cut fries. I can go on and on about how great the food is, but honestly you should just go and try it yourself. I recommend eating at the Feedstore because the restaurant is decorated with items from Texas history so you can feel like a real Texan when you are devouring your BBQ.
